This place is state of the art and fantastic! This coming from a girl who definitely doesn't golf and has only attempted the driving range once in her life. (That resulted in me being really sore for like 3 days.) My boyfriend works in the golf biz and we'd been watching the construction on this place like hawks for months. So glad it's finally open and so close to where we live!

We went during their soft opening last night. I know the first few days of a business being open can come with dealing with kinks, but all staff/service/amenities were completely up to par (GOLF PUNS!) and beyond. We were never left wanting for anything. Our gal came around plenty of times for food orders, drinks, refills and was awesome. She was also really knowledgeable about what they didn't quite have available on the menu, since they aren't 100% fully open to the public yet. A great touch. (Also? The bathrooms were PRISTINE.)

The food was pleasantly and surprisingly great. I had the nachos, which consisted of individual tortilla chips covered in "drunken beans" and topped with multiple cheeses (yes, queso dip is involved) and green and red jalapenos with servings of guac and pico for dipping. It was completely delicious. Boyfriend ordered the "mushi" (think mexican pin-wheel/sushi remix) that he said was outstanding and way more filling than it looked. I had two glasses of delicious and surprisingly strong strawberry/mint sangria that set us back $5 apiece. WHAT?

So, onto the actual reason of Topgolf: Golf games! Like I said, I don't participate but boyfriend and guys we were with loved it. It seemed glorious. You can either bring your clubs or used the standard ones they provide (for both men and ladies!) and choose between different games, i.e., hitting 5 balls in a row into each massive lit-up target on the range, hitting 1 ball into each target, distance competitions, etc. Each bay is fitted with a TV that follows your score and tracks your balls.

An aside: The view is freaking ridiculous. Camelback behind you, Talking Stick in front of you (which is all lit up in dancing neon lights now--I'm guessing they realized they have to make it look sweet with all the people staring right at the place while they hit balls.) All in all, this is such a fun place, and different than anything else available in the area for an afternoon/night out. Will it become super crowded/overrun with drunks during spring training? Absolutely! Will we totally enjoy ourselves during all other times of the year? Yes!