This is the BEST Mediterranean food in town. Without a shade of doubt. This is a Lebanese family owned business that takes incredible pride in the quality and authenticity of the food. This is the real deal folks. 

Located in a nondescript strip center next door to a smoke shop and down the way from the Scottsdale Gun Club, you would never guess that this little gem of a new restaurant is serving up such authentic and tasty delicacies.

The menu is HUGE with a large selection of VERY fresh salads all made and cut by hand to order. Mom is in the kitchen here fellow foodies, and let me say that mom is a hell of a cook!  This is a family business and son Mo is outgoing and happy to point out recommendations from the menu. 

This is NOT your typical strip shopping center Gyro joint. Not by a long shot!

Nothing fancy inside - fine with me as long as the food is good right? 

The true test of any place like this to me is the Baba and the Hummus, and you will not be disappointed here by the smokey and smooth Babaganoush that is served with a few slices of beets - and simply delicious. The pita are quite good, although I do wish that they would grill them a little rather then serving at room temp - a small gripe but I'm sure they can do it that way if you ask. 

The hummus is also super smooth and perfectly balanced without being too heavy - just the right texture and taste. 

I have tried the Shish Kafta - a staple in the Middle east with ground beef, onions spices and parsley grilled. Marvelous. 

The salads are also exceptional!

My faves so far are the Fatoosh and the Lebanese salads - very finely diced, red & ripe tomatoes, a little mint, hints of lemon ...excellent dressings - all made to order!  

My daughter ordered the Falafel sandwich and it was superb - not oily, not too dry...just right on the money with a wonderful flavor that reminded me of the street Falafel stands in Israel that are so good. 

They don't have their beer/wine license yet but apparently it is in the works in coming months. 

I give this place my highest recommendation - they have a big menu of specialties, meats, kabobs and some appetizers that will simply delight your taste buds and your tummy (+don't miss the new happy hour - appetizers 50% off from 2-5PM

Winner.