For the love of Ramen I was in slurp heaven. They had me at fresh made in store ramen noodles. To top that off their broth is made with chicken NOT pork and with NO MSG! Don't get me wrong I was a little hesitant when I read chicken broth because I have not found a ramen place that made good flavorful chicken broth for ramen but damn their Tori Paitan was FIRE!!! 

Tori Paitan - Amazeballs!! This is the chicken version of Tonkotsu. The broth is so super rich, creamy, and packed with delicious flavor that after slurping all of my noodles I wanted to drink all of the broth and lick my bowl clean. The noodles were made fresh and cooked perfectly. You can tell difference from fresh made noodles and store bought noodles. It wasn't undercooked and hard like the noodles I had at Monta. 

All ramen bowls include Bamboo, Chashu Pork, Shredded Green Onions, and half of a medium boiled egg. I loved the charred flavor that came with their chashu pork. We saw them searing them right in front of us in the kitchen. Bamboo was seasoned nicely too with a nice fresh crunch texture when you bite into it. Next time I'll ask if I can have soft boiled egg bc I love that oozing yolk porn to go with my ramen. 

Easy to find Ramen Hashi is located in the same plaza as the yummy Korean BBQ restaurant Hobak in between Jones and Lindell off of Spring Mt. You can't miss this place bc it's right next to the KFC plaza. The inside of this restaurant is long with bar seating on the right all the way down facing the kitchen. Looks like they may add some tables on the left or will soon need to when business picks up. 

This is definitely the place to go for a guilt free healthier version of Ramen. Their specialty is in their chicken broths with no MSG. Tori Paitan is a must try. Drinks are coke products, calpico, tea, or Asahi Beer. For dessert finish it off with their French macaron Ice Cream Sandwiches. I will be back again soon with all my chicken loving friends. Service was great. Our server and the chefs were nice and fast so we were out of there in no time which is a major plus. Ramen Hashi has made it to my top 3 favorite Ramen places next to Ramen Sora and Jinya. Enjoy everyone!