Fabulous!  Came here with friends who made arrangements for a dinner party of 20, so we had a set menu and for the price point I was so excited to try this place because I have heard such good things.  I will say I would of never ordered a few of the items on our set menu and I am so glad I tried them.  
1st - Salmon with shaved veggies tossed in the house vinaigrette paired with the Montsantis Rose Cava, Spain -  the wine was Awesome!!!  Just a tad too much salmon for me but if you are a salmon lover this is your salad.
2nd - Traditional Sicilian Arancini - which is Italian Rice Balls and I would of never have ordered them from the menu.  They were delicious - can't wait to go back and order them again. Paired with Sur Sur Grillo Sicily, Italy wine - this wine was okay the Rose Cava still my fav.
3rd - Nonna Handmade Tagliatelle Bolognese - ummmmm CIAO/HELLO! This dish was simply divine.  The flavors in this dish is making my mouth water as I am writing this review.  The fact they make their own pasta just takes this dish to a new level.  I was happy I had left overs so I could have for lunch the next day.  This was paired with Terre De Trinci Sangiovese Umbira, Italy.  Great combo!
Last but not least the Chef's Dessert Assortment - I really thought I died and went to dessert heaven - it was a total surprise that we 3 different desserts and they made one for each of us to try.  REALLY?  They had chocolate chocolate ball which was rich and delightful...perfect with coffee, then she brought out this strawberry parfait concoction and finally and my favorite the mandarin orange individual pie.  The presentation was simply beautiful the colors and all the season fruits made this a great dining experience.   

Establishment:  it's a little hard to find as it's tucked away from Main St. thank goodness they have a Nonna's sign to point you to their restaurant.  Best to park in the parking structure next to Mission/Los Olivos and just walk it's free. Nonna's is small they do have patio seating but once it gets hot -summer time the seating will be limited.  

Can't wait to come back.  Loved it!