i'm with sarah.  i don't know why people are so critical of this place.  the food is good and the service is under control.  so considering there are like 5 places in champaign to eat a nice meal, you should definitely enter jim gould's into your rotation.  food of note:  their pancakes get paraded to all of my out of town guests, i swear they are the best i've ever had including any pancake house which claims these as their specialty.  for lunch you should try the salmon, it's got a very yummy (and i generally don't like salmon) pistachio dill glaze over it which is delightful.  for dinner go with the seared yellow fin tuna if you like that sort of thing, you'll be pleased.  sunday brunch is good because it has a nice selection of fresh options combined with the usual brunchy foods.  but the tables are a bit crowded so you should specify when you make a reservation that you want a booth.  if you can get one, you'll be protected from the crowd.ask to sit at the window and on a nice evening you will enjoy all the revived activity in downtown champaign.  their coffee is a tad on the weak side so just don't expect anything to wake you up.

1/26/07 edit
ok, last night we had a great dinner...perfect ginormous shrimp cocktail, they could have even tried the "prawn" thing but hey this is champaign, fresh ceviche, that pistachio thing they put on the salmon...i'm telling you...yu-um...but then out of nowhere came this mountain of puffed pleasure.  jim and his beautiful wife tanya happended to be eating there as well and decided to hoodwink my fitness plan by sending out this platter (we do have 3 children) of warm beignets covered in sugar and surrounded by these perfect little scoops of raspberry ice-cream.  then to make matters worse there was this delectable icing drizzled all over the platter underneath the beignets.  Now let me tell you something, i can normally pass up stuff like this when i'm focused however, this ice cream could go head to head with the best i've ever had including real italian gelato.  when someone figures out a way to bring up the real essence of a fruit and then let it linger on your tongue while you're enjoying the perfect weight of cream from the medium, you have to celebrate this.  A serious hidden treasure, i would have never known this existed.  i'm thinking lunch at jim gould's today just so i can get on some of that ice cream again...who cares about fitness when this ice cream is living in champaign!