Food, service and ambiance were all perfection. We came here as a "just 'cause" date night because well, sometimes you want to be fancy, and this was one of those times.

Our servers, Kyle and Vincent, were amazingly attentive and were good for a bit of joking around, but weren't bugging us at any point. the dining room was nice and quiet (but not dead or boring or anything), and the hostess was nice enough to accommodate us at a table where we could sit side by side versus across from each other (it's how we like to eat ha), so despite being a party of two, she gave us a lovely 4 seater by the windows and we snuggled up to each other while we chatted and waited for all the food to come out. Once it did, we definitely needed to sit further apart to make room for the sheer volume of food we were going to put away.

We ordered the T-Bone, Bone-In Sirloin (both Med Rare); Wild Mushrooms, Baked Potato, Au Poivre Sauce; with Heineken (him) and Dry Prosecco (me) to drink, and the flourless chocolate cake for dessert. 

While I've eaten at Ruth's Chris (different location) before, my partner never had and loves steaks, but had never had one of such high quality. We enjoyed taking bites of each other's steaks and it was fun to see that they were both so different and yet so delicious. I'd almost consider getting mine rare next time, the quality is just divine. The mushrooms had a wonderful, garlic-infused buttery sauce they were drowning in and well a baked potato is just great comfort food. Small things made this so much fun, simple things like the knifework on the chives on top of our baked potato (seriously, so fine and delicate) just made me feel like we were eating well, and oh my god, we were wedged by the time we were done with our mains, but I insisted on dessert because I'm a human being, and flourless chocolate cake is not something i'm saying no to (and I pretty much never, ever order dessert. First time in 2016 I've done it). 

the cake is gorgeous, dense, and served with a rasberry puree and a fresh strawberry. no critique, just wonderful. 

Some people are concerned about upscale dining due to portions so I'll tell you now - this is not at all going to be a problem at Ruth's. Even my 'smaller' sirloin was 14oz, the tbone is between 20-24oz. If we did it again (oh and bet your ass we will), we'd get one steak or a smaller steak for one of us, and just one side, there just isn't enough room in the average couple to consume two of their steaks, two of their sides, dessert, and a glass or two of beer/wine. My partner had i think 3 beers, but i just had one glass, so that may impact our total, but all in with all our drinks, food, and addon sauce, it came out to about $250, so $300 after tip. We are not rich folk, but it is worth every damn penny. I'd say if we eased up on how much we ordered we'd be as satiated but could make it even more reasonable. And yes, to me, this experience for just $300 canadian, is definitely reasonable. it's absolutely luxurious, fun, and the portions are endless (i'm eating part 1 of 2 of our leftovers as I write this). 

Thanks so much to Kyle, Vincent, and the rest of the Ruth's Chris family for making our evening so memorable.