Sorry, long review but I was actually skeptical about Barrio before I tried it! Everyone had recommended it but I wasn't entirely convinced that it'd be worth it being from California. Boy was I wrong. But I was probably sold when I was introduced to the Tres Amigos. I mean, who can resist trying unique twists on guacamole? It also helps that I can order two $3 build your own tacos and be completely satisfied. They also give you tortilla chips and salsa, of course.

 I love the fact that you can customize your order. (Also hate it because you can sometimes miss the taste factor if you get the wrong combination of ingredients). It's also overwhelming because I LOVE sauces and immediately want to add them all. Luckily, I was with seasoned Barrio customers and they called me off my impending saucy (and probably soggy) taco. 

Can we also talk about the guacamole!? This just tugs at my California girl heart. My favorite is the Tuscan guac. Something about the sweet balsamic sauce mixed with the basil on the salty tortilla chip just hits the spot. They also have the pineapple guac but it doesn't surpass the Tuscan one for me. Especially when the chunks of pineapple get scooped out of the bowl and accidentally fall on the table. The smoked salmon special was also great when they had it, though a little salty. The new special as of March is the cauliflower leek guac. Honestly, I don't think the cauliflower goes well with the guac - it gives it a sort of a smelly vegetable taste? (If that's a thing). The fried leeks on top were a nice touch but didn't add to the guac at all, and overall, it just tasted like salty avocados. They've always been so great about us asking to split the Tres Amigos between our group of three to four usually. 

I've been to the Tremont and the one in downtown Cleveland. If it's cold and you're coming during peak hours, you probably don't want to go to the Tremont one because you might be huddled by the door, or if you don't like to be pushed and feel like you're in the way, we stood outside while we waited. At least the one in downtown has a bigger waiting area, plus the arcade area has some tables and chairs. We took our buzzer there for a few minutes to get out of the way and then went back when we felt like we might be called. Not sure if the buzzer reaches there, but the area is right next to Barrio if you want to take a chance. Or, if you find space at the bar, you can get your drink on. 

They just added a few new things to the menu! I had to try the garlic cream shrimp - AMAZING. They also added a few new sauces.