Roots is a food truck that has taken a deep hold of the Queen City and me, so I'm just gonna put it out there: This is simply the best food truck I've had the pleasure of dining from to date.

The concept is simple and part of a growing trend: cooking with locally-sourced foods that are seasonal and allowed to ripen fully to deliver a product with superior quality and taste.  

The skill in the kitchen is exceptional.  Head chef Craig Barbour  and his team have a laser-like focus on bringing out the best of the season's offerings by combining flavors that boast of freshness and delight the palate with contrasts.  For example, summer's bounty brings heirloom tomatoes roasted and then drizzled with a balsamic reduction and finished with basil.  Or how about a watermelon gazpacho with lime infused creme fraiche?  The preparation here is always elevated just a bit and takes that menu item onto another level.  Another example: Local pork chorizo taco with blueberry chipotle and cucumber fennel salad.  The final product tastes as good as it sounds.  In short, this is a foodie's delight and these guys manage to do it routinely, with gusto.  

Too bad you can only find them for lunch during the mid-week and then a couple special events for evenings.  Do follow them on Twitter and/or Facebook to stay updated.  Craig maintains an e-mail list with a routine listing of the day's menu and there next stops.  Lunch at 3rd and Tryon is available Tuesday thru Thursday.

I'd also recommend their website for information about their whereabouts and their cooking classes, which have an increased following.  If these classes produce anything like a typical menu on their cart, then it's worth your while.  

While other food carts tend to have a few specialties and do them well, Roots changes things up and continues to impress.  Despite its small size, this cart has huge abilities.  If you like the local food movement, search these guys out.  If you happen to just stroll by them one day, do your taste buds a favor and try something, anything.  If you like good food, let Roots take hold over you too.