We just moved to Phoenix from Colorado. In Boulder there are tons of Indian food and Nepali places to choose from and my family is also Nepali, so when it comes to that style of food, I know what I am looking for.

So when my husband and I were in the mood for some home-cooked food (we dont have a kitchen yet) we yelped up the best restaurant and drove about 45 minutes to get there. When we got to Indian Paradise it was just after 5 so we were the first ones in there. We ordered daal, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, garlic naan and vegetable samosas.  We are always wary of trying new places for Indian cuisine because we are soo often disappointed, but this restaurant was a very pleasant surprise. It was really very delicious. Some of the best chicken tikka I have ever had. I ordered mine at medium spice but I probably could have had it more spicy. I also tried the chicken curry that the hubby ordered and it was very delicious!! We were very very pleased with the food over-all and will most definitely go back even though it was more expensive.

The staff was also very nice. We told (I'm assuming) the owner that we were new and we found this place on yelp and he was very happy about that. We asked of some places to go with some hindu culture and he graciously gave us some ideas. He also gave us his card and told us to call if we needed help finding anything culture based. 

The only down side was that I DID get some dirty looks from a woman who pulled up in a yellow corvette. I'm assuming she just is not very well cultured. We eat Indian food with our hands because that is how it is meant to be eaten. I swear it tastes better that way! Ask anyone from India or Nepal and I guarantee you they do eat with their hands and will show you the technique. So when we had been craving some home cooked food I decided I was going to eat it how it tasted best. The dirty looks were well worth it though because the food was SOOOOOO good. Completely satisfying. I am very very glad that we made the drive up there (we live all the way at baseline and central). The left-overs the next day were awesome! We will definitely be back.