The only thing I love more than a $50 steak is a $50 steak I'm not paying for. I genuinely love this set of friends that comes to town from time to time and not just because they buy me nice meals; they love good meals and they invite me to go out with them to places I would never ordinarily go. N9NE wasn't even in my bookmarks--that's how much I never thought I would go there--but I really enjoyed my time and food. 

Compliments of the chef because my friends are just that cool: rock shrimp and buffalo chicken wontons. Not a huge shellfish fan but when it's breaded and fried I suppose I can get behind it. The buffalo chicken wontons were awesome but I probably wouldn't order them. I would rather save stomach room for steak and salad, or a steak salad if such a thing exists here. 

I started with the soup du jour, tomato bisque. This was among the greatest tomato soups I have ever had--it had a strong tomato flavor, but you could also tell it was very carrot-y and bell pepper-y. It was served with a little grilled cheese, too... Comfort food at its very finest. 

I had a bite of a goat cheese salad and the bacon Caesar. The bacon on the Caesar was so smokey and delicious. More melt-in-your-mouth than M&Ms, I tell ya. It was like eating campfire, but in the best way possible. I would get this if I were to ever go back. 

My filet arrived--medium rare because I'm from the Midwest and why would I ruin a cut of meat by overcooking it? If you're still ordering above medium rare, ur doin it rong. It had a really light sauce on it which I liked because it didn't overpower the meat. The steak itself was charred to perfection and was good. I won't say excellent because again, I'm from the Midwest and we know steak there, but it was a really delicious piece of meat.

For dessert, again compliments of the chef, we had three choices, but the standout was the s'mores creation station. We all agreed that we feel sorry for people who only get to make s'mores off of little gas gel pots and barbecue grills...campfires are the way to go on this one. But how fun and spectacular that they have this little end of meal treat.

Service was awesome--we were joking with our servers all night long and they kept throwing things on our table free of charge. I can't say to expect that from every server and every table, but it's definitely good to know people.

I probably won't be back because hey, I'm not made of money, but I really enjoyed my experience here and if you want a huge splurge, go for it.