Had I written this after my first visit, it would have been a 3 star review. While showing great potential, the second entrée from that first time was so distant from my expectation that I was hugely disappointed. Lucky for me I came back to more fairly balance my experience here.

Trip 1---Chopped Sweet Cabbage with Sausage: $7.25
   Tender cabbage chunks, red and green bell peppers, onions and spices in a thin but rich tomato broth that could qualify this as soup, although the cook just called it "the juices". Added is half the sausage, sliced into discs, with the remainder left intact for presentation. Finely ground and well spiced, this sausage had a bold but not intrusive smokiness that permeates the "juices" to a remarkable degree. Thrown in was a basic bread roll for sopping and I was good to go. Worth every penny.
   WARNING: I highly recommend bringing a lipped baking sheet or pan to transport this dish home. Danuta kept eyeing the foam clamshells as she packed them in a plastic bag and suggested I keep the package level, then went on to say that I should probably also support it from the bottom. As soon as I did, the hot juice rushed out of the top clam. Miraculously, the bag didn't leak, but it could make a nasty mess in your vintage Mercedes.. At best, this hot tsunami was very uncomfortable in my hand.

Trip 1---Two Stuffed Cabbage Rolls: $7.25
   Even with making broad allowance for variations in recipes, this item didn't remotely resemble my life experience with cabbage rolls. Made with a nice brown rice, I honestly couldn't find ANY ground beef, as indicated on the menu, or as most recipes contain.
   What I got was two large rice balls with onion, wrapped in a super thin cabbage leaf with a fairly bland tomato sauce. While tasty in their own right, the product I received was neither the meat nor the veg version from the menu. Because this item has positive reviews from others, I'll have to ask the very busy but accommodating owner(s) what's up with that. It shouldn't take a lab analysis to find a primary, traditional ingredient, but that's what it felt like I needed.. I'll update if clarified.

Trip 2---The Wednesday Weekly Special:   Beef Roulade---$10.00
   While the wish I had for the cabbage rolls was basic, my expectation of beef roll-ups is both critical and specific. I was hoping  for what I consider the Classic recipe: beef pounded thin; wrapping  bacon, onion, and pickle, then finished with a delectable pan gravy, plus sides. I've been lucky to have had this early and repeatedly throughout my days and, as the movie "The 100 Foot Journey" said so simply and true, "food is memories." Dis def dat.

To The Chase--the first fork of real mashed (mush, per the menu) potatoes with a most splendid home gravy was  thoroughly heartwarming, as though this stuff was virtually healing a need I wasn't even aware I had. And that was just the potatoes and gravy.
   The red cabbage "side'" was the perfect counterpoint to the inherent richness of the dish, as planned. Neither sweet nor sour, but more so, delicately refreshing, and unique "to the house."
   And The Roulade--Absolutely-Perfect. The Classic. Fork Tender. Sized Right. With Pickle And Bacon, et al.
    And if you'd like to get to Heaven before you actually die, race (er.. proceed prudently) just five minutes north along Cave Creek Road to the Dairy Queen to pair with your favorite milkshake or malt.