Now this is living the good life.... I stayed here with my parents and my husband (yep in 1 room... honestly it helped to save money for gambling, lol) during the summer in one room, the Bella Suite (which came with 2 queen size beds). We had a short weekend trip to celebrate one of my mom's client's businesses. 

The room itself was really perfect for 4 people, as we had 2 beds and the couch itself was surprisingly comfortable enough to sleep on as well (this was before my husband and I were married). This room was pretty big, especially much bigger than the rooms I usually would stay in, but figured to splurge on a nice room since I was traveling w/ my folks (yep, they are worth the money and so much more), and plus we were able to get a special discounted group rate as well. 

What I loved about this room, besides the spacious room itself, was the huge bathroom! Double doors to enter the restroom with a huge vanity mirror. I remember opening the double doors the first time upon entering the room and it made me feel all fancy, lol. I also liked that there were dual sinks in the restroom as well so that 1 person can brush their teeth while the other person can wash their face or something in the morning or evening. It was kind of neat to see a TV in the restroom too. 

The bed itself was comfortable, but I would prefer a firmer mattress (but that is just my own preference). Plenty of clean sheets and pillows, so no problems here. 

Upon checking in, we had no problems at all. In fact, we were able to wait in the special business line since we were staying here for my mom's client's celebration (where she was able to reserve a number of rooms for her employees and guests to stay at) so we didn't have to wait at all. Also it was a nice touch that we had valet as well (Complimentary)... rolling in style!

Now on to the hotel itself... What I love about the Venetian Hotel is the layout and design of the hotel itself. I love the grand canal shops and architect that replicates part of Italy. To be honest, I am not that much of a gambler (but yes, even in Vega$ I may dabble in a little bit here and there... sometimes lady luck is by my side) so I really like to just come here (if I am not staying in a room here) to walk around and shop or look around. 

A few things though I must mention is that I wish this place was pet friendly so that I can bring my dogs with me (I ALWAYS bring my dogs with me when I travel to Vega$ since it is so close to Southern California) and stay here again. I also wished this was a smoke free hotel like the Trump Hotel... but I understand, this place has to make a business, so I am accepting of that. But every time I walk through this hotel, I have to rewash my hair again before I sleep to get rid of that disgusting smoke out. Also, I am just not a fan of letting my lungs be filled w/ smoke that could possibly one day kill me (a little extreme, I know... but just trying to make a point... and yes I realize Vega$ is not a smoke free place). 

Overall, beautiful hotel with exceptional accommodations (just not for the those traveling w/ their furry pets) and I would recommend to anyone (plus during the week day, nightly room rates are pretty reasonable for the size of the room you are getting).