Yet ANOTHER place I LOVE in Charlotte and wish existed in Columbia! If I lived in Charlotte, there is no doubt I would be a regular here! 

For anyone who's traveled abroad and hit those beachy bar restaurants where time stops and no one is in a rush, everyone is up to talk, and you just feel like you're on vacation. Well that's Cuisine Malaya in a nutshell. The entire staff, from bartender to manager to server, is sooo nice and sooo laid back. The service was comparable to that of what I've received in some of the best travel spots. Two of us in our party got there early so we waited at the bar, had wine, and hung out with the staff. Killing close to an hour never went by so fast. Seriously we had so much fun with the Cuisine Malaya folks that it was almost a bit of a disappointment when the rest of our group showed up and we had to move to our table! 

The food is just as amazing as the service (thank you Carrie!). For our party of six, we had several appetizers, wine, many entrees, and dessert. I won't list every single thing we ordered but I will say EVERYTHING was delicious. The highlights for me were the roti telur appetizer. If you like Indian food, this will make you smile. It's basically an Indian pancake (savory, not sweet!) that comes with a cup of curry sauce to dip it in. The flavor was not too strong and the amount of oil they used was just right, not overly greasy/fattening. The other MAJOR hit for me was the tofu lemongrass entrée. It has such a punch to it, the second you put a spoon of it in your mouth, you will feel a spark. Absolutely DE-licious! For spice lovers out there, Cuisine Malaya is a haven. Our table included one Indian (me), four Liberians, and one white woman (who says she has a black woman inside of her and has the spice tolerance of an Indian!). We all LOVE spicy food and they had no problem catering to our pallets. We got so many chili paste refills, I lost track! The other thing I want to point out is that they have some of THE best wine I've ever had. We had two bottles of their Takar Plum Wine, which is sweet, rich and made in Japan. I think only one person in our group was reserved on this, everyone else had a minimum of two glasses. I also had their Chateau St. Michelle Reisling and it was dangerously good. I mean, you will taste no trace of alcohol, just sugary sweetness. At times I felt like I was drinking a great non-alcoholic drink and took big gulps. You WILL get a buzz so drink with caution! And lastly, dessert! Aaaaah, the cherry on the top to this magical dining out experience! We got their pancakes with peanut ice cream and it was to die for. I may be butchering what it's called but it's the only dessert choice that has peanut butter flavor in it and it will create a dance party in your mouth. Soooooooo good! 

My suggestion if you plan to go here is to order food family style, sample as much as you can (you will be satisfied!) and start with less and build up. We didn't realize how HUGE their portion sizes are and got way more than what we could eat, we all ended up taking carry out boxes with us. One entrée can easily feed two. If you're not that hungry, then it could even stretch and fill up three. And if you do drink, plan ahead and figure out a DD. This place has a SUPERB wine selection, you can really lose yourself and before you know it, drown down 3-4 drinks very quickly. 

Finally, my parting words on what's turning out to be a super long review, is: Eat, drink, and be Merry! Cuisine Malaya will afford you all three!