*Continue reading for sappy story 
I needed to come back and write another review for yall and here's why: you are all spectacular. Every one of you. Every staff member I've encountered, everything on your menu, the atmosphere, every single thing. Even the things that I typically don't enjoy (your meatloaf is amazing and I hate meatloaf). On Yelp I am considered a regular at Arrogant Butcher because I stop by on a weekly basis (even though its usually just for your dessert 90% of the time). I always order the caramel pudding- I swear I tell everyone how amazing the pudding is and literally it makes me happy just to eat that lol there's crack in there, yall. 

So I wanted to tell you what happened yesterday. I reached a really low point in my life (I will exclude the details), and I needed to get out of the apartment. I didn't want to be alone but I didn't want to call a friend and I was so upset that I was in tears. I pulled myself together and went downstairs to The Arrogant Butcher to make myself happy with that pudding again. I sat down outside by myself at a table for two within 5 minutes time even though it was clearly busy. My waiter came around and asked me what I wanted but I could barely speak words so I told him to surprise me with whatever dessert and whatever drink and he brought me the most thoughtfully created dessert platter- consisting of: Blueberry Cheesecake, Hot Chocolate Cake, and Caramel Pudding with a Blood Orange Paloma to wash it all down- it was a presentation! The platter had hand written labels differentiating the desserts with spoons to go along each and even a smiley face :) 

The thing is that even though it was a busy time at TAB, they stopped at nothing to make me feel like I was the only person there, while simultaneously handling the busy crowd around me and I felt 300% better after leaving. I'm never going to stop coming here.

Dessert & Drink Details: 
Blueberry Cheesecake: Cheesecake served in a mason topped with blueberry compote and graham cracker streusel.
Hot Chocolate Cake: A warm chocolate cake concoction (I can't ever tell if there's caramel in the middle but it sure tastes like it and is amazing- perhaps just a really moist center?), topped with a homemade sweet vanilla whip (Chantilly). Served in a mason.
Salted Caramel Pudding: A thick salty-sweet caramel flavored pudding topped with a sweet vanilla whip (Chantilly also?) and crack sprinkles, I swear. Served in a mason. 
Blood Orange Paloma: A clever mix of a grapefruit flavored Izze (that's the spritz), blood orange liquor, lime, and tequila. 

Love you guys.