I have had my eye on this place for a long, long time. And why I waited so freaking long, I have absolutely no clue.

We pulled into the parking lot and I thought I would just run in and see if they had a to go menu so we could look over a menu to see if we truly wanted to eat here. They didn't have one but the lady told me to take my time and look over one of their menus. 

Instead, I just went back to the car and told my hunny and son to come in. I mean we were here already, why not. 

They were pretty busy when we first got there, or so I thought.  Time would teach me very well that I was wrong in my assumption.

Glancing over the menus, they have a good selection of items. Mostly Korean with hint of Hawaiian items. What won me over is that they had American items for me to choose from for my son. 

I settled on the hot rock bi mi map and my hunny got a regular bi mi map and for an appetizer we order Mandu. The kiddo got fries.

While we were waiting on our Mandu we were served some boiled peanuts which were so good. Art kind of looked at them weird because he had never had them but once he tried one he couldn't stop eating them.

Next came our cabbage kimchi, radish kimchi, sesame bean sprouts, and some kind of stir fried hot dog.

I am a HUGE KIMCHI FREAK. This stuff was amazing. Other than it needing more heat (for my taste) it was extremely flavorful and still crunchy. I basically inhaled Kimchi and kept eying a jar that they had filled in fridge with that stuff and wondered how much they would have sold that jar to me for. 

I concentrated on the kimchi for so long, I didn't realize that Art had ate almost all the mandu and bean sprouts. Mandu had come out sometime while  I was lost in heaven eating that kimchi.

I was pleasantly surprised with the mandu. I didn't know what to expect for the filling but it was a noodle, veggie mixture deep fried in a pot sticker wrapper. They were hot and crunchy on the outside and soft and delicious on the inside. 

My hot rock bi mi map came out and you could just hear the sizzle and smell the rice getting slightly burnt and crunchy. They dressed my bi mi map once it arrived to the table and that was nice. 

Art's bi mi map came in a huge white bowl and looked almost better than mine but I knew that I had the crispy rice to look forward to. My egg was slightly under cooked so it could finish cooking in the hot rock. My mouth is literally salivating now just thinking about it. It had a nice combo of meat and veggies in it. I meant to take a picture of it but I couldn't stop eating it.

When they brought out my son's fries they were sure to tell me that they didn't put any salt on it. I thought this was very considerate. They even brought him an otter pop at the end of our meal.

I don't know if our bowls were too big or we filled our selves on kimchi, peanuts and beansprouts and mandu but we had to go take half of our bi mi maps to go.

This place was a big hit for me and the fact that it was a huge hit for my hunny says a lot too. He doesn't love Asian food as much as me, so this definitely says a lot. 

The only downfall to this place is that they are small and get crowded, I mean no seats available crowded FAST! At least they did the night we were there. 

We will definitely be back. There are no ifs ands or butts about this. I want to go back and try some of that fried fish and bulgolgi I was eying on other plates.