Borobudur Resto Indonesian is in the Crossroads Farmers Market, right across from Roxy's Burger bar and right beside chicken and waffles. Borobudur is a true hidden gem - you could walk right past it if you didn't know about them. I noticed their sign while I was looking for something to eat at the Market - hmmm Indonesian food.... I went to investigate. They have a menu hanging up where you can view pictures with descriptions. Chicken, beef, vegetarian, soup dishes were offered as well as a display of samosas ready to take.

They had a special on the day I was visiting called the Balinese Platter. It looked great so my sister and I both ordered it. I didn't want it to be spicy so I asked for more peanut sauce in place of the spicy sauce. The lady told us that it would be 10 minutes so we went to have a seat. Not a minute longer than 10 minutes, the lady brought our platters out to us and it looked delicious. 

Our order came in a basket plate type thing covered with wax paper which was neat. The Balinese platter came with bali spiced roast chicken, a balinese ground chicken skewer, salad, fried peanut, egg and yellow rice. Mine came with a bunch of peanut sauce drizzled on top while my sisters had a little peanut drizzled over her dish with some spicy sauce on top of her egg. WOW, is this place ever good. The peanut sauce was smooth with a nice sweet peanut flavor that mixed well with everything. The spiced roast chicken was very flavorful, not spicy spicy - the fried peanut on top was a nice crisp. The chicken skewer wasn't like anything I tried before. I took a bite and I can see the flakes of coconut incorporated in the ground chicken, it was great! I can taste the coconut and spices in the skewer, the meat was a bit on the dry side but the flavor made up for this.

Overall, we loved the food here. The flavors were unique but super delicious. The peanut sauce is a MUST...I would put that sh*t on everything! ;) After finishing our meals, we brought the baskets back and the ladies asked how everything was and were very thankful and happy we enjoyed every bite.

I would highly recommend trying this place out if you want something deliciously different. No question that I will be back!