My family has lived in this area for decades and Bearden's has also been around for decades (mostly) so we have eaten in several incarnations of this place.  I remember the Bearden's of my childhood in the late 60s/ early 70s as a dark and slightly dingy place with bears on the sign and napkins, little trains running around the ceiling (if they were working that day) and uneven quality of both food and service.  

The current rejuvenated edition of Beardens is, in my opinion, a vast improvement.  It's bright, light and shiny white, like a modernized version of a retro 50s diner.  Lots of booths in addition to some tables. You order at the counter, which reduces the risk of bad table service, and they've kept all the bears and little trains.(By the way, as a little girl and a big girl, I LOVED THE TRAINS.)    Your food comes in a plastic basket similar to old-time drive-ins.  

Personally, I'm impressed that they kept this place going since its neighborhood is not a hot area for restaurants and is wealthy enough that maintaining this location is probably expensive.  I imagine that nostalgic loyalty is part of the draw, but also the burgers and fries are great if you like that kind of burger and fries - I do!  The burgers are on the thin and greasy side.  I love 'em.  If you prefer the thick, rare-in-the-middle, mile-high, topped-with-fresh-veggies burgers, perhaps on some fancy brioche or pretzel bun o' the moment, go somewhere else, but please understand that not all of us like 'em that way. Me for the nice, wide, flat  burger, on a traditional burger bun, with pickle and a side of crispy (not limp) fries.  The milkshakes are on the retro thin side here too which made my mom happy because she does not like thick milkshakes and cannot get them up her straw.  Onion rings are crispy and battered and do not taste like they came from a bag or a microwave. 

There are many creative toppings offered for burgers here but as you may have guessed I'm a very basic burger person.  A cheeseburger or a peanut-butter-topped burger with pickles (the traditional specialty of the house here) does me just fine.  Overall I leave quite happy with my meal and with the fact that I did not have to drive to some trendy foodie bar area or go to an overhyped overpriced chain like 5 Guys for a burger, especially since Bearden's has its own fairly spacious parking lot so no need to finagle with traffic congestion, street parking or meters.  

Some of the older people I know who remember the old Bearden's have complained that they don't like having to order at the counter or not having table service (although a waitress did bring over some of our food and also checked up on us to make sure we had all needed condiments, etc.  during our last visit - I'd note that this was during a time when restaurant was not very busy).  This is not a problem if you take at least one able-bodied person to make runs to the counter.  I don't know if I would want to bring little kids here though.  People do, but it's not really a "kiddie" kind of place, since the prices are higher than your typical McDonalds and also the dining room is small and kids hollering or running in the aisles are going to be in everyone's hair.  In short, I like the place and give 4 stars for food and another star for effort and persistence in keeping a local business on the map.