My husband works near here so I yelped to find a pizza place we could try on his lunch break.  My search led me to Biaggio's and I'm thrilled that it did!  

The restaurant is not big but it has a nice, inviting feel to it.  Big booths and comfortable seating.  The display case showcases pizza pies, specialty slices, drinks, and their Boar's Head products (hubby's favorite).  

It was the owner, Biaggio himself, who greeted us with a smile and a, "thanks for stopping in."  This was just our first taste of the excellent service we received.  

We chose a booth and received drinks immediately.  My husband was between a meatball hero and the Secret BLT that he had seen on the website.  He ultimately went with the BLT, we ordered garlic knots, and a small cheese pie.  

It took a little while for our food to arrive, but worth the short wait!  The garlic knots were perfectly soft with a crisp and the marinara sauce was delicious.  My husband LOVED his BLT.  The pizza was very satisfying... and you all know by now that I'm a NY'er and my pizza standards are high.  I'm also not losing my touch for recognizing a good slice.  The crust was fantastic - it was crispy and crunchy but foldable and, to some NY'ers, if you can't comfortably fold it it's a total deal breaker.

Oh!  And I almost forgot to mention the zeppoles.  Now, they're not as light and fluffy as I remember them back at my stomping grounds.   But they are deliciously smothered in powdered sugar and served with a raspberry dipping sauce as well as a vanilla(?) sauce that creates a delightfully sweet raspberries and cream dip.  Biaggio took the time to tell us the best way to dip (first in the raspberry and then in the creamy vanilla dip) and this combo was delectable.  My husband preferred to eat them without the dip but he's not a "sweets" person.  

I can't speak on the taste of this, but I noticed that they offer gluten free options, and I know this is often hard to come by.  

The owner came by to check on us a couple of times with a very delightful and friendly demeanor.  I felt like an old friend of the restaurant, not a first-time customer.  My husband told the owner that he was initially between the BLT and the meatball hero, which he had surmised was the best around based solely on yelp reviews.  My husband mentioned that he hadn't found a fully satisfying meatball hero since moving here and was looking forward to trying it next time.  Moments later Biaggio returned with a plate in hand and gave my husband a Biaggio's meatball to try.  What a nice gesture and we were so excited to try it.  It was incredible, and I'm not even a meatball person.  

Delivery in the valley is tricky.  Not everyone does it and, when they do, you're not sure where they'll deliver to.  Biaggio's delivers ALL OVER the valley.  Want to try it but live in Henderson??  Go for it.  They promise your food will be deliciously hot and fresh when it arrives.  

Can't wait to return to you, Biaggio's!  Thank you for the kind and hospitable service and delicious eats.