Let's review your options in Tempe.

You can brave the traffic and half-human barbie cyborgs on Mill Ave for Coffee Plantation or Three Roots Cafe.

You can sit in a tiny cafe decorated by your mom's PTA board and drink watery drinks at Gold Bar.

You can rock out to AC/DC and Iron Maiden while sipping a latte at Xtreme Bean.

Or, you might stumble into Steve's Espresso.  This is not the greatest location, nor is everything absolutely perfect. But viewed in context with their competition, I've found Steve's to be the absolute best in town for a number of reasons.

1.  The coffee flavored coffee is amazing.  Steve uses french press for his coffee and the difference is tangible.  Steve's is home to the smoothest cup of coffee I've ever had.  I'd advise anyone with acid reflux or heartburn to try his java.

2.  The espresso drinks have that perfect balance of coffee and flavor.   I've personally watched the baristas (and Steve himself) throw out shots that didn't meet their standards (ie, a lot of crema).

3.  The atmosphere is great.  Urban and upscale, but not pretentious.  They keep a steady stream of eclectic and soothing music playing, and the lighting is great.  

4.  You can work here.  Steve's is quiet enough to get work done.  They really seem to cater to the grad student and professional- every table along any wall is outfitted with its own powerstrip.  There are two wireless networks available- one in-house and one from Peter Piper.  

5.  The prices.  A large sugar-free vanilla latte cost me $3.65.  Try that at Starbucks and you'll pay over $4, same thing at Gold Bar or Xtreme Bean.

6.  The temptations.  Try a pumpkin muffin.  I hate cinnamon as a general rule, but even I can't resist these pumpkin-pie-tasting wonders.  They're huge too.  Seriously, I crave them.

So, what's not perfect here?  I only have one gripe- the wireless is so damned slow that webpages sometimes time out.  I don't know if the neighbors are stealing access or what, but it's by far the slowest WiFi I've gotten in a Tempe coffee shop.  I ran a bandwidth test and got about 120 kbps, as compared with 800kbps at Xtreme Bean.

Nonetheless, it's free and completely unrelated to the best thing about the place- the coffee.  As a professor, I give Steve a 98 out of 100.

UPDATE:

If you went to Steve's on my recommendation of their pumpkin muffins, I am sad to report that they've cut them in half.  They still taste great, but what used to be a pretty large muffin is now slightly smaller than average.  Bummer.