Let me tell you a story about a place formerly named "Tom's Thumb"

If nothing more, ya gotta try it to say you had lunch or dinner in a Car Wash/Gas Station.  The kind of place that makes you want to pass the vittles across the green felted dining table with pool cues.  And if that's what it takes to get you there, then I've provided a good service today.  You're welcome.

Hopefully all I really need to do is tell you I've had fantastic pork and brisket meals here - every time I wonder why I don't come more often.  I'm fixing that now.  

I took a friend last time, and I was totally impressed with my lunch, and gained many MANY friend points with a new Phoenix resident.  No skimping ANYWHERE.  I had the Brown Bag Special. It's their pulled pork sandwich with chips and a regular drink.  I upgraded to fries.  The bun was fresh and perfect.  Large by lunch standards.  A very large scoop (a Heaping Helping?) of pulled pork - moist and delicious ... and an ample amount of perfectly cooked fries served hot.  Their varied sauces (on their sauce bar) are fantastic - I felt a little disloyal as I tried to sample every one of them - and even though I loved one, I'd move on to the next one, just to love it as well.  

Anyway - the menu is very good, priced appropriately.  Service - fantastic.  Our server appeared to truly enjoy his job, and checked back to see if we needed anything - great hospitality.  Awesome!  

There are a ton of things in the store for folks to check out - reminds me of "Cracker Barrel" without the "made in china" feeling (no - I'm sure it's all made in the good ol' US of A, but it always looks mass produced there).  Here - the perfect place to find that "one of a kind" gift for your mom, grandma, or anyone with a sense of humor or has a country feel to their home.  Lots of seasonal decor items as well.

This summer - I think for my annual pool party - I'm going to save myself some work - and put in an order at The Thumb for catering.  I'm salivating thinking of the great food - and the ability to spend more time with my friends, and less in the kitchen!

All summed up - I'm thinking the Ballad of Jed Clampett (Modified) is appropriate here... 

Well, now it's time to say goodbye to TOM and all his kin
They would like to thank you folks for kindly dropping in
You're all invited back again to this locality (9393 East Bell Rd, Scottsdale, AZ 85260)
To have a heaping helping of their hospitality
(Scottsdale Hillbillies, that's what they call 'em now
Nice folks, Y'all come back now, hear?)