This place is awesome. It takes your traditional driving range to the next level by making a game out of it, using computer-chipped balls to keep score. It's really not unfairly-priced, either, when you factor in the fun! The easiest thing to equate the experience to is going bowling, except the facilities are way better than about 99% of the bowling alleys I've been to (and I've been to a lot of bowling alleys. Ha!).

We stopped in just to see what it was about, and figured we'd play for an hour. Instead, we stayed for THREE hours. The fact that it's also a full service sports bar/restaurant with decent food and TV's at every bay where you can control the games you want to watch, makes it an incredibly easy way to spend a few hours. Especially during the NFL season when NFL Sunday Ticket is nice to have at your disposal.

The golfing aspect is cool. I didn't bring my clubs on our trip, so it's nice that TopGolf offers their own assortment of clubs. They're color-coded for men's and women's and the provide great visual references for people unfamiliar with the ranges of clubs, etc. The touchscreen controls for adding time and increasing your card balance is a bit confusing, but it's still fun and the ease-of-use makes extending your play easy (perhaps TOO easy!). Luckily, the staff is incredibly helpful if you have questions on how to use the system. The only complaint some may have is that TopGolf doesn't allow you to swap the tee height, nor do they allow players to bring in their own drivers or hybrids. Apparently, this is to help keep the balls in play, as pre-rule, people spent more time trying to hit the ball out of the range than playing the actual game, itself, and the ability to get under the ball meant a lot of chasing beyond the nets. Once our waiter explained that, I basically stuck to the irons and their 3-hybrid the rest of the day. You ARE allowed to bring your own irons in, though, which is cool, but the clubs they provide are perfectly fine and don't take away from the enjoyment at all. I did find that I didn't get quite as much distance from their clubs as I'm used to, but after a few swings, I simply adjusted to the lack of distance. Also, once you link up your account on their site, you can see your game history, progress, etc. It's a pretty cool!

The food was good. Better than I expected, honestly. We just got a quesadilla, and I got the turkey avocado wrap. The quesadilla was pretty standard, but the wrap was good. Tons of avocado, which I loved! I also downed 3 Texas Mules, which were also good (sorry, no copper mugs here). I'd equate the food to something like Chili's, which is what it is. Perfectly suitable for a golfing/sports bar/drinking experience.

As alluded to briefly, the staff was excellent. Our server (more like all-in-one TopGolf concierge/waiter/pro) was attentive, quick to answer any questions we had and always made sure our waters were topped off, our drinks were replenished and continually checked in to make sure everything was good with our experience. 

If I ever find myself back in the Phoenix area, I'll most definitely return. Besides, it would be nice to use the lifetime membership card that they make you buy for $5 again. The one thing to note is that they have 60 bays to play from, but the lines got really long once 11-12 PM rolled around. We got there closer to opening and had no issue getting in, but I can imagine this place gets packed later in the day. Like a regular course, it's nice to get out there early! Although, we hear their nighttime experience is cool.

Enjoy!