This has to be my second brunch place, just behind Bea Bea's in Burbank. However, this would make it my favorite brunch place in Vegas! 

I was on a gal pals weekender trip to Vegas and we choose The Cracked Egg to end our two days of gorging (which is what gal pals do: get fat together and chat about life and getting fat). 

We lucked out as we were seated right away. The service was prompt and attentive. Our server took our drink order within a minute of us being seated and seemed to return with beverages almost instantly after. 

The menu is just stocked but not too stocked (i.e. Jerry's Famous Deli). It seemed like everything was really well planned and that they only put real bangers on their list of offerings. 

We asked for recommendations and were informed that all of the boxed items were considered the more popular and highly demanded items so we paid those extra attention, but our server also shared some of her favorites. A staffer with favorites that aren't boxed tells me the food's awesome either way so I was excited. 

We all decided to pick an item and then eat our meal family style. What we selected were:

- Chocolate chip banana pancakes: I usually see banana pancakes OR chocolate chip pancakes so seeing both in one on a menu made it an automatic selection. They were everything I wanted and more. The dish came with three pancakes, all ozzing with melty chips and sweetened by bananas that were juuuust about caramelized, but still fresh tasting. They were so good I didn't need butter or syrup, but I still smeared butter, because I can't deny my inner fatty. 

- Chicken tenders, gravy, and eggs
How have I not had this before? The chicken tenders were great on their own, but with The Cracked Egg's gravy, hashbrowns, and over medium eggs, we were swooning. (only critique is that I prefer my hashbrowns a little browner)

- Corned beef hash
Really good. I consider it a cleaner version than the usual greasy and chunky standard, but I enjoyed it. 

- Veggie Benedict
It seemed plain with just avocado and tomato but, man, was it tasty. The tomato was lightly cooked so it oozed flavor and was delicious combined with the avocado, hollandaise, and yolk from the poached egg. 

- Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Coffee Cake
You mean this was FREE? We got two pieces since two of our dishes (the corned beef and tenders) came with an option of biscuit or coffee cake. This was ABSOFRIKKINLUTELY a surprise. This took your usual coffee cake, grabbed it by throat, and kicked it in its genitalia. 

Oh and the prices were really fair for brunch (cuz, yaknow, LA brunch like to act like it deserves dinner prices). 

By the time we left, the place was swamped, but the staff was very visibly keeping everything moving so I don't think anyone waited too long. 

This was the perfect spot to end our weekend and I hope I'm back in Vegas soon to hit up those tenders!