So we are on a staycation and knew we wanted to come here for a while. Menu isn't massive so it's not overwhelming. Today I was greeted  by two very nice hosts. They saw on my reservation I had a tomato allergy so I heard her tell the other host to make sure the chef knew about my allergy so I appreciated that. 

Restaurant was beautiful. Seating, table and lighting. Few things didn't make sense the art on the walls and football playing. I know football is important on Sundays, but people at the bar were loud and made the quiet ambiance of the restaurant not so special. Just didn't seem like the restaurant to play that type of stuff. 

Server Robert was one of the best I've had in vegas in a while as a local. I told him what I was in the mood for wine, app and entree wise and had him order his favorites for us. 

I heard they had Kumamoto Oysters so I ordered those and blue point oysters from NY both very good. Blue points were very Meaty and flavorful and Kumamotos had a sweet cucumber finish. I ordered two jumbo shrimp and man were these things JUMBO! Great size and flavor-worth the money. So great Raw bar selection.

I checked in on Yelp! and got a free appetizer (or dessert) and got the short rib ravioli. That was amazing. Had like a cream sauce with corn on it. Very satisfying.

Robert paired a great white wine with the raw bar selection. Brancott Sauvignon Blanc to be exact. 

Then I had Robert select two steaks for my partner and I. I needed only a spoon to cut these steaks they were cooked so perfectly. I had the Bone in Filet 14oz. My partner had a 22oz bone in Ribeye. 

I ordered the regular Mac and cheese and the lobster Mac and cheese came out. I don't complain ever unless it has to do with my allergy. Wasn't crazy about the lobster. It was kinda rubbery. Was surprised with the other raw bar items being so great. Maybe it was how it was cooked but I can't be picky about a side dish when the steaks were so great! wouldn't hurt to have the steaks maybe come with some fries or veggies when you are paying $68 a cut. 

Robert paired a great Cabernet Sauvignon from Alexander Valley to go with the steaks. It's rare I trust people to pick my wine but he seemed to be a seasoned veteran at his job and I respect that. 

Dessert menu came but I honestly just couldn't do it. I was so full from the great selection of breads to the raw bar to the steaks. Next time I will leave room for the dessert because I looked at the menu and it looked amazing. I'm sure they taste amazing and take their time with presentation!

Than you for a great night out on our staycation!