Pan Asian is literally just down the street from where I am currently living at. It has been opened for only 2-3 weeks and without a splashy and eye catching sign, it may be easy to drive past on Durango unless you are really looking for it.

The restaurant has a large kitchen and prep area, but the dining area is comparatively small.  At the moment there are not too many tables and chairs setup (seating capacity is probably only at 16-20).  The interior is decorated simply but nicely.  The owner David Wong and his wife, the chef, are both super friendly.

After my first spontaneous visit after just having had dinner at another new restaurant that recently opened just down he street, mainly based on Misti Y's positive comments about this new restaurant.  So I was looking to see what their menu offers and try some desserts.  The Thai dessert looks interesting, but I was told that it was not available that day and to try the Cheesecake Tempura. It was regular slice of cheesecake that was cut into smaller pieces and tempura fried. It has a different texture and if you enjoyed fried desserts, this one is probably something you should try.

The next day I dropped by after a stop at the Costco Food Truck Fest #2, and tried the Massaman Chicken Curry.  It was tasty and the portion was generous. Before I left, the chef also gave me a large cup of longan tea (on the house)  that she brewed from dried longan that her relatives visiting from Thailand had brought her.  The flavor is sweet, as it was sweetened with brown sugar, and maybe that was why it also reminded me of the Winter Melon Tea that I used to drink when I was in Taiwan.  I really enjoyed the drink and the generous gesture.

Day 3, I had a Sababa Groupon to redeem before it expires. So after finishing the Sababa Special, which I thought would fill me up, I still had room for dessert and dropped in again to see if Thai Sticky Rice and Mango would be on the menu.  Lucky for me, the chef said if I was willing to wait a few minutes, she will make it from scratch for me.  It was a simple and very traditional Thai dessert served especially during the summer, when mango are in season.  And My T and his wife just happened to drop in for dinner.  

With a friendly couple that runs the restaurant and serving good food at reasonable prices, Pan Asian is already starting to get a decent Yelp following.  I know I will be back soon to try more of the menu.

Decor:  4/5  Minimalist decorations that just works for the space.

Food:  5/5 I enjoyed the food I have ordered thus far.  

Service:  5/5  The owner and his wife, Chef Lisa, are both super friendly. Can't have a meal prepared and served to you by a nicer couple.

Price/Value:  5/5  The price is fair and the portions are pretty generous. Lunch menu portion is the same as the dinner, so an even greater value.

Location is super close by, and even after I move a little further away, still worth the detour back from work or to satisfy a Pan Asian craving.