Really wanted something different and fabulous from the recent steak places that I'd been to and didn't want Italian so found RM and was super impressed.

Walked in and was seated quickly in a large, but cozy dining room in a corner (which I love) and greeted almost immediately with water and the waiter. Really nice immediate service. Bonus points for that.

I ordered a Chimay (wow, Mandalay Bay, that all your restaurants carry my favorite beer means I'll always make you my first in dining choices!) and my friend ordered a fabulous martini. He asked for extra olives and the waiter not only brought out regular olives (pimento center), but also blue cheese stuffed olives. It's those little touches that make a place worth returning to. 

So, forget everything else, but listen to this: if you want the best, very best, best-I've-ever-tasted oysters, come here. I am an oyster lover. I am quite certain I could subsist on oysters. But only if they come from RM. I have never, ever in my life, ever had oysters this fantastic. Blown. Away.

I ordered six ($23). You THINK that's a high price to pay, but you are confused. It is just the right amount to pay for the best tasting oysters in THE WORLD. The six types of oysters were Kusshi, BC, New Sound Select, WA, Miyagi, BC, Stoney Neck, NY, Moonstone, Ct and Village Baby, NB. The ONLY one I disliked was the Miyagi. It was small and had a very bitter, unpleasant taste. The rest? Prepare to cry. I can't even pick my favorite out of all of them. I'd eat one and say 'oh, THIS is my favorite' until I picked up the next one. Wow. If you love oysters you will LOVE these. Wow. I can't stop saying that. Wow.

I then asked the waiter about the Maine lobster roll. He informed me that it was lunch item, but what almost sure they could make it for dinner. And boy did they. I should have come here at lunch because the portion was way too big to eat! Not only that, but it was chunky and full of lobster. They went heavy on the dill and mayo, which I disliked intensely, but biting into large pieces of lobster calmed that down. 

My friend had the charred octopus and declared it much too much for one person (and then proceeded to chow it down). He loved it and finished every bit. It looked seriously delicious and that was confirmed. He then had the jumbo lump crab cakes as an entree and that was rather large as well. He declared them perfect. 

We also got bread service. Let me tell you that if you don't like the corn bread muffins you go ahead and save those and I'll send you my address; you can just ship those straight to me. Yum-my. 

The restaurant was very low key, clean and beautiful. My friend said he disliked that the tables didn't have table cloths (elitist), but I thought it was a very sort of 'seafaring' touch. I don't know, but you should seriously try this restaurant. It's moderately priced with really good food. Loved it!