This place is so quirky. And maybe because I am so much so myself - it was a great way to end Friday date night. 

A friend of mine mentioned this place months back. When Mr. Man and I found ourselves in Tremont for the evening - I knew we had to check this place out. 

We got there around 9 - it was dead and the band was late in setting up. I thought this could easily go one of two ways - we would leave really disgusted or feeling like we found a big hidden gem. 

If I could have been more in the mood for a great cocktail - I promise I would have gotten it. They have a huge offering, and even though wine isn't on the list - the serve it too. I was boring and just got a vodka and soda. 

BUT - the food. 

OK. So, it was like ALL sorts of exciting! The best part of my evening was the little snack page on the menu. That's all it is - it's just a snack page.  BUT IT'S LIKE SOO MUCH MORE. I couldn't decide what I wanted because I literally wanted all the things. A woman across from us ordered a spaghetti and meatball pizza and though we scoffed - when it came out, it looked awesome. Then she and her guests split the massive onion rings.

The 70s-80s cover band started up and the place got lively. Filled to capacity actually, so I was really happy that we got there when we did so that we could pick out our seats.

We ended up getting beef sliders and ...  the popcorn shrimp. And though Mr. Man enjoyed his spicy beef sliders, he didn't enjoy them nearly as much as I enjoyed my popcorn shrimp. It's probably because I cave to popcorn every time. Literally, popcorn shrimp in a bowl of popcorn. 

Can I just go on a bit more?  We asked how big the serving of popcorn shrimp was. I figured - for five bucks, I'm going to get a little side plate. The bartender said "It's just a handful of shrimp in a bowl of popcorn." NO WAY JOSE. This was EASILY $15 dollars worth of popcorn shrimp. I ate it the next morning for breakfast and lunch. All snack menu items run between $5 and $10, which is great! 

And then the best thing evar happened... (you're gonna flip...)

Cookies and Cream Push-pops. SHUT UP! I know, right? 

Bookmark this place now! Go next Friday. Go next Saturday. Take your new date for a quarky and fun time - it's bound to be!