I've been seeing all these sushi burrito places popping up around town, but never had any interest in trying it out, until recently. One night the husband and I were eating dinner at Zen Curry Express next door. I love that place, but was unhappy that they were out of brown rice that night. As we were leaving, we saw Ted's Sushi Burrito next door and browsed their menu outside. We looked at each other and said "We should have just ate here!" 

So we came back the next night to try this place out. Sushi burritos are basically bigger sushi rice rolls packed with protein and veggies, which sort of look like burritos. The employees here were friendly and made good recommendations after finding out that it was our first time here. You can either create your own burrito, bowl or bento box, or you can choose one of Ted's Favorites, which are also customizable and great for me since I don't like things like onions and radish. I got the #8 - Ted's California as a burrito. Had all of their suggested toppings, except for the radish and added Yum Yum sauce as suggested by one of the employees. I know California rolls are everywhere, but this sushi burrito was very tasty and filling. I think the sauces made the whole thing delicious as well! My husband tried the #1 Sashimi Oishi and the #4 Chicken Karaage and enjoyed both. Okay, so it's not as awesome as getting sushi at an authentic Japanese restaurant, but this is a great alternative when you can't spend so much for great sushi all the time. The ingredients are fresh and they don't make the food until you order it. 

Will definitely be returning in the future. One of the things I really miss from back home in Hawaii is take out sushi places. This is a great option for dinner or for taking lunch to work. They also have a reward program through the FiveStars app - punch in your phone # as you are paying, and you get one point for every dollar spent here. You can later redeem your points for stuff like free seaweed salad, can of soda and 20% off your order. Give this place a try, they are the same owners as Zen Curry!