Walking down Dundas St. W. today I came across a cafe I hadn't seen before and the first thing I noticed, as I paused peering into the cafe, was this classic coffee roasting machine. Intrigued I looked up at the cafe's name: Full of Beans. I remember hearing about this cafe a long time ago but somehow it slipped from my to-do list. Well, despite already being well caffeinated, no better time than the present to check out this establishment I say!

Upon entering the cafe I made a quick bee line to the roaster. It was a beautiful example of classic coffee roasting technology made by the Jabez Burns company which is now Probat Burns. This roaster is still in very good functional use due to it's time defying simplicity. After marveling at the machine for a few moments I started talking to the woman behind the counter (who I believe is one of or the sole owner) about the machine and she happily gave me a tour pointing out how it all works.

The machine actually being a sample roaster (originally designed for small test batches of green coffee) the woman and I agreed it was the perfect cafe housed coffee roasting machine as it's size meant that the coffee they roasted, used and sold would always be at optimum freshness. No roasting of obligatory large batches of coffee, as with a regular commercial roaster, that potentially would end up being bagged and sitting on shelves going stale. Even more advantageous is the fact that the cafe can easily roast to order, if you so desired, within about 20 minutes. So if there is a particular bean you want roasted to a certain degree of roast  Full of Beans can accommodate. 

They have a good variety of regular coffee as well as espresso based drinks on offer and I was delighted to see one of my old favorites, Tanzanian Peaberry, ready made to be consumed right there and then. In addition to coffee they also had a number of snacks available at very reasonable prices from biscotti to muffins. 

The cafe's interior is a classic of pale brick and warm wood tones. Structurally the cafe runs long and narrow with abundant seating for singles and couples. Plenty of nice interior touches that invite you to stay awhile, like a bookshelf with a sign that says "Take a book, leave a book." 

The service is good, the coffee is excellent, the atmosphere inviting and I would definitely recommend coming here whether you are in the area or not. A must stop for coffee lovers.