I've been a big fan of Persian food lately. How is it, that it's only recently that I've come to enjoy it? I've only had one visit at AZ Kabob so far and was hesitant to write a review based on that one visit, but that visit was enough to lead me to believe that I've found myself a new favorite place. 

I first heard of AZ Kabob by skimming through Yelp for nearby restaurants. Thank you Yelpers! AZ Kabob had 92 reviews at the time with an average of 4-1/2 stars. A convincing rating! It was easy to locate it using the Google Maps app on my phone. Thank you modern technology! I walked in and was greeted with a very clean, modern layout. I already had a good idea of what I wanted to order prior to visiting and that was the Combination Platter, which included 1 skewer each of chicken, lamb, Koobideh (ground beef), and fillet. I was given the option of a side of rice or salad or half of each. I chose half of each. The dish also comes with warm, soft pita bread and rice. I ordered it as take-out and only had to wait somewhere between 5 to 10 minutes. I was also the only patron there at the time so that helps with the speed of preparation. I had the privilege of keeping this aromatic pleasure in my car with windows shut as I drove home. Needless to say I was very excited to experience the dish when I got home.

AZ Kabob House is only the second Persian restaurant I've been to ever and the rice in both restaurants have had the best rice I've every had. This comes from someone whose been eating rice since probably since I was a baby. The rice is very fluffy. It looks like they add saffron and butter. All four skewers were so tender, warm, and full of flavor. I loved soaking up the juices at the bottom of the container and enjoyed 4 different flavors and textures of meat. The Combination Platter is supposed to feed 3 to 4 people. I would say that's accurate, but it was so good that I probably ate for two people. The only part of the dish that survived before the day was over was the salad. 

I'm definitely going to come back and am excited to try all the other dishes!