Always been Huge fan of Pepe Tacos ever since went too another location on North Decatur. From the day I saw Pepe Tacos sign were use too by Baja Fresh like HELL YAY! I was counting the days so once they would be open and it finally here! 

The hours are the same like the other locations open 24 hours. Now having it literally so close too my house like taco heaven on earth. LOL! The tacos authentic as can be nothing americanize about them. True taco no cheese in it or taco shell by the bunch. True taco is two tortilla heated up with protein choose with onions, and cilantro. The choices of protein choose from not just your basic usually get the lingua (tongue) but friend (god bless him for introducing me too Pepe) said next time try the buche (pig stomach). I tried the buche was really good. It different texture then lingua are carne asada. Like it. Never had it always like too try new foods in life. The salsa bar has all your normal fixing choose from diced white onions, pickled carrots and jalapeno, fresh cilantro, and both salsa red and green. I am HUGE fan of the red salsa prefect compliment with your tacos no matter what you order. It not hot hot but just right kick too it. Tacos they come with refried beans I love taste fresh made everyday and chips perfect way scoop up beans or leftovers from the tacos!

Since it brand new. It refreshing compare too the normal spot go too because its the complete opposite. New everything looks part, the signs, mexican artwork decorate some of the walls, neon signs, and it look great. It bigger then the other one been too. So not have too worried about finding spot too sit. Maybe cause it was new the place was packed. The only negative was they not serving there three or four tacos specials with drink. Is something they known for at all other locations and the three taco special use too getting. Still even regular its very reasonable priced for under ten dollars. Three or four awesome tacos, refried beans, chips, and drink. 

Without doubt love this place for sure be coming back lot more. I see duke in my future! -)))