Being invited to a friend's exclusive birthday dinner tells you that you've arrived in the social world!  Tonight, this was another opportunity to Yelp a potentially fantastic place, so I wasn't going to turn this down at all! This restaurant is located on the other side of the valley butt I've heard amazing things, so I needed to see this place for myself.  

First off, let's talk about the mall this restaurant is in.  What a beautiful place!  Soo different from what I'm used to in Hendo.  Summerlin and Boca Park really shows it's money!  When you walk up to the restaurant, you can tell it's going to be amazing.  There's an outside patio lined with picket fences with lime green chairs and tabletops, sheltered with oversized white Christmas lights.  My description makes it sound cheap, but soo not the case.  It was super whimsical and created a VERY romantic feel.  When you walk in, you'll notice a cute bar to the left, merchandise wooden shelves to the right and a beautiful restaurant ahead.  Exposed brick wall, low chandeliers, dim romantic lighting, a montage of framed mirrors.  What an amazing look and feel!  The table tops were chunky wooden tables, only helped build amazing character.  Our server was extremely detailed and attentive.  It seemed like there was a server and server assistant.  We were always helped on.  One thing I noticed:  They refresh the entire table before each course.  Everything!  Down to the utensils.  Their dishwasher must be working overtime.  

Speaking of food, the servers first brought a basket of ciabatta type rolls and cheesy bread crisps.  The star of the show was definitely the honey butter with EVOO (Extra Virgin Olive Oil). I literally wanted to spoon that by itself.  It was so delicious. Butter seemed whipped, sweet and the oil brought another creamy element.  So good!  For appetizers, I got the New England Fry for $15.  It was Ipswich clams and calamari, fried, blistered shishito peppers grilled and served with a sriracha-lime aioli.  WHAT AN AH-MAZE-ING app!  The batter was light, the aioli was insanely delicious and long stalks of peppers offered so many different textures and flavors.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  For dinner, I got the Braised Beef Short Ribs for $29.  A nice portion of tender short ribs, served over a bed of creamy polenta and topped with a carrot and baby mixed green salad.  The short ribs.  OH-EM-GEE.  The short ribs were fantastic!  Super marbleized and sooo tender!  There was a brown gravy reduction over it and brought a nicely salted flavor to the meat.  You literally could cut it with a butter knife.  The polenta was creamy and delicious.  Great side dish to the meat.  It was flavorful, yet didn't steal the show.  The carrot salad was accompanied with a balsamic reduction and the baby mixed greens offered a light and crispy texture.  Man, this dish was off the chain.  It was so good, I NEED everyone get their butts in and try it. 

The entire experience that night was top notch.  Every detail was not left behind and super appreciated.  Even when they brought our checks, they put the bill into a note book, full of little drawings and poems, written by other restaurant guests.  Not to mention the bathrooms have an exfoliating coconut salt mixture for you to use on the way out.  This is the ultimate date night experience. You NEED to take them here, trust me! If you're ever in the area, please, please try them out.  Honey Salt, thank you for an amazing experience!