Let me start by saying this:

My boyfriend posted a check-in on Facebook as soon as we received our entree. His post was "The best date-night meal we've had the entire summer." 

The space is super perfect. By that I mean, it's light and airy. It's clean and inviting. We didn't have a reservation and we got sat immediately.

I ordered The Drexler; babe got a gose sour cherry beer. Both drinks were equally delicious.

We split everything thereafter. 

We ordered the house salad. If I could rant and rave about a typical house salad - this would be the one I'd go on and on about. The cilantro buttermilk vinaigrette dressing was light and there was just enough mixed evenly on the leaves that you tasted it in every bite. It wasn't heavy and it didn't overpower the other fresh ingredients. My favorite part about the salad was the pickled mustard seeds; I've never had anything like it before. The seeds just popped in your mouth with every bite. It was a fun experience. 

We split the catfish nuggets. My handsome fella doesn't like any seafood (I know, it's his only downfall, I promise.) However, the breading was fantastic and he bravely tried the nuggets and then dare I say, enjoyed them because of how awesome the breading was. So, for a non-seafood eater to eat seafood - I'd say The Plum Cafe can easily can consider this a mission accomplished. 

We then split the smoked Ohio-raised pork shank. My mouth is watering just thinking about how awesome this piece of meat was. It was flavorful, it melted right off the bone, and it was a huge portion. The carrots were buttery and totally heirloom quality. The only thing we didn't care for was the yogurt sauce for dipping. The entree stands proud on it's own and certainly doesn't need masked by any other sauces/dippings. 

Service was fine - no issues here. Everything came out in appropriate time and waters were refilled as needed. 

We decided that night that we'll try to go back again in October, when the menu and the weather change so that we are ensured to get offerings and experiences that are entirely different from what we had during this last visit!