I've been itchin' to go here for a while now and finally made some time to have a late lunch here. It was quite a drive for me, especially when my usual Hawaiian BBQ of choice is so much closer. But, I'd drive the distance to try a new place or to have some exceptional food, without a doubt!

There was a party of 4 and another party of 2 dining and a gentleman behind the counter/register, nobody else. Must of been the off peak hours.. Shortly after I entered the shop, I had a seat and the man greeted me with that typical island swag (real mellow and inviting). We had some small talk and I found out he was the owner. I told him that I really love Hawaiian food and that I drove across town, passed several other places alike, just to have a try. He became interestingly ecstatic and started suggesting what to order. Mann, the way he was talking about his wife's cooking (she's the chef/cook), I was convinced that he'd lead me the right direction! (he even showed me visuals too, actual photos of their food)

Starters that I did not ask for! All on the house!

Hot Tea: with the cool weather nowadays, this helped

Boiled Peanuts: just as the name says, simple pre-game snack 

Napa cabbage & Radish, both prepared korean style: I liked munchin' on these. They're actually Outstanding!

Fried Mandu: 5 pieces of fried mini empanada looking things and dipping sauce. Pretty Good 

Actual order:

Combo (Kalbi, Meat Jun & BBQ Chicken): nicely portioned for one hungry person. The included Macaroni salad was creamy, mildly flavored and a bit softer in texture than I'm used to. Kalbi was real tasty, cooked right (just enough, not over done) and ripped right off the bones. BBQ Chicken was better than any I've had (in regards to hawaiian bbq chicken)! And I purposely saved the Best for last, the Meat Jun! Its a thin cut of ribeye steak dipped in egg! The steak had a mild balanced sweet/salty flavor and was so tender (like ribeye should be) but I'm talking about as soft as the egg! I'm thinking that the butcher must of pounded the living @#$% out of it cause I could of sliced that thing with the handle of my knife! Not only that, it seemed the egg had a hint of some sorta cake/vanilla flavor in it that totally caught me off guard. Combine that with the steak and this soy based looking dipping sauce....I was SPEECHLESS! I Almost shed a tear, a tear of happiness of course! Do NOT Pass This Up!

Side of Gravy: just wanted to try it and I'm glad I did! Not as thick as I've had at other places and more dark brown in appearance.. Great, just like everything else!

After the meal, the owner brought me a little bowl (sample) of the their Saimin soup. Piping hot, a tad salty and Soooooothing!

Hawaiian BBQ & Korean Fusion at its Finest!!! Food was Very Impressive and absolutely made with True Passion, Love and Evident Skills!! The Owner's Service was Top Notch, More than Generous, Humble and Sincere! ROCK SOLID 5 STARS!!!!!