The last time a Mexican restaurant with a 5 star average disappointed me, it was the highly overrated Mariscos Playa Escondida(1 star for me)...Reluctant to fall for the same trap again, we drove up to the front of the shop one day...and backed out, opting to go somewhere else. Fast foward a couple of weeks later, Wifey comes back raving about their Cecina(Thin Salted Steak) Tacos stopping by after work one evening, and if she says it's good, IT'S GOOD! The 5 stars do not lie! This is a definite diamond in the rough in all of Vegas' taquerias. SHAME ON ME for diving away the first time!

Locally owned, family run, and clean little taqueria with just a few tables and chairs, the service here is great as well. Don't know what really differentiates Chicago style from say, Cali style, but all I know is that they serve some damn good tacos! They have some of the widest variety of options I've seen-

Asada(Grilled Steak)
Cecina(Thin Salted Steak)
Picadillo(Ground Beef)
Barbacoa(Mexican Barbecue)
Carnitas(Shredded Pork)
Al Pastor(Marinated Pork)
Chorizo(Spicy Pork Sausage)
Pescado(Fish)
Chile Relleno(Pasilla Chili with Cheese)
Pollo(Chicken)
Lengua(Beef Tongue)
Tripas(Beef Intestines/Chitterlings)

Aside from Tacos, They also offer Tortas, Burritos, Combination Plates, Nachos, Loaded Fries with your choice of meat and even Beakfast items. I decided to go with a Cecina, Chile Relleno, and Tripas Taco. Yellow corn tortillas are used here, and they oil them up just right, so you don't feel like you're eating a piece of cardboard. Tacos are topped with cilantro and onions with some lime on the side, and while they do not have a salsa/condiment bar, they do have three different salsas in squeeze bottles and escabeche veggies(Carrots and chiles in vinegar) I enjoyed all my tacos that I got that I had to get two more Tripas tacos...If you're a fan of Tripas like I am, request them "Bien Doradito" if you like 'em a little more crispier!
Bonus also for having agua frescas made from scratch!

Looking forward to returning to try other menu items. If you're ever on this side of town and craving some tasty comida Mexicana, check this place out!  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  5