5 stars 

 I'm Indian and I've reviewed more Indian restaurants in the Valley than probably anyone on Yelp. I was not expecting this place to be so good based on the earlier reviews. However, there is a reason the food is much better; new ownership (including new chefs) took over 20 days ago. This is probably the reason the last 3 reviews were 5 stars because they were within the period when the new owners took over. The food is truly worth 5 stars and I was debating if it was better than Guru Palace for the best Indian restaurant in the valley and Guru Palace slightly edges it but it's close.

The malai kofta is the best in the city and replaces Royal Taj has having the best. The chicken tikka masala was flavorful and had a perfectly nice tomato flavor as opposed to just tasting like cream. The palak paneer had the perfect texture but it was slightly underseasoned and undercooked but still very good. I still think Royal Taj has the best palak paneer in the city.  

The only real complaints were the naan and rice. Don't get me wrong, it was good but I've had much better naan elsewhere. It was a little hard and thin but still tasted fresh.  The rice was fairly standard of most of the Indian restaurants in Phoenix in that it was dry(overcooked) and had too much cumin. Thus far, Guru palace has the best rice in the city.

They did the little things well. My Kingfisher ale was served in a chilled glass and the beer itself was cold. Sometimes Indian restaurants can serve warm beer. The papad wasn't burned and it was crisp and non greasy. 

The service and vibe was nice. It seems to be owned by a young Indian couple who were very nice. They speak great English, are very trendy and friendly. The wife served us and she was great and very friendly. The restaurant was really clean and spacious as well which were pluses. Also the location was easy to find, it's at the southeast corner of McKellips and Scottsdale Rd in south Scottsdale.

The owners mentioned they will be renovating the inside so I have a feeling it will look more trendy and resemble Guru Palace and Dhaba. However, it's fine as it is now because it's really clean albeit slightly bare. I would say it's in the top 3 and the only other 5 star Indian restaurant in the valley besides Guru Palace and Royal Taj