Unless you have recently moved to Toronto, you have absolutely no reason to never have heard of or stepped foot into Snakes & Lattes. Being the first cafe to opened up in Toronto with the boardgame concept, it is a popular location for many people to come in and have a good time. Sometimes it would get so full that you'd have to wait before getting a table. Unlike restaurants where food could be consumed quickly, some board games could take a couple of hours (and multiple that for every game afterwards).

When I arrived, it was the first day the cafe reopened after their two-week renovation. They only needed to add some final touches before full completion. The renovation pretty much changed the entire layout of the cafe. They knocked down the wall that separated the two rooms (which I had no idea one of the rooms existed until the second or third time I visited) to make it more spacious than it was before. Since they recently renovated, a lot of other things are in the works as well. Everything on the menu won't be finalized until the end of the February. Also, they are no longer allowing people to book tables online beforehand. They found this to be unfair for anyone who stopped by but was unable to get a table. They only allow bookings now if you have a group of 7 or more people. From there, each person is charged $7.50 per head. In the price, it includes the $5 gaming fee and then $2.50 goes towards drinks and food. So for a group of 7, that would be $17.50 for food. The barista, Patrick, also told me that they are planning on another small reno, making a separate room for larger groups.

Honestly, I cannot express how every Torontonian should go to Snakes & Lattes at least once. You would get to discover fantastic games you wouldn't have otherwise. (I personally never play board games outside of Snakes & Lattes). I didn't realize how competitive and strategic I could get until I was placed in front of The Settlers of Catan. Don't know how to play something? They have knowledgeable employees who would explain the game from beginning to end!

Also, they have such amazing mikshakes! Try their Chocomint or Monkey Mocha milkshake if you haven't already. (I have yet to try their coffee-based drinks. I heard their Nutella latte is pretty darn good though!) Milkshakes could now be customized! You could either choose a chocolate or vanilla milkshake for $4.50 and then you could add more flavours for either $0.50 or $0.75.