I thought I wrote one up for this one, already, whoops! We've gone here several times, and we like it so much better than the original one on Decatur.  We went here a few weeks ago for lunch, while we were in the area.

I really like the ambiance here. It's not dark (think dungeon) like the other one (Decatur), and it feels festive, in here, but not overdone (my favorite for ambiance is casa don juan btw). The tables, chairs, and booths are spaced just right (though we always get seated next to a loud talking person, go figure, almost like they want other people to hear their life stories, had to tune them out, though). In other words, it doesn't feel cramped in here. 

The people working here are very nice and inviting (smiles and greetings). Our server was pretty good. There is another person tending to the drink refills, but I don't think she speaks much english and is a bit timid. The hostess is very welcoming. This is a Entertainment Book participant (BOGO). The prices are very good too.  

The salsa is very good here. I love the spicy salsa- mmm, and my husband likes the regular one (he can't do spicy). So, you get two kinds of salsa with chips (careful, so easy to over do it, before you know it, you're not hungry anymore). I usually get the fish tacos but I really wanted ceviche this time (shrimp and crab, served with tostados and sliced avocado). The ceviche is served in a bowl, and is tasty, but I needed to add Tapatio, for some heat. I also added some spicy salsa, too. I didn't finish it- I took the rest home. My husband usually gets a burrito (but it had all the things he dislikes) but he surprised me by getting the fish tacos (2), served with rice, and beans. He really liked it. I had a bite too, but it's my go-to dish, so it wasn't a new thing for me. 

Good Mexican food that is reasonably priced (good portion size) along with nice ambiance is kind of hard to come by here; sure, there are lots of copycats in this town, so this restaurant is really appreciated.