For a new restaurant I'm very impressed! I'm such a sucker for a place that has a theme that carries throughout. They obviously put a lot of thought behind how they wanted the place to look and feel. It looked like a lot of the wood was reclaimed from barns, you know, that kinda hip look right now? Are they calling it barn chic? Who knows... but I do know the food was gooooood!

I'm way into cream sodas and was so excited to see them, plus you can spike it with vodka... DONE! It was delicious too, with the seasonal flavor being pecan. The only thing wrong was that it went too fast... my bad!

We started off with the warm olives and mozzarella, which was good and made me want more! The crab balls were good and I think if you're really into crab, this will probably be your jam. The poutine was the only thing that was so so. The fries were legit fresh cut, but the gravy sank all the way to the bottom and wasn't very plentiful and the curds weren't very melty. This was probably the one item that was just okay. But I kept eating, so you know it was fine!

I wanted to get just the saucy balls aka 4 meatballs. But I thought you could choose different balls and sauces (this sounds so dirty... but how can I not make this sound dirty??). But you can't do that. No ball switching allowed! SO I went with the sliders instead because you're allowed to pick your balls freely...

I got the:

Meatball Sliders were $3.50 each
Classic beef with Sunday Gravy
Spicy Pork with arribiatta 
Chicken with creamy parmesan

The best by far was the chicken with parm. I really thought I would have been down with the regular classic beef, but man was that chicken ball good! With the creamy parm it just paired amazingly. The Spicy Pork was my second fave, with a spicy arribiatta sauce to go with it. The Classic was still good, but the others just blew it out of the water!

The service was super friendly, and I was surprised to see it so dead, but it was a Saturday afternoon with not much going on downtown (other than a weird anime conference at the convention center). I will note that I loved their serveware! Stainless steel deep bowls with handles. It made serving and eating easier. I know that's a weird thing to notice, but I loved them and kinda want them for my kitchen now. Don't worry, I won't steal them...