This review is specifically for the dinner that I enjoyed in the apartment above Merante's Gift Shop.

I have stopped by here twice now for dinner, both times with a group of 8 people.  The first time that we ate here my wife and I were both unsure of where to go.  We hesistantly headed up the stairs next to the shop into the apartment above which thankfully ended up being the correct place!  The apartment consists of a couple of rooms off to the right where you can mingle and eat your appetizers and then the kitchen a bit farther down where we have always had the rest of our meal.

On both of our visits we have started off the evening with 6 different appetizers.  This last time around we had meatballs, a tuscan loaf of bread covered in spices, a cucumber salad, stuffed mushrooms, roasted vegetables and a stuffed tomato.  My favorite of the bunch both times was the tuscan loaf covered in spices.  After you finish up the appetizers you are invited into the kitchen where the rest of the meal is served family style.  First up at the table was our soup which was a minostrone genovese.  Maria, the main cook, suggested that we add some red pepper flakes and some parmesan to it which gave it some extra flavor and the little bit of kick which I loved.  Whenever we were finished with our soups, ricotta gnocchi was served to our table with a red sauce made with pork and beef simmered in red wine and tomatoes.  What is nice about this place is that Maria is very accomodating to food allergies.  Since I am not able to have red wine, they made a special bowl of the gnocchi for me with a san marzano sauce.  It was really good and I loved how light and fluffy the gnocchi ended up being.  Once that course was finished we were presented with a crown roast of pork on one platter and winter vegetables on another.  The crown roast of pork was quite impressive and the 8 of us had a hard time finishing even half of.  The vegetables were also good here and I was sad that I had filled up as much as I did as I was not able to eat as many as I would have liked.  There was also some green beans with tomatoes and olives floating around which is pretty much the only item of the night that I didn't really care for.  While I normally love green beans, they tasted of the olives that they were cooked with and so it wasn't for me.  Of course with all of the other food on the table I didn't even really care and I know its something that I normally would not have ordered at a restaurant.  The salad was served next after the main course.  It consisted of apples, pecans and cranberries over Romaine and was topped with their balsamic glaze dressing.  It was really good and I especially loved the large granules of sea salt (Maldon perhaps?) that were on it which helped to make it taste extra good.  Last but not least was our dessert which was Chocolate LOOOOOOVE Cake.  It consisted of chocolate custard, chocolate cake and chocolate Mousse.  Since chocalate is the other food besides red wine which I am not able to enjoy, Maria was nice enough to make me a cinnamon cannoli for dessert.  While everyone was enjoying their chocolate cake, my dessert was brought to the table and was greeted with an audible sigh from some other members of our party that they were not getting the cannoli also.  As we were finishing our desserts Maria produced a decaf espresso for anyone that wanted it.  It had a nice orange flavor to it and was very good.  When all was said and done, all of the substantial amount of food that our group did not eat was packed up by Maria and set aside for us to take home.  Everyone ended up leaving with a fair amount of it.

The bottom line for me is that we will be back here again in the future.  As a matter of a fact we already have our reservation made with the same group for July.  Beyond that my wife and I are trying to get some family together for another time.  If you are looking at trying to eat here I recommend that you book early because as of early Februrary all of the weekend days through November were already booked.  The only other thing to note about this place is that it is BYOB.