Happy Dog has recently went through a series of significant upgrades, with all tweaks being for the greater good....

A few months ago, Eric Williams (chef/owner of Momocho) jumped on board, bringing with him the "hot-dog" theme over the previous Eastern European fare. It's now open 7 days a week (4 p.m. to 2:30 a.m. daily, opening at 11 a.m. Friday for lunch), with talks of adding a Sunday brunch and outdoor patio in the future. The décor was cleaned up a bit, but still maintains a hip, yet cozy vibe. When the Quentin Tarantino-esque tunes aren't serenading the crowd from the juke-box, live local acts are. Well, Thursday thru Saturday at least and with a minimal cover. 

The bar now features a greater variety of craft beer offerings. For a list of suds offered, wander up to the bar and browse the chalkboard. I settled for the Dogfish Head IPA draft. 

The menu is minimalistic only at first sight. 3 things are offered: Hot Dogs, Fries and Tater Tots. Then things get downright crazy! SAT-test bubbles on the menu are used to create your order from 50 hot dog toppings and 19 dipping sauces for the tots/fries. Don't worry, #2 pencils are at each table. The combination's you can create are basically limitless and unique to each diner. 

The regular dogs are 1/4 lb. all beef franks made by Cleveland's Blue Ribbon Meats. They also offer homemade veggie dogs and most all toppings are vegetarian unless conveniently labeled with an asterisk. 

I ordered the regular dog with bacon spiked southern style greens, ancho chile bbq sauce and potato chips. My wife had her dog with chunky peanut butter, bacon, warm pineapple ginger-currant-chutney and topped with sprinkles. With two plates of tots (perfect for dunking btw), we ordered 6 dipping sauces: chipotle ketchup, black truffle honey mustard, brazilian chimichurri, chipotle hollandaise and a few others. 

While unconvinced at first, as soon as I dove into this glorious creation, I was instantly sold on the concept. It was pure genius. I love the vibe of this place too. Can't wait to come back. This is the perfect dive bar that I'd love to call my own. I just wish I lived closer. Westsiders, consider yourselves fortunate. You have a real gem on your hands!