This place is new and a MUST TRY PLACE.  It has only been open for about 4 months, but the French style cooking takes it over the top.  Not only that, I would say the Chef here, Ash is probably one of the best in Las Vegas......

Everything is made fresh to order and the matzo ball soup, very close to being better then my moms (hope she is not on Yelp).  Don"t let the name fool you, Cafe, it is not fast food.  

Loving tender care is really put into every dish here.  We have been here twice and on the second visit, the Chef came out and talked to us.  The quality of the food is TOP quality otherwise it is not used here.  Deserts are made in house daily.  And of all the places I have ever been in, and there has been many that I have gotten to know the owners, or the chef would come out and chat a little, but this place is the ONLY place the Chef has ever said, "I am willing to take any customer who wants to see my clean my kitchen is, anytime".  Really????  Obviously this place is run by people who care about the customers and the food.

On my first visit i had the Steak Tower and it was really good.  The second time, I had the wings which were just ok...they were good tasting but in my opinion very small.  The soup as I said was awesome, served in a small pot right off the stope.

I also had the falafel plate and it was really good.  My wife had Coq au vin which was on the special"s and it was very good.  This last time she had the Tomato Basil soup which was excellent, my daughter had the Lobster Bisque soup which was some of the freshest and I have ever seen.  It was very rich in the French tradition.  My wife has the grilled chicken which is grilled from fresh, so expect to wait, but it is worth waiting for with a mesquite taste that is out of this world.  My daughter had the macaroni which is made as pasta with beef with cheese over it and it was really very good.

Lastly, the Prices, I cannot end this without mentioning the prices here...you will find a more reasonable meal in this town then here at this place and the caliber of the food (quality) and care put into the food, this place is a MUST FOR EVERYONE to try...