My girlfriend had been craving a good Pad Thai dish and decided to google pad Thai restaurants near our work and Pat Thai popped up. I quickly went to my go to yelp reviews for this restaurant and was second guessing trying this place because it didn't have the best reviews. The other two Thai restaurants near us we had been to before so we decided to just give this place a shot and ya know what I'm glad we did, because it was delicious! It is a small quaint lil place off eastern that I had no idea was there. They have lunch specials mon-fri from 11-3 for $6.95 and quick tip, if ya go on-line to their website they have coupons for $1 off lunch specials! Even better right?! 
I was torn between ordering the Thai house salad with shrimp or the lunch special Pad Thai. After going back and forth in my mind I finally decided on the Pad Thai lunch special with tofu and I asked to have added veggies to it as well. I requested to add spice to it at a level of 2.5 (you can never be to sure with Thai restaurants) and had them bring me the spice tray as well, just in case it wasn't spicy enough. 
My friend ordered the same dish as well and we were both pleasantly surprised by how good it tasted. I don't have many other pad Thai dishes to compare it to (i think the only other place I've tried was Pei Wei, that's why I'm giving them 5 stars )but she has tried many dishes and she loved her dish. The spice level was perfect, it had a really good bite to it, any hotter would have been too much. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the added stir fry veggies were yummy. The tofu was great and was cut into cubes instead of thin strips like your usually used to in stir fry dishes so it was nice to see a change. The lunch special also comes with house soup that was good (not to sure what the house soup special was tho sorry) and a veggie spring roll too that was perfectly fried and tasty. The portions are huge, in fact I took the other half to go for tonight's dinner! 
I hope this review helps others who are questioning coming here. I'll definitely be back again!!