Incredible. Best cake I've ever eaten. Incredible attention to my unique patterns and design. Extremely moist that you couldn't get enough.  I was married in October 2011. The venue gave me 2 choices of bakeries I could use that are included in the package deal I paid for. One was a fancy schmancy bakery with a french name, many impressive flavors (at least that was on their on-line menu), and just all around looked like a fancy bakery. The other was Baker Wee. First, I don't care for cake. I went to both bakeries and was SO impressed with Baker Wee and very disappointed in the fancy bakery. The fancy bakery lied about all the flavors they carried and REFUSED to let us taste the flavors we were interested in. They brought out the 4 most popular flavors of cake recommended by other people that we had 0 interest in. Really? They would also only do 2 lines of filling in each tier. They also had an upcharge for design, # of guests, and size. They refused to make a small 3rd tier for the top of the cake based on my # of guests and wanted to charge me a fortune for it. This fancy bakery nickeled and dimed us, were late with our appointment, and we couldn't even taste the flavors we wanted. We then went to Baker Wee. Awesome! We made 2 tasting appointments with the owner, Laura. We got to taste all flavors. The cake was very very good. They had numerous fillings to choose from and they also did 3 lines of filling in each tier, not 2 like the other bakery. Laura agreed to make the top 3rd tier for FREE, and even though we were just under the guest count we gave her, she didn't charge me at all for extra cake. We chose an incredible red velvet cake with 3 lines of filling for the two big tiers. 2 lines were raspberry cream mousse and the other line was a white chocolate cream mousse. Outstanding. The smaller top tier was a chocolate cake with fudge filling and 2 lines of white chocolate cream mousse. Great! My design was very unique and difficult. Each tier was different. The overall theme was black, burgundy, and silver. This was not a standard wedding cake by any means.  I had unique, detailed patterns on each tier. She even added extra touches for free like sparkle dust and a fondant ribbon with our initials. When I saw this cake done at my venue, it was amazing. It looked exactly like my picture. It had incredible detail. It was butter cream on the outside, but was so well done, it looked like fondant. When we ate the cake, it was by far the best cake I have ever had. It was super moist and exceeded the taste testing. This cake was so good, you just couldn't stop eating it. Baker Wee exceeded all of our expectations. They didn't charge for the extra tier like all other bakeries would. It was the most moist, delicious cake I've ever had.