I am not one to give five stars easily, but this restaurant deserves every one of them.  RM Seafood is an excellent seafood restaurant that boasts an impressive wine, cocktail, and hot tea list.  On top of all that, they have a variety of choices for appetizers, entrees, and sides.  When you first walk up they have a counter where you check in.  If it's your first time they let you know that there are two eating areas--the fancy area upstairs and the casual dining downstairs.

We were seated in the casual eating area and immediately greeted by our server, Clifton, who explained the entire menu and what sustainable fish means.  He made several suggestions for appetizers, sushi, entrees, and dessert, so we went with some of his suggestions for the evening.  After ordering a few cocktails we were ready to begin the culinary journey.

Crab cake: beautifully plated with jicama salad and a spicy aioli.  The crab cake was 99 percent crab with a beautiful crust on both sides.  The flavor was a nice seasoning of herbs and pepper, but the seasoning didn't overpower the lovely sweetness of the meat itself.  When combined in one bite with the jicama salad, it was fantastic!  The textures of the crunchy jicama and soft crab meat really had my taste buds dancing.

Green garlic soup: I know what you're thinking.  What a weird name.  This soup was one of the best bisques I've eaten in Vegas, hands down.  The texture is silky and as for flavor, you get this lovely green garlic taste that isn't overpowering, then a sweet, creamy finish in the back of your palette.  The crab meat gives more texture and then you taste the meyer lemon in there--it's a perfect starter and one of my favorite soups now.

Bread basket: I have to mention the bread basket because they serve these adorable cubed biscuits that are really good.  Flaky but with enough body to hold it's own, it's a sweet, buttermilk biscuit that we ordered seconds of.  His corn bread honestly tasted like the ones I make from scratch, so I was happy with them, too.

Spicy tuna roll: Excellent suggestion from our server.  You can get a tuna roll anywhere in Vegas--even at the buffets--but this one was slightly unique from the others.  Their "eel" sauce is an in-house sauce made from soy and several other ingredients to make it sweet but not overpowering.  This sauce soaks into the super white and regular tuna pieces that lay on top of the roll, and within there is the tuna mixed with sriracha and seasoning with a tempura green onion laid over the spicy tuna before it was rolled up.  I don't favor too much spice in my food this one wasn't hot at all. It had a nice kick to it that wasn't overpowering, and with that cool "eel" sauce on the outside all the flavors balanced well.

Wreckfish skewers: my husband ordered this and I tasted it.  With the chunks of fresh pineapple on the skewer and the pineapple sauce on the base with some greens, it was a fresh and fun presentation.  The fish itself was bold and firm, but cooked perfectly so that it flaked when cut with a fork.  The pineapple was something I was concerned about because my husband doesn't eat pineapple, but he ate the entire plate and even wiped up the sauce, too.  I was impressed. 

Rainbow trout with mustard vinaigrette and fingerling potatoes mixed with bacon: Beautifully presented with the skin faced up.  This trout was caught this morning and flown in from a private fish farm that Rick uses.  The moment it hit my tongue I was happily greeted with no strong trout flavor!  It was light, clean, and the skin was cooked perfectly.  The seasoning was simple--black pepper and salt.The fish was beautiful and flaky, seared on the flesh side just right with just enough seasoning to not overpower the fish itself.  The fingerling potatoes were perfectly cooked and seasoned well with bacon.  Anything with bacon is good in my book!  Overall, a light, clean dish.

Dessert: 15 flavor ice cream test: This was so much fun! They bring a blank paper that is the layout of your tray and you're supposed to guess all fifteen right.  They give you the first one (the sixteenth flavor, technically)--vanilla bean, and you need to go from there.  We tried everything and got 11/15 right, which I received a hug from Rick Moonen himself for that.  The flavors change nightly, but you'll find yourself loving ice cream flavors that you never thought you would love in your lifetime.  I'm a fan of Chartreuse, coco nibs, guava, and even garlic.  For those who aren't foodies, you may not want to try this dessert, but if you're adventurous go for it.  It's a lot of fun and really good ice cream and sorbet, too.

We met Rick Moonen and his son, Chris, and they autographed Rick's cookbook for us, which was an awesome experience.  Rick is there nightly and comes out to say hello to all his patrons, which is a nice gesture.  After a fantastic meal, great cocktails, and a hug from Rick and his son, I had the time of my life here.  It's worth every penny.