If someone wants to know why I give so many 5-star ratings, it is because my wife and I usually research on Yelp! before we go anywhere, so we are rarely disappointed.  We chose this one because of the ratings and the downtown proximity to the theatre we were attending that evening.  As we approached the doors, they were thrown open by a very nice young man with a big smile, who introduced himself as Bryan and then led us to our table and said he would be our server.  Before the night was over, we gave him a very large tip because he was absolutely one of the best servers we have ever had:  friendly, warm, made excellent suggestions, and non-intrusive but still attentive.  The meal was totally enjoyable in every way.  We started with the pretzel fondue, a basket of large fresh pretzel balls accompanied by a warm cheese dip kept warm at the table via a tea light in the holder.  Delicious, but filling, and we ended up taking four of them home because we did not want to fill up on them (they were addictive!) and ruin our meal.  My wfie ordered the turkey pastrami sandwich at Bryan's recommendation, and followed his suggestion to add roasted peppers.  That was paired with a fresh garden salad with a tasty champagne vianagrette dressing.  She pronounced it all divine!! As a Southerner, I could not resist the honey-drizzled fried chicken and biscuit, issuing a challenge that it would be as good as we have at home.  It was, and the honey was a nice sweet touch versus the salty fried crust.  The chicken was well cooked and juicy--Bryan said they baked it before frying it.  It was accompanied by a creamy and vinegary cole slaw that was the best I have had on the 2-week plus road trip. We both had a local 20 oz. brew with our meal, my wife chose the Lumberyard Hefe and I finally tried the popular Four Peaks Kiltlifter IPA.  Fine dining very reasonably priced in a casual atmosphere downtown--great start to the night.  Thanks, Bryan.  Thanks to you, we will be back on our next visit to the area.