ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!
I've had the pleasure to visit this oasis tonight for a Yelp event I was lucky enough to be invited by an Elite.  
First of all, let me start off by saying my car wash was great my car smells of vanilla (total chick scent).
This place is AMAZING.  I am disappointed in myself that I had not been here sooner.  This place is crazy cool.  It has a coffee bar, a bakery, a restaurant with great BBQ, a convenience store, plenty of fancy market items like this homemade butter that one of my friends raves about.  It's a gift store as well.  There were plenty of items I wanted for myself.  Tons of greeting cards for all occasions and for all types of personalities. They've got the sweet birthday cards with pictures of beautiful flowers on them and then they've got the crazy humor birthday cards with 2 old ladies on the front of them talking about the slut in the nursing home, which is my kind of cards I love to give.  
They sell wine by the bottle. This is not like the wine selection you see in Circle K. This is the selection you'd see in Cost Plus or AJ's. 
The bakery, ohhh the bakery.... Was yummy. They had beautiful cakes you could have custom made. Take a look at the pics I posted. These ladies are talented.  They made cupcakes, cookies, beautiful cakes, chocolates and cinnamon rolls. My friend and I got excited about the cupcakes and she talked to these incredible ladies about custom cupcakes for the Breaking Bad finale.  We encouraged them to sell these cupcakes for the finale.  I will post a picture when we get them. For all you Heisenberg fans, lets just say these cupcakes will be blue.   Looking forward to ordering more themed cupcakes in the future. 
Toms Thumb Fresh Market has many areas for you to sit and hang while waiting for your car to get washed or to have a bite or a drink.  I'm looking forward in sitting in the Avaition Chairs that I had seen at Restoration Hardware the week before.... Yeah, the chairs are over $1,500 each!
There is nothing bad I can say about this GEM.  I know I' missing tons of other things about this place.  My mind is blown over everything in Tom's Thumb Fresh Market.  I'm just looking forward to go back.