It really is too bad I discovered Lucky Foo's after I moved out of Las Vegas, otherwise I would undoubtedly become a regular. I adore everything about this place, from the lovely decor with the beautiful dolls to their friendly management and staff. 

First thing I noticed and found very impressive was their beverage program. Usually when I walk into an Asian restaurant, I do not have the highest expectations on the alcohol selection, so I was quick to assume I'll end up ordering an Asahi or whatever typical product every other Americanized Japanese restaurant carries. Lucky Foo's, however, had an extensive spirits display, craft beer, craft cocktails with house made syrups, premium sake, and even a carbonated sake I had never heard of on tap. It is refreshing to see an establishment outside of New York City that actually cares to carry uncommon, better quality products that people aren't familiar with. To those of you who are less adventurous, don't fret because they do carry Asahi, Sapporo, Stella Artois, etc. on top of the good stuff ;)

Their food menu has something for whatever craving you may have. Let's say your friends aren't really in the mood for Asian cuisine but you really want that bowl of ramen. Bring them here and they won't be disappointed in their panko crusted chicken sandwich or a make-your-own burger, all the while you can enjoy their pork belly, short rib, or miso ramen (if you're anything like me, ask for it spicy because they have thai chilis). 

Go during happy hour 3pm-6pm for great deals on some of their rolls and appetizers, including the yakitori (pork belly is a must), and of course $3 off their specialty craft cocktails such as the Crouching Tiger, which I'm told is a staff favorite. 

Overall, service is fantastic, food and drinks are great, and the prices are extremely reasonable. The ambience is suitable for pretty much any occasion - a casual lunch, a celebratory dinner, brunch with friends or even a romantic date. I highly recommend this place to anyone in Vegas looking for a more original Asian fusion establishment that's not like all the rest.