SO. MUCH. YES.

OMFG, I absolutely LOVE THIS PLACE! Came here before the club and everything was just so freakin' AMAZING! I didn't get to order everything I wanted to, but I will DEFINITELY be back.

Ordered:
x TUNA TATAKI asparagus, fresh heart of palm, avocado, tatsoi, crispy garlic citrus soy - I pretty much order tuna tatami everywhere I go and this was good, but not AMAZING. I think I was too distracted by the other amazing dishes.
x SALT AND PEPPER SQUID dry miso, shichimi, sea salt, crispy garlic, smoked soy - Probably the best "calamari" I've ever had in my life. The squid was so tender and soft and the batter was perfectly fried.
x CRISPY YELLOWTAIL TAQUITOS served with spicy aji panca sauce and fresh lime - Ummmm, literally one of the best things EVER. They are more like tacos... but BOMB @$$ tacos to say the least. At $6/ea, they were worth every penny.
x ASSORTED TIRADITO - all were good, but the best one was definitely the kanpachi. I could be biased since it's one of my favorite fishes, but OMFG this thing is SOOO good. Next time I'll just order a whole order of just that :)  
- YELLOWTAIL* jalapeño and lemongrass
- KANPACHI* yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil, chive, garlic
- TUNA* granny smith apple, serrano, lime
- SALMON* kinkan honey, garlic ponzu, garlic chip
x SEA BASS miso and peruvian corn - Ok, the sea bass was soo good, but the effing CORN was where it was at. They were the biggest, most gigantic corn kernels I've ever seen in my life!! The boyfie enjoyed this one so much he said he wanted to order 2 order for himself next time.
x Yellowtail and scallion handroll - Decent handroll, but nothing to rave about.
x King Crab handroll - I wasn't going to order this, but crab handrolls are the boo's fave so ordered myself one too. AMAZING. CRAPTON of crab in this handroll and it doesn't come with the disgusting mayo-y sauce like most crab handrolls :) 
x A few different rolls which were forgetful.

Service was a little slow, but they were friendly. Crappy job at refilling our drinks, but the food made up for it. Pretty decor and upscale, trendy vibes.

I seriously can't wait to come back. They have Happy Hour Sunday - Friday - 4pm - 7pm and 11pm - close at the bar only. They also have omakase nigiri which I'm DYING to try!