I usually go to Annona for breakfast but today I went in for dinner, and let me tell you it was the best dinner I've had in a while. 

It's located in the Park Hyatt Hotel- when you walk into the lobby or are getting out of your car go to the right, and it's on your left you can't miss it. 

Besides the service always being top notch the food was out of this world. I over indulged tonight but believe the those extra calories were worth it. They have their spring inspired menu and every plate sounded wonderful. 

Tonight I started off the with smoked salmon, which could have easily been shared between two people. I find smoked salmon to be pretty standard wherever you go in hotels but it's the presentation which gets me. Annona had it right here- it comes with 3 large pieces of salmon, chopped purple onion, capers, and chopped eggs. For the entree I had the Grilled Seafood Mix which came with grilled shrimp, tuna, salmon and lobster ravioli. Everything was great and I've never had grilled tuna before so I was a bit reluctant to taste it but it was wonderful. The serving size of each fish was not overwhelming about 1-1.5oz each. The handmade lobster ravioli... let me tell you it was unbelievable. If I could I'd eat it everyday. I was with some family members and one of them had lobster mashed potatoes, and I don't think there are words that can describe them but really it was amazing. You'll defiantly need to try them. As for dessert we has a tasting menu and again, without fail, the presentation and taste was wonderful. Hands down one of the best dinner's I've had in a while. 

If you haven't been here for dinner yet or are planning a special dinner you should really consider Annona. 

They have also opened up a patio which is great for the days when we have nice weather. I also took a gander at their lunch menu and it is "no forks necessary," which I think is a great concept with the summertime practically here now. 

If you're looking for parking, they do have valet, or if you prefer to park the car yourself there is Green P parking across the street next to the Four Seasons Hotel. You can enter it from Cumberland or from Yorkville. 

Oh and if you have a ROM membership then you can get %10 off your bill when you do dine at Annona. 

They also have a special going on right now where you choose any appetizer or starter, entree, and dessert for $49. Depending on your meal you know it's a great deal. 

I recommend you check out their website to see their menu, hours, and of course to check their phone number so you can call to make reservations. Which by the way you will probably want to do to ensure you get a table- I know it can get quite busy in there for Sunday brunch and dinner time.