Goodness gracious, I enjoyed my experience here way more than I thought I would. Happy to report that the hype is real. 
The Lady got me a reservation for Lumiere for Restaurant Week, and she had to do it well in advance (we figured that one out by failing the last Restaurant Week. So there's my pro-tip, make your reservations at least 2-2.5 weeks out). 
What really exceeded my expectations was how..professional everything was, and how much of a well-oiled machine Lumiere was. Some note-worthy things to mention: The people that you see out front? That's it. That's everybody running the restaurant. A couple chefs, waiters, and a front of house manager. Everybody gets along and respects each other, always giving precedence to the person with the food in their hands. The chefs cook for the waitstaff on Mondays. The waitstaff buys beer for the cooks on other nights. And everybody is professional and well trained in both the wine and food. Service was incredible the whole time we were there.
Oh, and one last thing. They ONLY serve their Restaurant Week during the event - that cuts down on the confusion and allows them to truly make their food they serve exceptional. And that it was.

Menu started off with an Amuse Bouche (French for mouth-teaser) of a delicious cheese puff pastry with a sweet corn soup served in the cutest lil mug you've ever seen. First course: I ordered the escargots, which I love, but I had never eaten them in the shell! It's fun to work for your food, as anybody knows who enjoys crab legs, and the reward of pulling the snails out of the shell was well worth it. Served with a great herb butter. Win. Main Course: Seared duck with a few other things (piece of bok choy, cherry, pan sauce). So freakin' tender and flavorful. What a wonderful dish. Dessert: I chose the profiteroles, which was incredible. The Lady got the Salted Caramel Apple Gallette and that almost beat mine out. 

With wine dinners and weeknight specials, I am SO excited to get back to Lumiere for my next French meal.