I. love. hot. dogs. period. 

I was surprised that I lived in Cleveland for as long as I had before even hearing about this place, then it took even longer for me to get here! Crazy! 

Everything you've heard about the tots is true. They are fabulously crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and they made me forget about fries even being an option here. The truffle honey mustard was my favorite sauce the first time I came, but the second time it tasted less like honey mustard with truffle and more like straight horseradish...weird. I don't know what was happening. It was still good, but not what I remembered or expected. 

Now, the dogs. I am a horrific decision maker. Seriously. So, this list of toppings is, in one way, superb, but in a much larger way, a huge problem for me. I want everything! And I know it won't taste good, so my first dog was a simple one and a variation on a suggested Chicago dog. It was delicious!! Love those sport peppers! My second hot dog was in a whole different world of good. It was another "suggestive weiner" with Brie and pineapples and other good stuff. I seriously can't stop thinking about the perfection of that hot dog!! 

The beer selection here is great! I also have trouble making that decision...

As far as service goes, I've discovered that it really depends. My first visit was pleasant and utterly unremarkable in a good way. The second definitely fell into a 2 or 3 star service experience, but I don't expect perfection in a place that's organized in a way that doesn't really promote great organization/efficiency and especially when they're bustling ALWAYS. But, I also get the feeling that this way works for them and they're not going to try to fix something that isn't entirely broken. 

Alas, worth noting: 
1. We got another table's dog, we returned it, then our server brought it back and REALLY tried to convince me it was mine. I clearly spotted nacho cheese, not Brie. I don't think she fully believed me until a neighboring table discovered we were discussing their hot dog. 
2. Our server made a seriously disgruntled sound, face, and rolled her eyes when I asked for another drink before the table service for the night ended.
3. Our server also seemed to be incredibly frustrated when we wanted to order more tots and another hot dog after our initial order. Hey! We were hungry and this is an eating establishment, right? Let us get our fill, please! 

Anyways, despite some hiccups, it was well worth it and it obviously didn't change my rating!