Usually a 24 hour restaurant, I usually think of Denny's. Mainly a little less then average place, just to have something to eat and not much to really look at, except the other booth of people around you. But Peppermill, proved me wrong about 24 hour restaurants, and looks more then an average place. Now this was an ideal 24 hour restaurants, that I wish it could take over Denny's. Then I would be coming there all the time. 

Located next to Riveria, its a very colorful restaurant on the strip. Of course I had my doubts about going here, but glad my wife twisted my arm and go. Outside, it may look a bit unsure on cause its close to downtown. But despite the fancy looks that you can see on the outside, inside, is a whole different story. The seating is not like no other picnic table booth, its basically a curved booth with nice, colorful seating. You don't have to worry about being smooshed against the wall anymore. Each booth is like curved like the letter "C", all over the restaurant. It has very nice lighting, and very wonderful arrangements, like your in the rainforest. Not like Rainforest Cafe, but a bit less elaborate then Rainforest Cafe. 

The staff was wonderful, we were seated right away, we were served drinks, once we were seated. Our waitress was very nice as well. They all wore colorful uniforms and made the place interesting. She always made sure that we were okay. 

Looking over the menu, the pricing was a bit more then I expected. But once I got my food, I can see why. The food was in big portions. I ordered the New York Steak, and ordered it well done. I was amazed that it came out well done. I mean, no pink what so ever on that meat. Usually when I order steak, it doesn't seem well done, but this time around, it was. Made me think about next time I come here, I should order medium. I don't mind pink, but I thought like any other place I had a well done steak, it had little pink. But I really did enjoy my New York steak. It did come with a salad, and it came big. Also came with Onion rings that were big. Mainly everything was big, even my wife's coffee cup was big. As much as I wanted to try to finish it, I couldn't. I came so close though. Finish the salad, the steak, but threw in the towel with 3 onion rings left. 

If your looking for a place to eat in the middle of the night. Peppermill will surely not disappoint. The pricing may be more then usual, but its well worth the price, especially when everything comes at you in big portions. Very well recommended 24 hour restaurant.