This is a nice place for good Thai food. It is located at the University Plaza and it is a further walkway from Vons. The moment you enter, you will see a beautiful layout of the dining area. I do love the earthy nature of rustic wood and rocky walls paired with a shimmery bronze décor. Quite frankly, I think the people here are very friendly and accommodating. I am a patient person and I can understand why sometimes service is delayed, but do keep in mind it does take some time to prepare certain meals. What's most impressive is that the owner Joe not only manages the restaurant, but he also goes above and beyond service to personally deliver take-out meals.

I ordered the Pad Thai Tamarind Sauce with a choice of Chicken ($13.95). I know tamarind sauce can be sweet. In order to balance the sweetness, you will need to add something spicy or sour. They do offer three spicy condiments (red chili sauce, chili pepper flakes, and vinegar with jalapenos) that are set to the side of the table. The meal comes with rice vermicelli noodles sautéed in tamarind sauce, chunks of tender chicken breast, bean sprouts, and served with shredded carrots, red cabbage, crushed peanuts, and cilantro. Of the three spicy condiments, I think the vinegar with jalapenos is the best choice to complement and enhance the flavor of the noodles. From personal experience dining at other Thai restaurants, the Chicken Pad Thai here taste flavorful. The tamarind sauce in my dish didn't taste too sweet, which is a major plus because I usually steer away from anything that has too much sweetness. 

For dessert I had the Mango Sticky Rice ($8). I am pleasantly amazed that the sticky rice comes as a generous portion with plenty slices of sweet, juicy mango. The sticky rice is served warm, it's drizzled with a nice coconut flavored cream sauce and topped with sprinkles of sesame seeds. I've always enjoyed a good meal with dessert, and this dessert is my top favorite! One customer had glanced over and is enticed how yummy and abundant the Mango Sticky Rice is served. It prompt the customer to want an order of that too. It just shows that good food is meant to be shared.