I had an appointment this morning and decided to go somewhere for breakfast after.  A bit of searching on Yelp helped me decide to go with the Gold Spike Grill.  I've been reading about the changes here since it was purchased by the Downtown Project.  Wow, what a nice place!  What a nice surprise!!

The place is small so I didn't have to search to find the Grill.  It's a bright, almost all white area on the east side of the building.  I opted to sit at the counter.  As I walked through the lobby area, I noticed all the people with their laptops and I soon checked my iPhone for wifi.  Free, fast wifi!  Yes!

The menu isn't very large for breakfast but it's certainly adequate.  As I was looking at the menu, my server, Brittany, brought me coffee and a glass of ice water.  I ordered their 3 egg omelette with any three ingredients you choose from their list.  I got spinach, jalapeño, and cheese.  The omelette comes with hash browns and toast of your choice.  As I was enjoying the wifi and taking photos of the Grill, I noticed the hot sauces that were on the counter.  They have a whole bunch of kinds most of which I've never heard of before.  

When my omelette arrived, I chose to put some "Scorned Woman" hot sauce on part of it.  The bottle had a heat level of 8 on it.  I don't know who judges the heat of a hot sauce, but 8 was a bit too high.  But, it was hot and it was a good addition to the omelette.

Service was good and sitting at the counter, one of the cooks looked out after I was eating for awhile and asked how breakfast was.  When I gave him thumbs up, he had a big smile and went back to his work!  This was something I noted from everyone at the Gold Spike.  People had smiles, they were very pleasant, and they were welcoming!

When I left, I spent some time in the "back yard" which would be a great place to bring a drink or sit and spend some time chatting with friends.  There's also an area behind a fence where you can eat outdoors.

Parking is very convenient and free.  Enter from 4th Street between Ogden and Stewart as you head north on 4th.

While the breakfast was nothing exotic, it gets all 5 stars.  This is as good as breakfast gets and the staff is so very pleasant.  Throw in the wifi and you have a great spot!