I've had Bosco's bookmarked for a few years and never had a chance to try this place. Decided to give this place a go today and boy have I really missed out on a really good place. Shame shame on me. 

It's a small place that is somewhat hidden but we had no problem finding it. They have a decent amount of outdoor seating but indoor is quite small. About seven or eight tables. Very homie with a long wooden bench on one side with throw pillows all over the bench making it very homie. Most of the tables are two people tables but they do push the tables together for bigger parties. They also have an open kitchen. I think it's has a really nice ambiance. Somewhat loud cause everyone's enjoying their food. 

Well, we were started off with some tasty olives and sour dough bread which I thought was really good. Olives weren't to sour and very tasty. We ordered the Roasted Seasonal Vegetables with Burrata. Today's veggies were Brussel Sprouts. My favorite. Very fresh and really tasty. Really loved it. The Burrata was lite and really went well with the Brussel sprouts. Really good dish. 

Next, we got the Lucia pizza which had sausage and mushrooms. My wife was a little worried it was going to be salty but it wasn't. Sausage was fresh and really good. Mushrooms were really fresh. All the ingredients were really fresh. It was a good sized pizza and the crust. I enjoyed the crust. It was not too thin and not to thick. A little chewy but everything came together. It was a really good pizza. Probably the best I've had on this side of town. 

For dessert, they have so many choices and the owner recommended the Lemon Sorbetto. It had lemon sorbet in a real lemon frozen. I was really surprised. Very light. Not to bitter. Very refreshing. Really good. 

So we came to Bosco's on a Friday night but pretty early. We beat the crowd. Our server greeted us quickly and brought us water and our own bottle. There were at least three or four different people serving us and making sure everything was okay. Excellent service. Friendly service which followed the homie feeling inside. 

I would say I really enjoyed our whole meal at Bosco's. Great food. Fresh food. Really good service with a wonderful ambience. The prices were even reasonable. All I can say is I can't wait to come back. They have speciality pizzas on the board and can't wait to try them plus their desserts. Need I say more.  Enjoy.