I was so excited to finally have the opportunity to dine here and I am even more excited to review my experience - especially since I'm giving them a big 5 stars!

Details: I went on Valentine's Day with my date and they were quite busy. So much so, that we couldn't get a reservation until 9pm. There was a "special" Valentine's menu, which is code for a menu with less options, that are found on the usual menu but with double the prices. This is actually true. They left the main menu in the lobby of the building and upon inspection, we literally paid almost twice as much for some items. Typically, this would bother me, but the food and experience went so well that I walked out with a smile on my face. The "everyday" prices are actually quite affordable and I will definitely be back to enjoy the views during the daylight!

Atmosphere: The restaurant could boast slightly better decor, but its quite typical for a "fancy" restaurant. Almost hotel-like with white walls, blue carpet and gold wherever they can stick it. Other than that, it's a clean, well-lit space. Most of the walls on the outside of the building are total glass. Since it's on top of the Janette building in Monroeville, you have really cool views. With that being said, the views are of Monroeville, which even though is not that exciting, it's the only restaurant in the Pittsburgh area that has a similar experience, and on a sunny day, I can imagine seeing rolling hills for miles which is an equally wonderful view. One key point here is that we did not have a window seat and we still had spectacular views. The restaurant was wonderfully created to give a good view regardless of where you're sitting. 

Food/Drink: Good! Decent selection of beer and wine and averagely priced. We started off with an appetizer, the stuffed mushrooms, which were perfect. We could have used more, but we're big eaters. I got the crab cakes for my main meal. They were some of the best crab cakes I've ever had. Incredibly "meaty" and fresh, and while you only get two medium-sized cakes with potatoes, they fill you up since they are more dense than normal. My date got the chicken Florentine. His portion was huge and it came with two fried ravioli which were phenomenal. We didn't get dessert because (surprisingly) we were quite full by the end. 

I will definitely be back to try desserts and to see the view during sunlight!