As our one and only day on the Strip I wanted to make sure that I tried new places.  This place was actually recommended to by friend by her friend.  So this restraunt is located on the Northern side of New York New York.  This restraunt has a beautiful outside seating area with a bar and the luxury of watching the people on the strip.  This time we decided on sitting inside only because it was a rather hot October day and we had walked from where we parked at Paris Las Vegas.  This is one recommendation I do have: since you will be walking all along the strip I suggest parking in a central location so that at the end of sightseeing you don't have to walk to the other end of the strip.  So for me a day my friends do the central location was at Paris Las Vegas.  
As we sat inside I noticed that the booths in the middle of the restraunt were very unique.  They were full Booth seats that wrapped around the table with an opening at each end.  I thought this was a very cool concept.  
Anywho onto what you've been waiting for, THE FOOD!!  OK so sometimes you really can't help what your tummy wants and you end up getting the slider cheeseburgers.  Which I will say are amazing!! The flavor of the meat with the melted cheese and toasted bun was basically burger heaven.  It does come with a choice of garlic fries and I'm sure something else buy once my tummy heard garlic fries there was no swaying it.  Now usually when I think garlic fries I think fries with garlic salt.  Oh no not these fries. I believe they took a garlic bath and came out perfectly seasoned which means no normal ketchup for these fried spuds yes friends I'm talking special seasoned ketchup. OK sorry drooled a bit lol
Another thing that I would also like to say about this amazing place was that they have an open entrance which means kind of an open wall.  I mention this because during lunch we had some little birdy friends enter and hop around.  They were so cute.
This is basically a higher end comfort food place with prices that won't kill your wallet and leave something for all the souvenirs.  Highly recommend trying this place it's amazing