At this price point, this place is as good as it gets. I've had the pork tacos and the french toast. They don't skimp out on their portion sizes, and both dishes were very tasty and satisfying. 

The tacos were well seasoned, and tasted quite good for a place that doesn't exactly seem like a place that specializes in tacos. In fact, this may be some of the best pulled pork I've ever had. I'm no pulled pork aficionado, but I do get it quite frequently, and this ranks at the top of the list. 

The french toast was very well done. It was made with a baguette which is something that I don't see very often, and it worked very well. It was crisp, and had the perfect amount of egg, cinnamon and sugar. I would definitely get this again. 

The coffee and desserts are also great. As an added plus, these guys have some of the best eggs in the city.

One of the owners (not sure what his name is), is a very friendly gentleman that has shown on more than one occasion he puts always puts his customers first. The first time was when I went for a sit down meal, ordered a coffee to go, and a few blocks later accidentally dropped the coffee on the street. I came back to get another one because I was enjoying it so much. Upon returning, fully expecting to pay for another one, he gave me another cup without charging me for it. Business owners take note: this didn't cost him very much to do, but the gesture was genuine, and it goes a long way towards a customer service experience which only makes me want to keep coming back.

The second occasion was when my girlfriend ordered a breakfast wrap with bacon. When we got it, the bacon was chopped up and hidden within the wrap. So, before biting into it, she thought there wasn't any bacon because she couldn't see any. She told the owner who looked at it, and gave her a side of bacon, obviously at no charge. Once my girlfriend started eating the wrap, she realized that there was in fact bacon, and once she finished her meal, feeling rather guilty, went up to pay for the side of bacon. The owner laughed and told her that he knew it was in there, but didn't want to dispute it. Also, because she was honest about it, he didn't charge her for the extra side of bacon. What a stand-up guy!

Another nice touch is when we bought some eggs and he told us about the farm from which the eggs came, and about the chickens who laid them. You could tell he was doing this because he genuinely cared and was excited to tell us about the process, and not because he was cashing in on the eat local trend in Toronto.

I've only been here twice, and because of the quality of the food, and the A+ customer experience, this has quickly become one of my favourite places to go in the city. I anticipate coming back here frequently.