HOT DOG!! 
   So I have been to Buldogis several times now and love it. At first, being a Hot Dog fan I was a little timid about the whole Korean Hot Dog fusion. I couldn't be more wrong.
   I have eaten Hot Dogs all over the world and this is now one of my top favorites, so much so that the chef knows me as soon as I walk in now. 
   First up; I had a West Coast Version not on the normal menu. It had a spicy link, bulgogi, bacon, pico de gallo, cheese, and chipotle mayo if I remember correctly. Ask the chef, Caesar, for the one that's like a Santa Fe but with Bulgogi instead of chili. IT WAS THE BOMB!!
   Speaking of bombs, want a little heat? Try the Dragon  Dog! A delicious and hot spicy dog that will have you weeping with joy. (Ok if you like heat, it's pleasant)
   The Chicago dog, another delicious dog here, and a staple for hot dogs, is done justice.  The peppers have bite, but not too hot for you tender tongues. The peppers, and pickles were perfect. Relish, pickles, peppers, tomato, onions, celery salt, and mustard.
   Heading to another U.S. city influenced dog, we try the Philly. The Philly was great, while I thought it needed a little more cheese, (both for flavor and to hold it together) my wife, a PA. native loved it, sooooo....nuff said.
   The Buckeye was another great dog I've tried there. Like the Philly, there's no spice here, just a delicious dog with great toppings. Pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, and garlic mayo.
   The fries are also fantastic, but the orders are large, so make sure to save room for more than one dog as you will want one. We've had the Euro special, pork belly bacon, fresh herb, cheddar cheese, and garlic mayo. Oh, did I mention they make all the mayo's fresh in house? Well I just did. 

   So if you looking for a great dog, you have to go here. The dogs are delicious. They pile the toppings high, but even still, you will want a second. And with the dogs priced cheaper than a ball game, New York street cart, or even a fast food burger, you have to go for it.
P.S. I have uploaded pics of all my dogs to Yelp, so go check em out!