Found this on a previous "Las Vegas Seven" magazine, featured with a few other mentioned burgers but this seemed like a Must Have Now!! 

I was on a mission and all I wanted was the burger. They only offer one burger but they also had a pre-fix meal that included the burger, salad and their dessert for like 10 bucks more.. Might as well.

Outcome of fixed meal:

The Farmers Market Salad: Fresh, Fresh Greens, light dressing.. Very Nice!

The Burger: Easily One of the Best Burgers I've had.  Eating this Burger should of been a Crime! Compared to other burgers, (gourmet, diner, fast food..) this just had a Very Obvious Quality, Balance and was Cooked right on point (I asked for medium well, came out more medium but no complaints)................ It was worth a Standing Ovation! It came with 3 dips/sauces:
Pepper Mayo = I like mayo, a touch of pepperness.. can't go wrong  
Dijon Mustard = strong horseradishy bite, add a little and it goes a looonngg way
Ketchup =  typical, I just used this as dip for me fries
 
Hand Cut Fries: comes on the burger plate: Fries were also awesome, genuine potato flavor..

Butterscotch pudding and Snickedoodle cookies: I could of had a gallon of that pudding! Cookies were equally delicious!

* Before the meal started, we were given an amuse - spoonful of some real crab creation. What a tease! Just melted off the spoon..

* Bread basket.The brownie, What a Treat!

* This meal was split between my girl and I, I mentioned to the server/bartender that we were going to share, nothing else. We received our burger plate already split in half on 2 separate plates along with 2 of everything else and looked like equal full portions (dipping sauces, veggies, fries..) + XX Stars!!

* Shout out: We met a really friendly lady at the bar that made our experience even better! I would consider her a foodie and so it was easy conversation. We did talk about "Yelp", I tried convincing her to join as she had the evident whim and attitude that would certainly benefit the community! We even exchanged/traded a piece of my burger with a piece of her wagyu.. By the way that wagyu was ridiculously Amazing! Thanks Elena, come aboard!

Service was 11/10, Ambiance was elegant and comfortable, All the food, especially the burger was a 10/10, Worth every penny, more than I expected!....