Restaurants have tried and failed to succeed on the "west side" of the valley, but Saigon Kitchen has been a proud staple of the city of Surprise for years now. This accomplishment is the result of the hard work and dedication of the owner and chef, Dennis, who is a true visionary in every sense of the word.
He never settles. He always thinks of how he can improve, which results in a menu that constantly evolves. 

The Shaken Beef is the prized entree that was featured in Phoenix magazine. Ask anyone who goes here, and they will recommend Shaken Beef. You really can't go wrong with the tender high quality beef filet marinated and served sizzling over onions and peppers and flavorful spices. Sometimes people become so accustomed to ordering this dish though, that they forget all the other great food!

My friends enjoy the caramelized salmon clay pot dish. The salmon is served sizzling in a clay pot bathed in caramelized garlic glaze.  They also tend to order the Firecracker shrimp with noodles and have trouble ordering outside of their comfort zone once they try this. 

The Cornish Hen - this is prepared just how my mom used to make it when I was growing up. It's a comfort food for me. The outside is thin and crispy and the meat is still very soft, tender, and full of flavor.

Surf and Turf fried rice - not sure if this is always on the menu but it's the same beef filet as in Shaken beef combined with shrimp in a vegetable fried rice. 

Combination Pho - Contains steak, meatballs, brisket, and tendons in noodle soup, topped with onions, basil, jalapeños, bean sprouts.. you name it!

Salmon Pho - a modern take on pho but with the rich salmon belly! 

Combo spring roll - crispy egg roll (similar to lumpia) inside of a fresh spring roll. Another modern twist!

Salt and Pepper Shrimp - my favorite appetizer featuring lightly battered shrimp with jalapeños and onions. A newer menu item that will most likely be a restaurant staple

For dessert, the tempura banana with salted caramel ice cream is such a treat! It can definitely be shared with someone since it is rich but who wants to share anyway??

Rest assured, all of the menu items are msg free and extremely fresh and high quality ingredients. I'm sure many regulars agree. That's why we keep coming back - amazing food, great service, and the chic ambiance is rare for restaurants of the west valley. If you haven't been here, you are missing out!