Right when I walked in and asked to look at a menu for a to go order, there was an older hawaiian gentlemen (almost like Mr. Miagi from karate kid LOL) he immediately said hello, introduced himself and was INCREDIBLY nice.  You gotta love that hawaiian culture I absolutely love it.  I just had a feeling right then and there that I was gonna love whatever I ordered. WHY??? because you can tell that there is passion and care put into his business and food. 

This place is definitely not your typical L&L hawaiian or aloha kitchen type of place.  They have a much smaller menu and although you will see a few typical items, but they are missing several known items as well, that you would find at other hawaiian places.  The prices here are a little higher on a few things too.  

I decided to go with their variety special that was posted on their display board out front it was $15 but I figured what the hell because it'll give me a variety of their food and I'll really know if I like it or not and want to return.  After placing my order and waiting a little bit, I saw the man I met (I'm sorry I forgot his name) back there cooking for a few minutes and then again in the dining area just out and about talking with the few people that were there. 

I got my food home and as I started to unpack it I was just wowed over at all the yumminess I was seeing.  I didn't know what everything was (only some of it) but I was already impressed.  

I had something in a broth like stewed collar greens sorta thing (VERY yummy), some shredded chicken in a soup with small noodles (VERY YUMMY) tuna poki (INCREDIBLY YUMMY) salmon with tomatoes (forgot the name of it, sorry) my main entree had some lau lau (which was INCREDIBLE and not the least bit dry at all)  there was also kaluah pork (again sorry for the spelling). I was very impressed with everything.  

I will absolutely return and highly recommend to anyone to goto this place. It was VERY obvious that the owner put his love of Hawaiian food into his cooking.