I was working in Henderson for a few months and happened to find Mi Peru via Yelp and by a local Peruvian co-worker's recommendation. I was hooked after my first meal and made a point of eating there at least once a week during my extended stay. 
The restaurant is decorated in simple but good taste. It is a small family owned restaurant. Cleanliness is key for me and I always checkout the restrooms of where I dine - that always give you a good idea of what the sanitation practices of a place. The restaurant was clean and pleasant overall. 
The star of place is definitely the food. In my multiple visits, there was nothing that I could say I didn't like. I am the type of person who tries to stay away from restaurants that are "Americanized" to suit locals' taste buds. I love the flavors authentic ethnic cuisines have to offer and Mi Peru definitely does a great job of this. 
I make a point of visiting a Peruvian restaurant when I find one in whatever city I am in, and Mi Peru is one I can't stop talking about. The quality and the affordable price of the "Tiradito". This is a raw fish dish similar to sashimi, but differs from ceviche in the cut of the fish and lack of onions. It is typically served with sweet potato and corn with a citrus sauce. The tiradito is a must have. The second dish I love from Mi Peru is the "Causa" - made with mashed potatoes, canned tuna, hard boiled egg, avocado and lime juice. I would have never tried it from just reading the description on the menu but tried it since my friend had highly recommended. It was delicious. The way the flavors blended together was surprising. I made sure to order this as often as possible as well. 
I tried the lomo saltado, the choros a la criolla, pollo a la brasa, ceviche and the arroz con pollo when I was with a larger group. You just couldn't go wrong with any of these dishes. 
The next time I am in Vegas, I will make sure to dine in Mi Peru again even if it out of the way. Mi Peru now the restaurant I compare all Peruvian restaurants to.