As often as I come here, I can't believe I've never written a review. Probably because I'm too busy downing delicious Pho . 

I came here for the first time on a Friday in the fall in search of Charlotte's best Pho. And after kissing a few Pho frogs . I found my Pho-ever Prince  Thanks to Yelp for the advice. 

When I first visited it was for lunch and the parking lot was packed. I knew right then that this was it. 

When I walked in, I was still greeted warmly and seated immediately.  With very little hesitation, I ordered the Pho Tai. After 10 maybe 15 min a huge, piping-hot bowl of pho  arrived. (Note: They only do one size of Pho and it's huge but trust me you'll want it all.) 

Before I even added a sprig of basil, a spritz of lemon , a slice of jalapeño or a bean sprout, I leaned in and took a spoonful of broth. It was heavenly, flavorful umami goodness. I grabbed my chopsticks and sampled the  beef: it was tender and flavorful. The perfect melding of flavors left me wondering: did the beef flavor the broth or did the broth flavor the beef?  (Chicken or the egg ) The noodles still had that perfect al dente texture. All of the condiments were super fresh. I added them all and then I ate until I couldn't eat anymore. I didn't want to waste even a drop of broth. 

That's how I fell in love with Lang Van. Afterwards...

I ate Pho here everyday for a week. No exaggeration. It is legitimately it's good. 

Since our first encounter I've also had the tofu bun and both the shrimp and tofu summer rolls both of which are divine and the pho chay (tofu bun). 

Beware: the sauce that comes with the summer rolls is so delicious you could drink it. 

But alas, the pho is my first love. A healing serum for the soul. If I'm sick and won't eat anything else, I will always eat pho . But it's gotta be from here. All other Pho shall forever pale in comparison. 

If you're on the fence about this you shouldn't be. I love Lang Van so much that I'm willing to share her with everyone! Don't shirk my kindness. Nike said it best, "Just Do It."  You won't be sorry.