I love this seafood buffet. Many casinos claim to be a seafood buffet but this one really delivers. (There's only one other one that is pretty good and is off the Strip- Sam's Town.) When this buffet first opened, the lines were ridiculous.  If you weren't waiting in line by 4 pm, you'd be waiting for a very long time- seriously. I hadn't been in a while, until within the last few years with my husband- it's going to be an anniversary tradition.

The selection is amazing- broken into region types- Mediterranean, Pacific Rim, South America, North America. Langostino lobster (delicious), snow crab legs (a little salty at times but very good), dungeness crab (mmmm), oysters, peel and eat shrimp (with lemon and cocktail sauce- just like at the resident buffet, very good), crawfish (not a fan), sushi (I'll pass- sushi has to be eaten at a real sushi place), and soups (like chowder), just to name a few. The quality of many of the dishes is very good. 

The dessert station is not as big or impressive as the other resident buffet, but by that time, one has eaten enough, right? Ha-ha, just kidding. I usually save room for dessert. And given the choice, it's almost always ice cream or gelato, in this case. 

The last time we ate here, there was a wedding party of about 20 people. Seating is mostly chairs and tables, with some booth seating. The ambiance is much nicer at this buffet compared to the regular resident buffet, with artwork is cheeky- fish, but it's cute. The paint colors are warm neutrals, browns. It's not so crowded anymore, maybe could be due to the price. The service is pretty good- drinks refilled and the dirty plates are taken away. The food stations are clean and maintained/refilled. 

Yes, it can be pricey, but I think that this seafood buffet is actually worth it and not many seafood buffets in casinos are true seafood buffets, either. It seems like these casinos have shrimp and slap on a name, Seafood Buffet, but it's simply false advertising, in my opinion. I've heard that the M Resort's buffet is very good, but we have yet to try it. For now, enjoy coming here though.