Want to get out of the OC and get your healthy seafood serving for the day? Head on out to Las Vegas and stop at the Rio Hotel. The hotel is located off of the 15 Freeway and Flamingo Boulevard. There is ample parking all around the property, but the best is the parking structure right off of Flamingo. It has a sky bridge from the structure right to the Masquerade Village area. Take the escalator down to the casino floor and you'll see the Village Seafood Buffet on your right. Check the Rio's website for buffet times as they change periodically. It is also wise to arrive before it opens or might be waiting for a while (bring comfortable shoes for standing if you don't get there early). 

The décor was recently updated. It originally had the décor of a fishing port - seafood crates, ropes, old cannery box labels, etc. Now, it's more chic with a more upscale feel. The dining room is very open and showcases the wonderful seafood the way it should be.

This is a seafood lover's dream and won't disappoint. It is one of the pricier buffets in Vegas so if you don't like seafood, you can sit this one out. The Carnival World Buffet might be better suited for you on the other side of Rio's property. Well, let's get started with the showcase.

Chilled on ice, you will find peel and eat shrimp (all that your heart desires), crawfish (AKA nawlins mug bugs), freshly steamed and chilled mussels and snow crab legs, and oysters on the half shell. Remember, don't be shy to smell your seafood before you eat it, especially when it comes to raw shell fish. They should smell like fresh sea water. If you're not quite sure, put it down and try another one. The Rio has the highest quality of seafood, but it is always beneficial to make sure yourself.

On the steam table, they have tons of choices from hot, steamed crab legs with drawn butter, clams, and other seafood delicacies. They also have the best carved prime rib in town with au jus and horseradish. So you can have some Turf with your Surf (emphasizing Surf in a big way).

They also have a sushi bar. If you are a sushi newbie, this is the best way to try and not feel bad about not eating it. Grab a plate, pour yourself a side cup of shoyu (soy sauce) and a glob of wasabi (Japanese horseradish) and start choosing your pieces - they have sashimi (raw salmon, tuna, red snapper cuts) to intricate rolls like spicy tuna. If you're not sure, ask one of the sushi chefs behind the counter. They are always happy to answer your questions.

They call it the Seven Seas so you can take a trip around the world from the Mediterranean, Pacific Rim, Baja, and South America. Go light on these areas as they have a lot of pasta, breaded, and starchy items that may fill you up too quickly. And you really want to at least sample something from every section.

Last, but not least, the desserts bar. The Rio has the best desserts from pies to cakes to cookies to gelato. Spin the wheel of gelato with flavors like pineapple coconut, chocolate, strawberry, tiramisu, and Elvis. I'm not going to spoil this surprise so you'll just have to visit the buffet to find out what the Elvis flavor has in it for yourself. They also make mini versions of decadent desserts you'll find in fine dining restaurants - crème brulee, chocolate covered strawberries, cannolis, and much more.

If you're feeling lucky, take a drive out to Vegas. You'll definitely get a triple 7 at the Village Seafood Buffet.