Ohhhkayyyy pisani! Zio Kristiano is gonna tell you a thing or two about this great freakin' place in Woodbridge (aka dudebridge) Bro!

Being a proud EYE-talian (born and raised), I've grown up with a refined palate when it comes to quality eats from my motherland. Is your sauce over cooked? I ain't eating it. Pasta too soft? It's not happening. Cheese from Costco? Get ouutta here Bro! It's safe to say when it comes to Italian eats, I'm kind of a snob.

Several weeks ago I was at the Savour York Region media launch party and restaurant owner Joe L was present sampling some of delicious pizza. We got to talking and like any good Italian made sure my plate was loaded with one of every kind of pizza (so much for eating paleo I guess) But I was glad he did, each variety of pizza possessed a flavor combination that made my taste buds tingle. Far and away my favourites were the spicy (diavalo) and the the pepperoni and cheese (classic). They're on the regular menu so if Pizza is your game make sure you try these two!

More recently I stopped by to say hello at their Woodbridge location, and have a quick (healthy) lunch. Joe was there and we chatted - he's a super nice guy, if you see him say hi! I ended up ordering the arugula salad which was done with shaved parmigiano cheese and a light lemon and olive oil dressing AND the grilled calamari which was done in balsamic reduction (I believe) with olives and capers - perfectly cooked!

The decor is gorgeous and the staff were super attentive (which is great to see they've improved now since past reviews). Not to mention the meal was reasonably priced and l left comfortable and full. If you're looking for a private dinner, they have a great private dining room in the basement that comes equipped with anything you might need to conduct a business lunch (TV screen, computer hook up, etc)

What's even cooler is, if you LOVE the food at this location they've also got a new EXPRESS location that JUST opened up in Richmond Hill so you can get their food quick time on the go!

Looking forward to coming back many times again because I mean... THAT'S ITALIAN!

Eatcrest Out!