I've had this place bookmarked for a few weeks now, so when my friend suggested we go eat this was my first choice. Normally my choices are, from what he says, not good; but Streetcar Po' Boys was a great one!

If you are coming from the Westside,  Summerlin,  Spring Valley, or any location West of the 15 my suggestion would be to take any side street, Rainbow, Decatur, Jones, Durango, or what have you and go straight down Oakey. GPS is lame and takes you all these crazy routes. Basically,  its next to Little Darlings off Western and Oakey right under the 15.

Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess and D'nis let us choose where we wanted to sit. We chose a spot next to the kitchen and it was a great choice because we got to speak to the cook and workers throughout our visit.  We checked out the menu and being that I'm a lame and don't eat any seafood besides shrimp I opted for The Big Easy (9.25$) my friend was going with the same alas their shipment of goodies was delayed so I got the last remaining shrimp, yay me, sorry breh! He is more adventurous and got The Gulf (8.95$) fully dressed. With your Po' Boy you get cajun chips, and coleslaw.  You can opt to add sides which start at 1.99 $ more. He also ordered a Cafe Au Late which I had a sip of and it was sweet and delicious! 

Whilst waiting for our food we chatted with the cook, who was extremely informative and super nice! He told us how all of their seafood and bread is flown in from Louisiana, and that granny wouldn't have it any other way, awesome! We ordered beignets (3 for 3.50 $) and they were brought out to us hot and fresh! They were delectable,  but beware of that pesky powdered sugar! These are definitely a great accompaniment to the cafe!

Our Po' boys were brought out and we were super impressed.  I ordered mine sans tomatoes, and it was perfect!  The shrimp was not overcooked or overly/underly breaded and the mayo they use is a great compliment to the bread and all the fixins. The catfish used in my friends sandwich is different from their normal strips, granny opted for large filets which were flaky and delicious my friend said. The cajun chips are also delicious with a zing added with those yummy Creole spices! Coleslaw was also yummy, not too acidic like some other places. 

During our grubfest the cook came out to assure we were satisfied and also offered us samples of either fried or grilled alligator. I didn't wimp out and actually tried a piece of the fried, which was not bad. A sweet little cooks helper came out and offered us some banana bread muffins she was experimenting with and wanted our honest opinions on them, they were sensational but I suggested possibly adding walnuts to half the batch as D'nis is not kosher with them dudes. 

All in all this was an excellent choice on my behalf, haha. The food is tasty and customer service is just amazing! The food is reason to go back, but customer service is what's going to get you to stay and be regulars.  

We will definitely be back! I only see this place relishing, support your local businesses!  

As an added note, they are no longer open for breakfast! Hours are from 11am til close.

Yay!