My husband wanted me to try Bobchon, so we found this place on yelp and kept it in my bookmarks. So glad my hubby remembered me mentioning it was a late night spot being we were looking to get dinner around 10pm last night. 

Parking was a nightmare, but understandable considering the food and entertainment options in the plaza. 

Overwhelmed by the loud karaoke place next door, we were relived when we walked in  to the calm Bistro. We were kind of exhausted from the day and wanted a calm meal. The ambiance was unique. Loved the private feel that was given with the garland-like curtains. The tables were quite large so an intimate feel was missing but we fixed that by sitting side-by-side on the bench. 

We started with drinks. We typically like to drink something imported to go with the ethnicity of the meal. Thanks to our server, she was extremely understanding when we didn't care for the pomegranate wine and brought us two Korean beers instead. BO was a perfect match for our meal!

The chicken wings ruined me. I will never be able to eat a chicken wing anywhere else. You can hear the crunch with every bite! You'd think that with a wing as crispy as these the meat would be dried out but that is NOT the case here at all. Each bite was filled with juicy goodness!  The wings were huge but honestly the crispy outer skin was what made them, along with the supreme sauce of course!  Next time I would do the popcorn chicken. I spied them on the table beside us and loved that you could mix and match two sauces and I can only imagine the crisp you'd get with every bite!  The slaw that accompanied the wings was nothing to brag about. I was hoping it would have share a similar flavor of the macaroni salad they give as a side before the meal. 

Now, once the spice from the Supreme sauce was all I could taste, the pickled daikon was a great way to cleanse the palate before delving into our pizza.  How unique, pizza at a Korean bistro!  I'm glad that we were able to do two toppings.  We went specifically for the kalbi pizza but to our surprise the sweet potato pizza blew us away!  

Overall the food was great!  Service was slow, we sat for a while waiting to get out of there.  I guess that was a good thing because it gave our full bellies some time to rest!