I take 1-2 annual "bro" trips to Vegas with my college friends out east.  We always try to do something new and this year we decided to go for nicer steakhouses.  I swore by SW @ Wynn, but my friend staying @ Palms Place really liked N9NE.  He works as a butcher, so he knows his meats, so his recommendation carries a lot of weight.  

Our dinner reservation was around 6:30 pm on a Tuesday.  When we walked in, we really didn't need one because it was dead, although it did get really packed as we left.  But since we were like 1 of 5 tables there, our food was served quickly and service was incredible.

I started off with a Moscow Mule.  Lately, it's been my new go to drink and most places I've been to (unless they promote it as a specialty) don't do it right.  N9NE did it right...they used actual ginger beer.  They even used a copper cup.

We started with the calamari and WOW.  I don't think i've actually ever had fresh fried calamari before...it was always frozen.  This was definitely fresh....you could tell the difference.  It didn't have any rubbery texture to it.  Perfectly cooked, I couldn't stop munching on these.

The complimentary bread was a variety of different kinds of breads...pretzel rolls, focaccia (SP?), and some crispy flatbreads.  All tasty and moist...none of it was dried out.  

I ordered Barry's Special, which was a prime rib w/shisito peppers and pearl onions in au jus.  I had it cooked medium rare and it came out exactly how I requested.  The peppers and onions gave it a little bit of zest, but not to the point where you couldn't taste the beef.  The peppers and onions themselves were also amazing with the beef and I ate everything on that plate.

For sides, we had ordered some gnocchi and creamed spinach.  The spinach came out melted with cheese all over it and the gnocchi was definitely made differently than what I'm used to.  The gnocchi almost looked like chinese rice rolls they serve at dim sum (cheung fan), sitting in a small layer of a cheesy cream parmesan sauce.  

The gnocchi was fantastic...it was seared on the top and bottom and it gave it a small crunch (not too crunchy, think of when they make a grilled burrito at taco bell...that level of sear) that enhanced the flavor.  It wasn't as thick as most gnocchi is...it was definitely more delicate but I like this twist on gnocchi as it didn't have that floury taste that gnocchi sometimes has.

The spinach was the only disappointment of the night....way too salty.  

Between 3 people, our check total was about $200 (including drinks)....not bad for a quality steakhouse.  

Pics:  
http://instagram.com/p/etHfSSAjhl/ Barry's special with the gnocchi in the background.
http://instagram.com/p/etHOQgAjhU/  Kobe style beef burger with homemade fries.  The fries were definitely made there, not frozen, and cooked in peanut oil.  I love the way they even stacked them up....I don't see many places that make a presentation out of fries.
http://instagram.com/p/etHIBKAjhL/  Kobe style meatloaf with a fried egg on top.  This one was definitely unique....a little salty I felt though.
http://instagram.com/p/etHsgqgjh3/  The gnocchi.  Sorry for the crappy blurry shot.

Aside from the one blunder of creamed spinach, everything here was excellent.  The service, the food, the drinks, and it wasn't outrageously expensive compared to other steakhouses I've been (like BOA) for what you get.