For a little place like this, I'm certainly impressed with the service I've received. I've been here three times now. Every person I've spoken to who works here is incredibly friendly and super helpful. 

I will second Anna V's comment about their beef shawarma. It is the beefiest tasting shawarma I've ever had. Ali (one of the owners, I believe) informed me that they do their shawarma the way they do it back at home, where they don't stuff the sandwich full of veggies and other things. Instead, they let the flavor of the meat shine through. That being said, if you want veggies in your shawarma, they'll do it for you as well. I'm fine with my veggies being on the side. This was good the way it was. 

The other day when I came, I ordered one of of their Ghadir plates, which includes 2 shawarma sandwiches, fries or rice, mixed pickles, and salad for $14.99. I also ordered their beef kafta plate ($10.99), which includes 2 skewers of kafta, rice or fries, salad, mixed pickles, hummus, garlic sauce, and pita. This was intended to feed 3 people. We ended up having about a third of it left. Part of this was because I was asked if I wanted rice or fries, and I said both. I was assuming that my kafta plate would have one, and my Ghadir plate would have the other. When I opened my 3 takeout boxes, I discovered that my kafta plate had rice, one box of my Ghadir plate had fries, and the other box of my Ghadir plate had both fries and rice. Huh. 

Their rice looks like it's curry flavored. It's good, but I prefer the fries, especially because of their hummus and their garlic sauce. Both are delicious. Fries in hummus and garlic sauce. Mmmm. Just bring breath mints. 

The kafta was tender and seasoned quite nicely. They have BBQ platters intended for families to share. Next time, I'm getting one of those. They've got things like 10 kafta skewers, hummus, pickles, and and pitas for $29.99. They've also got a whole BBQ chicken with garlic sauce, pickles, and pita for $14.99. For an additional $5, they'll add 3 cans of pop and a choice of large rice or fries to that BBQ chicken meal. I sound like I'm advertising. I'm not. I'm just excited to eat here again.