Easter Sunday and my boyfriend takes me on a surprise brunch date. I was ECSTATIC when I realized we were going to Zenith. I have driven past this place, literally hundreds of times and probably every single time said "I really want to go there!"

We waited in line for a minute and chose to seat with another group in order to be seated more quickly. No problem at all. We grabbed ourselves a coffee to start, had some water, ordered an iced tea and our entrees and headed over to the buffet. It was unbelievable how much food was there. With the $11.50 purchase you receive: a drink, the buffet and an entree. How cheap is that?! Here's a list of some of the items I had at the buffet and a description of how delicious they were:

Peanut Noodles- this was most definitely my favorite item on the buffet by far. The cold noodles were so tasty and I couldn't stop eating them. SO DELICIOUS.
Macaroni Salad- reallllllly good. 
Potatoes with a chimichurri sauce- SO GOOD
Broccoli with mushrooms- so good. the broccoli was crunchy and the mushrooms were juicy and packed with flavor
Veggie Orzo salad- YUM. Again, packed with flavor
Fruit salad- fresh and tasty
Spinach & Strawberry Salad- Amazing. 

Do you see a pattern here? Everything was incredible. It was all cold items, and all packed with flavor. I wasn't sure how my carnivorous boyfriend would react to this place, but he and I agreed on every item we tried. In addition to the cold salads at the buffet, they had different bread options, as well as a desert table with pies and tons of cakes. I tried a lemon mint rum pound cake, strawberry vanilla pound cake and a chocolate almond one. ALL of them were so delicious. 

Was that all we ate? Of course not. In addition to the incredible buffet, you get to pick an entree. The list of options weren't too big, about 8 options. I went with the vegan lemon pancakes with strawberry topping. My boyfriend went with the vegan bbq seitan sandwich. I really enjoyed my pancakes- they were SO tasty and moist and just insanely delicious. My boyfriend wasn't as crazy with his sandwich- he ate it and liked it but thought it was a little dry. Both of our meals came with a curried rice, which actually wasn't super good, but it didn't matter, because there were SO many buffet items to compensate for it. 

The most random insanely delicious item we had there? The ICED TEA. It was literally the best iced tea I have ever had. It was just black iced tea, but it was so tasty and bolder than other teas I've had. We were sad we couldn't take a pitcher home with us.

In addition to the food, I LOVED this place because of the experience of it. Chairs and other decor hanging above your head while you eat, different colored rugs on the floor, pictures and other items all over the walls- it was so entertaining to look at everything. After I ate, I walked around the store for a bit to look at the clothes, shoes, jewelry and everything else they had to offer. 

Basically, I'm obsessed with this place. The service was great, the food was unbelievable, the atmosphere was so fun... I am anxiously anticipating when I can return again! :)