I came here for my weekly #foodieFridayfind. Which is my attempt to try restaurants that I haven't tried before. I remember coming to this place when I was a kid (because its been here forever) and I remember having the pizza but I have not been here since then. 

I perused their menu on Yelp and noticed the well-priced lunch specials. Since I was in the mood for pasta, I decided to give their fettuccine alfredo a try. 

I called in and placed my order with a pleasant gentleman on the phone. He told me my order would be ready at 2:05pm.  I found this very refreshing being that most places just say 10 or 15 minutes. 

At 2:00 pm, I walked in and my order was already ready. The lady behind the counter had a personality so dry you could make sandpaper from it. When I walk in she said, "Are you Britt?" (Uh,,,what if I wasn't?!...But that's beside the point.) And began to ring me up without any further exchange. 

After our awkward exchange, a kind older gentlemen came up and began chatting with me.  I looked in the bag and asked if there was salt and pepper and realized there were no utensils.  He handed me a wrapped set which had everything I needed inside.  I initially noticed him making his rounds to tables inside and outside, chatting up the clients. When we started talking, I realized he was the same gentleman that took my order so efficiently.  He has outstanding customer service and rapport building skills and was a breath of fresh air.    


Beware the decor is definitely a bit dated but it is clean inside and out.  

I had my typical open-air, picnic lunch (aka lunch in the car with the windows open). 

First I went for the salad, it was disappointing at best: Red-tinted iceberg with a single tomato wedge.  The dressing was labeled as a balsamic vinaigrette on the menu but was really just oil and vinegar and no seasonings. I added some salt and pepper went for it. It was lackluster at best.  

The bread was better.  It is definitely their pizza dough rolled in the form of a bread stick/mini loaf  It had that characteristic yeast-forward flavor of fresh pizza dough which may be off putting to some, but I thought it was pretty good.  It was certainly hot and fresh and had good texture, so all pluses there.  

Admittedly at this point, I was skeptical about how the pasta was going to taste and I prepared for the worse. I was thinking that all my fellow Yelpers had led me into the lion's den
...But alas...

Yelp doesn't disappoint!

The pasta was absolutely amazing and quite possibly the most well-executed fettuccine alfredo I've ever had.  Perfectly smooth, quality ingredients, well-spiced.  The pasta was perfectly al dente with just the right amount of salt and pepper.  This whole meal (pasta, salad and bread) set me back less than $8. #win

I cannot wait to come back to have this dish again and try some of their other delectable delights.