The Bloody Good Pies are  finally here in the city!  No more need to venture out to The Queensway location because they are officially opened on Dundas St. West at Claremont just west of Bathurst.

When I saw the sign last week while running by, I was so excited! They took over The Happy Hooker location, (fish and chips place that closed last December) I think this will be one of my new favourite neighbourhood place.

There's definitely a savoury pie for everyone's palates from carnivores to herbivores, plus additional sides of fries or salad or coleslaw for $3.95. A complete meal in a lovely packaged box, this could absolutely be my new happy meal! :)

For my first pie at this location, I ordered the braised beef rib ($8.45), the first pie listed on the blackboard. Omigosh! It really was as good as it gets.  The crust was nice and flaky, they definitely didn't skimp on the butter. The filling was plentiful with lots of tender chunks of beefy goodness, mushrooms and potatoes.  It was so moist and flavourful because the meat was simmered in red wine (no complaints there). I just savoured every mouthful.  In addition, the home cooked fries were simply delish with the right amount of salt and was so tasty alone.  There was no need to slather on the ketchup. So much for my meatless Monday today.

They also have desserts, a selection of five sweet pies and cookies available for those sweet tooth if you still have room after your meal or just order to take home. I still had room for dessert, so I ordered the triple berry crumble pie.  Lucky for me it was on the house since they were closing for the day.  What a nice treat and it was definitely delicious just like the caution on the box.

Limited amount of seating with nine stools around the window and wall and a small table with seating for four.  They also have two benches outside with side trays that were custom made for the pie boxes.  Now that's ingenious. Location is extremely close to Trinity Bellwoods Park, so why not have it to takeout and have a picnic in the park.

Service was absolutely amazing!  I was welcomed very warmly by Olivia upon entering.  She was such a doll with her bubbly and friendly personality. Plus she had the same tone and friendliness with every customer that came in while I ate there.

I'm already looking forward to working my way down the list of pies both savoury and sweet, so what are you waiting for? Go get your bloody good pies before it gets busy.