The family has been planning to come back since our visit Mothers Day.  I figured since I've been twice in a row this week, I should write a update.

I planned to have lunch with my mom and grandma in law and they were suggesting to come back. They wanted the Stir Fried Linguini and Massaman again. This was definitely a test in consistency and it was right on and just as good. This time the massaman had avocado pieces which made it even better for me! I also tried the Chicken Tom Khar. Lisa (chef/owner) came and said it wasn't coming out the way she wants with consistency since she changed and tried a different coconut milk. I thought it was still good as the flavor of the spices came through and made up for a lack of creaminess from the coconut milk. 

I guess the BF felt shafted we went without him so we went for lunch the very next day. We had pork pad se ew which had a great flavor. The noodles were a little sticky, but I rather like sticky noodles than the usually greasy treatment of this dish at other places. We got chicken red curry. This is different than most reds I've had, less thick and a bit more watery but the flavor is much more complex. I loved the addition of eggplant and squash to this dish as those went well with the curry flavor. I love meat, but I equally love vegetables that are fresh so it's a big plus for me that the curries here isn't all sauce and meat. The BF and I had a good talk with Lisa about her food and a bit about their past restaurants and such. I loved that she said that since they don't have overhead they spend it on proper good ingredients because it's about the customers. That good food needs good ingredients to become a superior dish. If only every single business adopted that instead of cutting corners on ingredients they might have solid dishes and avid fanbases! And it's not like she is just saying that....we can see her cook and I see that their ingredients are quality (like our Thai Tea had organic Horizon milk) and fresh (herbs from their garden, fresh kefir instead of dried they obtain from LA, Melissa's produce). Considering the quality for the price, it is a steal of a meal! Many places charge about this much for much less quality.

 I LOVE this place! It feels so comfortable to dine here with how friendly they are. It's like being in the Wong's home. 

This is THE BEST Thai food I've had in the city and reminds me of some great Thai food giants in Los Angeles (if you didn't know- has the largest population of Thai in the US) solid Thai home cooking. I thought Thai Grill solved all my Thai food answers here in Vegas, but I think this has definitely bumped to my number one.  I rarely endorse a place this hard, but if you are gonna read any of my reviews and decide to go to a place, I hope I influence you to give this humble place a try.

 A small UYE coming soon so check the calendars!