Though we have been going to The Peppermill Restaurant for more than 30 years, this is the first time I have checked in and reviewed on Yelp.

The Peppermill has been a 'must go' and honestly excellent choice for dining any time of day for us.

The restaurant has beautiful Tiffany lamps over each table that were made for the Peppermill specifically.  I wanted to buy one, but sadly, they are originals and made for the restaurant only. I LOVE the lamps!  They add to the ambience, along with the other lighting that reminds me of the beautiful past of Las Vegas. 

The menu is amazing, offering a multitude of choices for breakfast, lunch, brunch, dinner and all day dining.

We usually show up right after the lunch rush, when it is a little less busy.  It's a little less busy, but less likely to have to wait for a table.

The meals we chose this time were different than the usual eggs Benedict and Lorraine Omelet, or Cobb salad.  We went off the normal grid and went for sandwiches.  The menu has SO MANY things to offer, it takes a few minutes [or more] to decide.

I chose the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich on sourdough bread, sans onions and with cottage cheese instead of fries and it was delicious!  The sandwiches are HUGE and more than enough to share.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection, and exactly as I ordered.  

Hubby chose the Peppermill Club sandwich, which is served with huge crispy onion rings.  Again, delicious and enough to share. It was absolutely EXCELLENT!

We were lucky enough to be in Vegas longer so on our second visit, our friend went along and ordered the pancakes. They are, like everything at the Peppermill, huge and enough to share.  Served with multiple choices of toppings, a side of eggs and choice of meat, it's a meal that will take you through the day, and again, enough to share.

I branched out on that second visit and went for the French Dip sandwich on sourdough bread, which is served with Au Jus and I chose the sweet potato fries to go with the meal. It was absolutely amazing!  Again, enough to share and more than I could possibly eat in one seating.

Hubby ordered the Peppermill Bloody Mary and said it was also wonderful.

The service is impeccable.  From the minute people are seated, they are greeted with a refreshing glass of water and offered drinks while guests have the time to peruse the menu, which genuinely does take some time to decide; so many choices!  All cooked to order and FRESH!

Honestly, we have literally been there at least 100 times since The Peppermill opened.  Collage French Toast is delicious, and my kids favorite. There are so many different things we've enjoyed over the years, and have always had a great time.

The Fireside Bar is set away from the main dining area and features an awesome fire pit lounge seating area for enjoying quite conversations, and a main bar seating area.  It's calming and beautiful.

Going to Vegas?  The Peppermill is something to make sure is on your 'must go,' list.  Hands down, one of the very best places to dine.