NEW ENGLAND FRY ----- I am a huge fried calamari fan, so of course after seeing pictures of the "New England Fry" all over Yelp's Honey Salt page, I had to try it for myself. It came with fried calamari, fried clams, shishito peppers, and cured lemon aioli sauce on the side. My Bf and I came with 4 other people, so it was slightly embarrassing when I was the only one who ordered an appetizer (meant to be shared with the table) then smoked the fried calamari dish on my own in under two minutes.... just kidding, I would do it again with no shame. DEFINITELY recommend trying this if you are a calamari fan like I am. 

MY WIFE'S FAVORITE SALAD (duck confit, arugula, frisée, pine nuts, pomegranate, sunny-side-up egg) -----  it's not a large entree salad, so you won't be completely full if you order it alone, but would be good after sharing an appetizer. Duck tastes great and don't let the egg throw you off... I usually don't like sunny side up kind of eggs, but it is really good!

CARAMELIZED SEA SCALLOPS (charred cauliflower, vanilla bean cauliflower puree, truffle sauce)----- for the price, I don't think this was worth it, but I really liked the dish overall-- great flavor and texture. The scallops were very small and I'm pretty sure I finished the entire thing in five minutes while everyone at my table was still taking their time with their food. 

My Bf had the curry and he was not impressed. That's probably because curry isn't really an American food so you can't really expect it to be as amazing as the curry you'd find at more ethnic restaurants. My friend & her husband also split the fried chicken which I have heard was really good from multiple people. I wanted to try it but since I was already ordering the scallops, I didn't want to be THAT fat girl. BUT the next time I go, I will be ordering the fried chicken for sure!

I am not really a huge fan of American food, but I would come back here for sure if I am in the area. (I also find it hilarious that this restaurant is located in whitest shopping center ever: Ann Taylor, Gap, Pottery Barn, PF Changs... hah!) It is also a good idea to make reservations ahead of time because it was packed in there!