The good fork has never failed me - ever! And I have been about a million times (okay maybe I'm exaggerating a little but you get the idea). I have never been disappointed in an order. One time the bacon-vodka caesar had a bit too much vodka in it but that's not really a complaint, I'm just a pansy. 

My fail-safe orders include the fork scramble (with poached eggs instead of scramble) or the southerner sandwich with homefries obviously! I used to get salad as the side but then I realized if I'm already eating out, who cares about being healthy, amirite? The homefries are lightly seasoned and are perfection in your mouth with a dollop of ketchup and hot sauce. 

If I'm feeling really hungry I get the steak (med-rare) & eggs (overeasy). OK, so the southerner is a bit hefty as well but it's brunch, you don't come to eat like a little girl. The steaker sandwich also gets a mention. Basically, if you want steak for breakfast (or anything for breakfast, really), come here. 

Red velvet pancakes on the side are A MUST. It doesn't matter what I'm getting I always order these. It comes with a cream cheese frosting that's not too sweet and the perfect accompaniment. You don't even need the maple syrup!  

If you want something changed on an item they are very happy to oblige. I always change up the eggs as I like my eggs a certain way (i.e. not scrambled or sunny side up). They've got a huge array of hot sauces as well and ketchup in glass bottles. I don't know about you but stuff always tastes better coming from a glass bottle. 

Should you be so lucky, parking is found on Bloor St. There's also a big green P lot on Armadale Ave (first street East of Jane St off Bloor). If you come during regular brunch hours (11-1pm) be prepared to wait. Possibly an hour or more. But trust me it's worth it! There's lots of small shops that you can peruse to kill time or just chill at the coffee shop a few doors down. I was told that they increased the prices but I didn't notice. Honestly, just take all my money and gimme the food.

P.S. As I write this I've already made plans to go back today. Haha!