What a great way to enjoy excellent food.  You must put this place on your must eat here list.  I really enjoyed the dinner service and so did everyone at my table.  Imagine great plating, excellent choices of protein, a starter, and a dessert.  This is what you will get here and on a shoestring budget.  At only $16 per person for dinner service this is an excellent value.  If you must spend more, bottles of wine, by the glass, cocktails, and beer can be had as well. 

I still am in shock at the bill, it was literally nothing for the 3 courses of food provided.  Bread is also part of the meal, which was quickly devoured by myself and my guests.  With 3 types of butter to sample and enough fresh bread just to get you excited for the meal to come.  

I enjoyed the pork belly starter and also sampled the pizza starter by one of my guests.  Truly excellent pork belly and the pizza had fresh mozzarella and sun dried tomatoes. The tomatoes had a nice sweetness to them.  I would personally pick the pork belly again or try the scallops for a starter next time.  I assume the menu changes every month so get down there if you want to sample the same dishes. :)

For the main course I chose the flat iron steak.  It was a  great dish and no steak knife was provided.  No worries, the butter knife provided cut the meat well with no effort.  Looking for a flavorful steak? Try it here, I was most impressed and yes I eat it rare plus.  I would never cook it rare plus at home, but I am always excited to try it at a restaurant.  

Finally the dessert course.  We all were full at this point.  However we must not let the sour cream ice cream go to waste.  Yes the most delicious part of the desert, yes the hazelnut chocolate was rich and very good, but the ice cream was different.  That difference will bring us back.  We could eat the ice cream without anything else.

If you did not know this it is a school and most likely you will get waiters, waitresses, and I assume even the chefs are students.  Not a bad idea and most likely the wait staff and chef is trying to do their best.   Also this is a nice restaurant and reminded me of typical fine dinning.  The only thing I will request for next time is a window seat.  It would be great to be by the huge glass windows at night during dinner.  Give them a call and set up a reservation.   Hope you have the opportunity to enjoy dinner here, cheers.