Egg slut! Yes please! I come to Vegas twice a year I always stay at the cosmopolitan.  The one thing that was lacking was a amazing breakfast spot.  I was soooo excited when my promoter told me they put egg slut in. 

Just so everyone knows these egg sandwiches are a step above traditional. I'm from NY I eat a bacon egg and cheese 2 times a week. The egg sandwiches at egg slut are like a gourmet version. Not sacrificing the speedy service. 

Anytime between 8am and 11am there will be a line around the corner. One morning I waited over 30 mins for a sandwich (not joking). There was that many people in line. You can not make reservations or call ahead. I did find out. If you are VIP at the cosmo. They will get your sandwiches for you. Of coarse on the last day. 

The menu is not huge. Egg slut only offers a few sandwiches. The eggs are cage free organic from a local farm. So is the bacon. The bacon egg and cheese is $8 this comes on brioche bun and with chipotle ketchup. The fairfax. Is amazing. It's scrambled eggs with chives cheddar cheese caramalizes onions and siracha mayo.  Sooo fricken good. But the simplicity of the menu is what makes them so good. Along with the organically. I'm a huge fan of only a few items because if you do one thing they will come out consistent every time. This place does some business. Turn over is quick. 

The only complaints I have. There are only a few seats and there bar style. I wouldn't want to eat in here it's too loud. I would bring it to my room 95% of the people were grabbing here food and leavening. The second issue is after you place your order. You have to walk all the way to the other end to pick the order up. You walk through the restaurant to get to the pick up area. Then you have like no place to stand. There's a bunch of people standing waiting for there food. Blocking other people. It was interesting. The one day it was so crowded in the pick up area. I waited outside the restaurant. Behind the bar seating. I couldent hear the girl calling my name. Some guy asked me if I was josh cause my order was ready. It was kinda funny. 

Overall. Egg slut is a much needed addition to the cosmo. I love this place. Great breakfast spot I highly recommend coming here. I will continue coming here every morning I'm at the cosmo. There solid and consistent.