We were on our way to lunch to another restaurant when we noticed the banner about TM. My husband could eat mexican food seven days a week, so we decided to give it a try.  They opened at the beginning of November, so they still have Alex Padilla as their Executive Chef.  We were so happy we had the opportunity to meet him and talk to him for a few minutes.  

This place has been completely remodeled, I didn't even realize until a few minutes later that this is where Roy's used to be.  I loved the decor, simple, classy.  The decorative doors are really cool.  We started with a couple of margaritas.  My husband had the Taberna and I had the classic.  They were both excellent.  I was not very hungry so I decided to have the Jicama salad.  It was not only beautiful but also delicious and refreshing.  Loved the texture combination.  My husband had the tortilla soup, and the beef tacos.  I am not a soup person, but I found myself going back to my husbands soup 4 or 5 times more.  Every bite was a little different, one time some corn another the melted cheese at the bottom.  The presentation is really beautiful, a miniature cast iron pot, with the lid to the side, very clever.  The soup is not the broth base type, maybe that is why I liked it.  I only eat chicken soup when I am sick.  This is more of a tomato base and creamier.  The beef tacos are made with filet mignon, I took a bite and it was delicious.  

I thought I was going to be good today, but then we had a couple of desserts in front of us.  I couldn't resist, I loooooove Tres Leches cake, so when I saw it in front of me, I was in love.  It was perfect, the texture, the milky/condensed milk oozing from the soft, spongy cake.  I had more than what I should have.  I will have to go on the treadmill a couple of extra hours this week.  I also had the flan, this is the Mexico City style with cream cheese, which makes it a little denser.  It was truly delicious, but I am still partial to Tres Leches, I think this might be the best one I have had in the past six years.  I'll post some pictures of the dishes we had soon,  they were too pretty not to picture them.

I am so happy this place is in Scottsdale,  I love Phoenix and its cuisine, however I have too many friends who are not adventurous enough to stray away from their area.  I will definitely come back sometime soon and enjoy a drink by the fireplace.  Really cool place!