Sushisamba has restored my faith in fusion restaurants!

* did I just say that?! *

Their menu is very eclectic and extensive comprising of Japanese, Peruvian and Brazilian influences, with a fun cocktail and sake menu to match. This place does wonders for the partygoers in Vegas: a very lively ambiance, great for big groups and the food is kick ass too. 

And sometimes, you get luckier with an awesome server like Max. He deserves a raise (and the 25% tip we gave him!) From start to finish, we were completely taken cared of.  At first, we couldn't decide if we want to order sushi, ramen, sashimi, ceviche, churrasco, how many appetizers, are we gonna order sake?! Or just cocktails? Maybe both? (why is this even a question?!) 

He suggested the omakase menu, asked what price point we were comfortable with ($50/person, not including alcohol) and what we want to have: definitely foie gras, definitely meat and some sushi. 

He went to town! OMG. All these years I've come to Vegas, this is one of the few times when we put our total trust on our server and we were so happy we did! 

We sipped on pisco sours, Hendrick's cucumber martini and ordered a bottle of sake. Soon after our food came and the kitchen paced our dishes well. 

The Appetizers: steamed organic edamame, green bean tempura with truffle aioli and grilled shishito peppers.
 
From the small plates menu: the freshest tuna tataki topped with white asparagus and avocado,  crispy-chewy salt and pepper squid and pork gyoza with kabocha pumpkin purée and su-shoyu dipping sauce. 

The miso marinated chilean sea bass was the softest fish ever! simply served with roasted asparagus, it was incredible to have seafood this fresh in Vegas.

Undeniably, the star of the show was the Rio Grande plate which came with grilled hangar steak, ribeye and pork tenderloin. It's a good thing there weren't any vegeatarians in our group, we dove into that plate with so much gusto! the malaguito pepper oil and chimichurri sauce paired perfectly with our succulent meats.

Then came more food! three different sushi rolls and a couple of nigiri sushi. California sucks for banning foie gras, so I'm glad that Max included the Yamato roll in our omakase menu:  tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar made prettier with gold leaf. Holy mother of [fill in the blank here]!!!!  JUST GET IT.

You'd think we'd end the fantastic meal right here, but no, our birthday girl wasn't forgotten: a complimentary chocolate mousse with malted balls inluding a sparkler for the celebrant! sister was all smiles, of course.

Thank you sushisamba! Ask for Max if you want to turn your night from ordinary to a great one!