Ok before you read this review you have to know a couple things about me. 

1. I am gluten intolerant. Really! Not the people who just leave out bread and pasta and think gluten isn't in practically every processed food including broth.

2. I am a country girl. I believe people should not be judged by the amount of butter they consume. I believe everything can be made better by being batter dipped and fried. 

So, I moved to PHX from VA in 2015. My hunt began for a decent gluten free bakery. On a Tuesday, I had extra time in the morning so, I consulted with Yelp and decided to give Jewel's a chance.

I hadn't even looked at the menu when I approached the cashier. I was speechless when he told me the entire menu is gluten free. All the cupcakes, brownies... Donuts (and real donuts not cake in the shape of a donut like all the other gluten free donuts I've seen).... All of it Gluten Free. In a rush to decide, when I saw chicken and waffles - I had to give them a try. 

Have I mentioned my belief system on everything is better with a batter???? Also, I make some BOMB fried chicken and come from a family who can throw down on some soul food. So, to say my standards are high, is an under statement. 

Oh... My... God.... Praise the sweet 8 lb 7 oz baby Jesus.... These were the best chicken and waffles I have ever had in my life. Separately, the waffle was light and chewy - just a dream!!!! The chicken had just enough batter and flavor. Then the dish came with two sauces a lemony honey one I dipped the waffle in which had just enough sweetness. Then there was a spicy honey one for the chicken.... Because every southern knows fried chicken and hot sauce are a married couple!!!! An added bonus was the fried Kale that was on top. It added a lovely flavor contrast but didn't take away from the dish.

I also adored the style of the place. Mismatched chairs surrounding tables. The place supports all local suppliers - which I have noticed is rare to find in AZ. I think I have found my new favorite place, I will definitely be back!!!