I love me my Juan's!  

I debated between 4 and 5 stars.  I decided on 5, and I will tell you why!

FOOD gets the 5 stars- a rating for "Old School Mexican Food"; not for Elements or Kai.  In the genre of budget-priced Mexican food, it's a 5 star.

The food is SOOOO good!  It is that old school Sonoran style type of Mexican I remember from when I was a kid in Phoenix (60's-70's).  It is simple, generous servings but not monstrously so.  

The staff are long-term, get to know you types.  They work hard, and are very easy going when it comes to just about anything; even when you pay, they'll take your group's bill and allow you to pay one at a time, so no dealing with a split check a the table.  This is good for groups going out for lunch from work.

In the early 90's there original location was on 16th St- TINY... and they were renown for their burros.  They are still a mainstay today and if you aren't certain of what to order, get a burrito.  Their tortas are also exceptional.  I am partial to the basic combo plates.

The drawbacks:  and yes, there are some-  

TIME.  I would go more often, but the amount of time you will wait can be very inconsistent.  Even when we arrive early (for lunch), there can be delays.  I shouldn't be gone for more than an hour for lunch, and have been 90 minutes twice when out at Juan's.  For me, this is a problem.  And even though i really like the wait-staff, i think that there are some organizational issues that cause the hold-ups.  Maybe understaffed?  I don't know for sure, but it's worth mentioning.

CHIPS.  I like the chips and hot sauce, but don't LOVE them.  They are the old school variety, which are OK but I do like me some really hot out of the fryer chips served with cold chunky salsa, and that's not what you'll get here.  You will get the smooth red hot sauce and usually tepid thicker chips. 

If you  haven't tried Juan's, and you don't have an inflexible schedule, DEFINITELY give them a try.  Order an old favorite, and see if you like how they prepare it.