I always love coming to this place and have been frequenting this establishment for years, in fact pretty much every time I am in Yorkville I eat here. I'm not sure if it's the owner or the manager but this gentleman is always wonderfully helpful and promptly greets guests on arrival always willing to help out staff and perform a variety of needed tasks around the restaurant.  The general feeling of the entire staff seems to be pleasant and well versed to help with menu selections or questions.

The venue is intimate and classy but still casual enough to be comfortable especially with many of the competing bistros this place I find is the best of both worlds. The patio is on the small side however it is overlooking the bustling street and as long as your not crammed right next to someone the feeling is more spacious then many of the other bistros in yorkville. I like the dimly lit interior with rich colors and wood treatments reminds me of the quaint bistros in paris and the fact that they are located right off the walkway adds to that ambiance I think.

I find the menu to be one of the more affordable ones in Yorkville with very interesting specials. I had the pan seared scallops as an app and actually wound up ordering it twice it was that good! Delish!! Im a huge fan of their antipasto and pretty much every appetizer on the menu, they pair so well with the wide variety of wines available by the glass. I never have an issue picking a tasty new selection as the staff is always super knowledgable and willing to offer very helpful suggestions. 
Pastas here are a pretty hefty portion and are melt in your mouth good! The agnolotti and gnocchi are among my favorites paired with the simple arugula salad I am always pleased.
They also have a large selection of pizzas,  the crusts are crispy with some interesting ingredient pairings that once again perfectly compliment a good glass of wine which they have plenty of.

There really is some hefty competition but when it comes to Yorkville Dimmi's is always on the top of my lis, I do suggest you try if you're willing to splurge a tad