After last night's fiasco at Lily's Thai-Vietnamese-Chinese restaurant, I had to think twice about trying another Thai-Vietnamese-Japanese fusion place so soon, BUT the $10 for $20 Yelp offer and the 4.5star rating after hundreds of reviews, I decided to give David Wong's Pan Asian a chance and I AM SO GLAD I DID! The food was SO DELICIOUS that we actually went back there the next night bringing the rest of the crew JUST so they can try the CRYING TIGER SALAD! Me & my family have now found a new fave place to eat! We ordered various items on the menu, and they were all good, food was freshly made and NO MSG! I am just going to give you a run down of MAI FAVES though, so here goes, definitely try the Roti, it comes with a  lightly sweet Malaysian yellow curry dipping sauce, the curries were really good too, we tried the massaman, & the panang, & the Pad See Ew was so flavorful , we tried the shrimp tiger salad with mangoes, that was delicious as well, but I have to say that the STAR of the dinner table was the Crying Tiger Salad, the steak was cooked just right, it melted in your mouth, you can tell it's char broiled, the dressing was phenomenal! I have to warn you though,they don't call it Crying Tiger for nothing, be careful when ordering your spice # coz the spiciness will make a tiger cry! I had # 3 and it was SPICY but good! My crazy husband dared to get # 4! Most of their menu items are spicy, so if you are not into spicy food your choices will be limited, but the owners and chef are VERY accommodating and will try to cater to your specific needs. Oh, and yes dessert, we definitely had room for dessert. We tried the fried ice cream as well as the fried cheesecake, I definitely like the fried cheese cake better, although we did clean both plates, Hungry much? We are definitely coming back to this place, it is pretty small, but I like to call it cozy, oh & YES they speak very fluent English! You can see the chef, who is David Wong's wife, lovingly preparing the meal you are about to chow down. You can clearly tell that she puts her heart & soul into her cooking, even though this is a small mom & pop restaurant all the dishes are presented like a work of art. They take pride in their product that is why they give it their best. So if you are having second thoughts, banish those fears from your brain, try this place out and you will discover a gem in the middle of Sahara.