Despite my five star rating we had a problem on our last visit to The Little City Grille.  As always, upon entering at 410 PM on Wednesday, October  16, 2013.  My wife and I pass through Boulder City at least twice a month and always patronize this great diner.  Their burgers and breakfasts are terrific and the service is always "top drawer".  Since we were passing through a little later this trip, we decided to go in and check out The Little City Grille's dinner menu.

Upon entering we were greeted (as always) with a genuine "hello" and smile.  The waitress suggested an appetizer (because they were delicious and 50% off).  Since my wife was going to have the NY Steak we chose the "hand breaded" mushrooms.  A few minutes later the waitress reluctantly returned to tell us they were out of the mushrooms.  She suggested the jalepeno poppers.  "Sure", we said the off she went.  Well, a few minutes later she returned to tell us that the poppers were also not available.  We decided to just order.

As I mentioned, my wife ordered the NY steak with mashed potatoes and veggies while I ordered the chicken parmesan  with a side of linguini.  When our dinners arrived my wife's steak dinner looked great.  In fact, the steak was cooked perfectly and the mashed potatoes and gravy were very good.  The vegetable medley of squash and tomatoes was fresh and lively.  My meal, on the other hand, was not so good.  The breaded chicken was topped with a generous portion of Swiss cheese.  The chicken was actually cooked very well.  The breading was crunchy on the outside while leaving the tender and moist meat on the inside.  Unfortunately, the meal went downhill from there.  The sauce was not a marinara sauce as promised on the menu.  It was more like chopped tomatoes on top of cold lifeless noodles.  The sauce (if you want to call it that) was over-spiced with heavy rosemary overtones.  As I mentioned, the noodles were actually cold.  I even checked the center bottom of the plate which left me with the same conclusion:  cold noodles.  

I gained the waitress's attention and explained the problem.  She appeared genuinely concerned and took the meal back for what she called a "re-heat".  I knew then I was in for more problems.  When the meal came back the entire meal was steaming.  The chicken no longer had its crunch, the chicken was dry, and the noodles, although hot, were over-cooked and tasteless.  I suspect the cook merely microwaved my meal.  Well, for $13.00  I do not expect a microwaved meal.

I tried The Little City Grille web site to contact the owners about these issuea but, unfortunately, there is no place to leave feedback.

We will continue to patronize The Little City Grille on a regular basis; however, if we pass through Boulder City late in the afternoon again, we will probably try another restaurant for dinner.