We stayed in what's called a Luxury 1 King View Suite on the 28th floor. Everything was immaculate; from the pillow top king sized bed, firm but comfortable, to the beautiful marble accented bath with separate tub and shower. And the first suite I've ever stayed in with a television in the bathroom. Sunken living room with electric powered drapes opening to a fantastic pool and Las Vegas Strip view. As well as the surrounding mountains. 3 flat screens  all of varying sizes. Just don't touch the snacks on the counter or anything in the refrigerator. I mean, sensors that will automatically charge you for even lifting one of the alcoholic beverages. Charged without any necessity of one drop of consumption. But no worries my fellow Yelpers, I was forewarned of those refrigerator sensors and on top of that, neither I or my wife drinks.

This is an impressive resort, providing so many reasons to stay on the premises; in dining, shopping and entertainment. But there are its minuses, none of which are cause for my lowering their 5 star rating from me:

1. We were given two American Breakfasts included with our suite at the Grand Lux Cafe, for both mornings of our stay there. Being that neither one of us eats pork, there is no substitute option for the meat choices provided: bacon, sausage, etc. All pork. But no problem, we did the vegetarian thing (both of us former vegetarians many moons ago) and enjoyed our choices of toast, English muffins, eggs and hash browns. What we didn't appreciate was that the server on day one took it upon himself to include an 18% gratuity on the bill. It was on the following morning that we saw on our next bill, the recommended gratuities listed for you. The previous server had apparently deleted those options. And being that this server was much more attentive and upbeat, we left her the 20%. She's the sweet redhead with the very upbeat attitude. 

2. A cheap faulty iron that shorted out half of the suite (entry way and bathroom) when trying to plug it in. We had to leave for dinner, then off to the Celine Dion concert, our main purpose for being in town this weekend. So I informed housekeeping of this and they assured me that they would take care of everything before we returned. To their credit all was taken care of, including a brand new iron still sitting in a bag on top of the ironing board I had left out. 

3. Apparently, someone on the cleaning staff took it upon themselves to snack on some gummy bears; $9.00 worth! I found this out during check-out and the kind woman behind the counter took it off immediately. Oh, but wait, that explains why one of the workers took it upon himself to barge into our room without knocking first, just as my wife was stepping out of the tub, almost stepping into view, but not quite. On seeing me he blurted out something about "coming to replenish the snacks". Really?! Without even knocking first?!!! Something fishy going on with the cleaning staff, and they were trying to have him cover up the dirty deed no doubt. We never, on numerous hotel stays in the past, ever touch anything offered for sell in our rooms. And rarely do I not latch everything on the door, we had just returned and earlier had requested housekeeping late, since we didn't leave early enough for the morning maid service. I guess he was hoping we hadn't returned yet.

4. Now this observation doesn't necessarily reflect on the Venetian, but since they're on the property I think management should be made aware. Why is it that on 3 separate occasions, I witnessed 2 of them my self, the salon by the name of Oceane offers free samples as women pass but immediately upon my wife's passing, swiftly withdraw the offer and go mute? Only to be heard making the same "free sample" pitch upon her passing? She told me that it also happened on a 3rd occasion while she was out strolling the grounds alone. Now mind you, my wife wasn't interested anyway, especially since they obviously were purposely avoiding making the offer to her. She tells me that on that 3rd occasion, she just stared at the saleslady, making her aware that she knew exactly what was going on. And she just happened to be passing by, since that's right next to Tao and a major exit. Coincidence you say? 3 different salesladies over the course of our 2 nights stay. "Oh he's just playing the race card". I never mentioned it being a race thing, my wife even saw them making the free sample pitch to a fair skinned African-American lady so that's not necessarily the point. I never mentioned anything about race, but saw seemingly every other woman of various backgrounds, the vast majority just happened to be Caucasian, of all shapes and age groups. And there was that one fair skinned African-American that my wife did see being offered a free sample. If they had seen the price of our 2 night stay and known that we weren't just passing through but staying there, do you think that would have made any difference?