I have been meaning to try this place for a while.  I love a good burger.  It is one of my favorite foods.  It took me a while because like most local downtown-midtown restaurants it closes early.  Hours are 8am - 7pm Monday to Friday. Sucks closed on the weekend.  I work a lot so I usually get out of work late.

I had the Mexican burger without mayonnaise.  I dis-like mayonnaise on burgers and sandwiches.  I find it rather appalling.  The only time I have mayonnaise is when it plays a minor role in potato salad or if it is fresh made aioli. 

Sorry my mind tends to wander.  Back to the burger!!  They reason they call it a Mexican burger is because of the green chilies.  I believe them  to be a New Mexico Hatch chilies.  Don't be scared of the word chili if you don't know Hatch green chilies are very mild.  It was also cheesy and greasy which are the sign of a good burger.  The fry's were crisp and delicious. Fry's are another one of my favorite foods, which I don't like to share with people.  So if I go out to eat with somebody I tell them they better order their own basket.  

They also have great desserts.  I had a banana split.  The only issue I have is that their root beer floats are made with Mug root beer because they serve Pepsi products.  Mug is the worst root beer I have ever had.

The best thing about this place is that it is very reasonable priced.  To order one of their burger combos with fry's and a 32 ounce drink goes for: $4.99 to $6:99.  It is always cool to find a cheap cool hang out because I am very frugal.  

The restaurant is located in a strip mall on the southeast corner of Thomas & Central.  It is easy to spot because  it has huge neon signs in the windows.  When you go inside is when you feel as you have stepped into a 50's dinner in a stand alone building.  It has diamond pattered stainless steel panels all over the walls.  Which honestly is a little dis-orientating but cool.  Also, with red table tops, red benches and metal chairs.  Plus a lot more 50's decor.

I will definitely be going often.  I guess I will have to sneak out of work early or take a long lunch break to go there.