This review is all about the private dining area they have downstairs and the food we ate.

Was fortunate enough to snag an invite to dine at the Guild through Avenue magazine and what a fantastic treat this turned out to be. First off the space is just beautiful with seating along both side of the room and a long table set up for us in the middle. The bar at the end of the room is quite eye catching. I would just love to host an evening event here as the space would be incredibly versatile.

We were treated to a couple of passed hors d'oeuvres which consisted of octopus pieces (so soft), bloody mary oysters, ceaser bites (mixed seafood balls deep fried), while sitting along the banquette seating. We were also having wine from Mission Hill that complimented the food really well, and servers were very observant to refill glasses though the hors d'oeuvres and into dinner service.

Table was set beautifully for the meal with fresh produce used for the center pieces. The head waiter also made a point to ask everyone in the group individually about allergies (which we had noted previously) to make sure that the correct meal went to everyone. Really nice touch that takes the service above and beyond.

Started with gin & tonic salmon which was unreal! Pretty sure it had been cold smoked as slightly firm on the outside and sashimi soft on the inside, dill creme fraiche, tonic gel on each piece of salmon, and Hendricks gin soaked cucumber bites. Can we start every meal this way for the rest of all time? Just the most amazing flavour all together.

Mains were served family style. Everyone got a plated mini Braised Alberta veal and Quebec foie gras suet pie, say mini as they have this dish as a shared meal on their menu.
Along the table they had plates of octopus legs, which were glazed with something delicious and super soft - its hard to get octopus right and they did a great job. 
Slow roasted pigs head was served with the skin glazed to a hard crackling style. You lift the skin to get at all the meat inside. This is a fattier part of the pig, but the meat is incredibly soft and well flavoured.
They also had a dish called Prairie Pie - like shepherds pie but with bison + wild boar and smoked mashed potatoes. Unreal! This may be the best thing I have ever eaten. Really hope they put this on the main menu at some stage.

At this stage I was getting real full, but dessert was still to be served. Birch syrup Chomeur Pudding, with garama masala shortbread and gooseberries. The syrup put the sweetness in the dish and wasn't overpowering. Even though I am normally not a dessert person, I managed to eat over half my portion before I had to stop because I was just so full!

Over all, one of the best meals I have ever eaten. I am not sure what their regular service in the restaurant is like. Very impressed with service we got and the care taken by all the servers through the event. I most definitely want to come back and try some other dishes on the huge patio they have.

This is not your cheap meal out, but based on our experience it is well worth every bite!