I say 5 stars are in order.  My  father-in-law passed away and my mom-in-law wanted to have lunch after the service, at the cemetery as the cemetery was right up the road. She chose Woody's. The staff, Dawn, was absolutely amazing! I called to get everything set up and it went off perfectly. Dawn was caring and compassionate. She made sure we were well taken care of. She was a pleasure to deal with. We got there a little later than we expected but they were ready. The food was warm and good, needed sustenance for our emotionally drained bellies. We needed food and they did a phenomenal job. My mom-in-law chose the two entree buffet option. She picked roast beef and boneless breaded chicken for the entrees. You get rolls, salad, a veggie (she chose glazed carrots), potatoes (she chose roasted red skin parsley), and a pasta (penne). They give you the option to add desserts for an additional cost (she said yes) and open or cash bar (it was a no in our case). And the bevvies were included. Other than the roast beef being quite dry, everything else was amazing! Good flavor on everything. Everything was cooked amazingly well, again, other than the roast beef. The chicken was tender. Pasta was nicely done. Carrots and potatoes were cooked but not overly, no mush here. The desserts were so good. There were a few to choose from (a banana cake, canolli cake, peanut butter pie, and creamsickle cake. The rave was the creamsickle). I chose the pb pie and while rich just yummy! I also tried the canolli cake which was less rich and not so sweet, still terrific though. And the waitress that was serving was simply amazing. No one's glass was ever empty and she did it and you didn't even notice. She was perfect. It was an awesome way to wrap up a horrible few days. Remembering the man we lost, but knowing he no longer suffers, that is something...we will definitely miss him and we will never stop loving him. He was an amazing man and made the man I married an amazing man. Thank you Woody's for your compassion and understanding and awesome food for our day of remembrance!