visited pittsburgh this past weekend and went to sienna since we heard there was a beer garden? lol 

arrived at 730 and put our name down on the first floor ... aaand the wait was an hr n a half long T_T so we just proceeded to the 3rd fl rooftop bar and got some beers to start~ wow the rooftop is just beautiful! the place was packed on a sat evening! most of the tables were taken and even the balcony was packed. Thankfully, we were able to get a table for our group of 5~ i was starving and wanted to get some appetizer to start.. but apparently the menus are different on every floor? the beer list was quite extenisve~ but appetizers were not too appealing.. so we decided to wait it out.

FINALLY after some time, our table downstairs was ready at last! thank god for that refreshing watermelon beer to keep my mind off of the hunger. lol the menu on the 1st fl was all about them balls of meat!  it is exactly like the meatball shop in NYC!! which i absolutely adore! so we knew exactly how this was going to go down.. pick a type of ball, a sauce and a side.  i got the "saucey balls" which is a set of 4 and i picked the traditional beef meat balls with pesto on top.  i was also ecstatic to see a menu for poutine! my o my~ i got my tater tots fix alright!  added some bacon to it and had a side of chicken gravy for dipping.  i wasn't big on the chicken gravy.. BUT surprisingly, the tots tasted fantastic with the pesto sauce from my bowl of meatballs!! so huh~ how bout that? tater tots with pesto..? 

i definitely struggled to finish all the things in front of me.. everything was delicious! including their special sausage meatballs~ and boy! was this hearty meal fulfilling and satisfying! watch out meatball shop in nyc! sienna mercato is right up in your alley! lol i would not b surprised if sienna mercato makes its way to the east coast~ the variations offered at sienna is a huge game changer!  PLUS tots?? i'm sold .. sry MBS~ you're gonna have to step up your game to win me back :P