I'm not sure if there is intense Mexican competition in Cleveland or what, but I really liked this place. The other reviews sound like they are describing someplace else.  I actually double checked the address before posting this. 

First, regarding service, we were greeted by someone when we first walked in and sat immediately. The place was fairly busy. The waitress was friendly, came quickly and took our order. When I mentioned the overwhelming size of the menu, she made specific recommendations. Overall service was fantastic. The assistant g.m. was checking on tables and stopped by to see how we liked everything.  The hostess asked how we liked everything on the way out.  The service was as good as it could have been!

The menu is daunting. Plenty of choices...I do wonder how they can maintain quality of the food across all those dishes, but we had no complaints!

Started with the Chili con Queso as recommended by people here. It was good. Regarding their home made chips, they are pretty thin and not the best I've had, but they were fine.

The mucho-sized margarita was delicious on the rocks with salt. Yum!

I ordered some type of grilled-chicken, cheese and poblano pepper in a lightly fried tortilla shell, and it was very nice. It was served with canned refried beans (they were so-so) and the Papas con Chile (whipped red potatoes with various cheeses and peppers) were good, but not as good as some others on Yelp thought.

The presentation of the food was fantastic.  The colors, the plating, the slicing on the bias, and so on was really top notch.

I will say that I think that the discussion of whether something is authentic Mexican or not seems counterproductive.  This is a restaurant in suburban Cleveland(Warrensville Heights, Beachwood, Harvard Park area, close by an exit on I-271)  Please don't confuse the food you had while on your apple-vacation-booked Cancun/Cozumel/Puerto Vallarta all-inclusive restaurant with something in the same shopping center with Office Depot and Buy Buy Baby. 

One might argue that your vacation "Mexican" food isn't very authentic, either.

Overall, while I'm sure I've had better Mexican someplace else, I simply can't find any substantive fault with the food, ambiance, or service.  I got exactly what I was expecting and was happy with the experience.