Perhaps it is due to my experiences in dtown Balto that I may have a skewed opinion, but anyone who tries to say that this location has shady patrons is woefully incorrect.  As of today, I have gone to this location throughout every part of the day.  Today, sunday morning, I walked into the fast food joint while half the restaurant was blocked off for prospective vibrant wendy's employees training.

their overplayed commercial promoting their breakfast, specifically their "fresh cracked eggs cooked on a griddle" thing, finally inspired me to wake up before noon for the first time in a while to head to wendy's for breakfast.  I got the artisan egg sandwich with sausage combo (which includes their roasted potato slices and a drink (OJ costs 80 cents extra)).  I thought that the roasted potato slices would turn out too gourmet, which i was NOT looking for.  But praise whatever you'd like me to praise, they did use a good amount of starch to give it the outside crunch reminiscent of a french fry or a tator tot.  thumbs up to that.  unfortunately, i may have come too late to get the fresh batch of sausage patties, but mine came out a bit dry.

Then why 5 stars? the 99 cent junior bacon cheeseburger.  my goodness, it could be the best 99 cent fast food item of all time.  i've ordered as many as 6 at once before, and no more than 1 was made with any type of cheese translational misregistration relative to the sausage patty substrate (did i just reveal my identity as a loser? i hope not). in layman's terms, every little cheeseburger came out constructed perfectly, with one slice of fresh tomato, crisp green lettuce, and most importantly, their bacon.

overall, i'm partially thankful to be in pittsburgh because of how near i live to this wendy's, and because pittsburgh is one of only around four metropolitan areas where wendy's currently offers breakfast. although nothing would ever match up to in n out, this is my go-to place to satiate my cravings i get as a socal fast-food junkie.