Chef Desyree Alberganti is so passionate about what she does, she won't accept nothing but the best, and it shows in all of her gelatos. She seeks out the best ingredients possible and transforms it into some of the most KILLER gelatos I've ever tasted! All natural ingredients, and no artificial colors and flavors used here.

She is more than happy to offer samples of any and every flavor available, and you can also sense the passion and excitement when Desyree explains the process of how each flavor came about. Prices are a steal compared to other gelato shops on the strip and are as follows:

1 Flavor-$3.25
2 Flavors-$4.95
3-Flavors-$5.75
Add a Waffle Cone-$1
Customize your own gelato Sandwich-$4.00
Affogatto-$5

After all we sampled, it was very, VERY hard to narrow it down to one flavor, so Wifey and I both chose to share 2 cups of 3 flavors. We decided on all gelato flavors: White Coffee Bean-(DAY-UM!!!), Milk Chocolate(OH YEAH!), and Fiori Di Latte(MAMA MIA!), Sweet Corn(OMG!?), Caramel(SINFUL!), and Strawberries and Cream(SO BERRYLICIOUS!). Each and every one had its own distinct flavor, and the texture and mouth feel is SUH-MOOOTH!!!! We will most definitely be back for more, and these three words sum up Chef Desyree:

(Q)uestions about any flavor? Chef Desyree will be happy to answer them!
(U)nique gelato flavors here-Sweet Corn, Avocado, Chocolate-Chili de Arbol?...YUM!
(E)very gelato we sampled was AWESOME!
(E)ach sorbetto we tried was so refreshing, and the Chocolate Sorbettto? WOW!!!
(N)elson Q. (That's me!) proudly gives Art of Flavors 5 STARS! *****

(O)f all The gelato spots in town, Art of Flavors has to be one of the best
(F)iori Di Latte, Sweet  Corn, and White Coffee Bean are my favorites right now

(G)reat product, great sevice.....can't beat that!
(E)very flavor is carefully researched and executed before being served-LOVE IT!
(L)ocated next door to Viva Las Arepas-Las Vegas Blvd. and Oakey
(A)vocado gelato is a flavor I need to return for, as well as her other unique flavors
(T)hank You Chef Desyree for serving up some of  THE BEST gelato in town!....:)
(O)h man, I better end this review quick, and Leave the White Coffee Bean, Fiori Di    Latte, and Sweet Corn, and no one gets hurt...Nah, JUST KIDDING!!!...:p

(!)!!ALOHA!!!