After working up at an appetite shopping in Scarborough Town Centre. You follow your nose to that vast array of smells and eateries known as the Food Court. You got that sandwich craving and I know where your headed. No not that longg line-up at Subway, head two stores down and you'll find yourself at the glorious Michel's Baguette Bakery and Cafe, to fill that sandwich void.

Mind you the prices here are a little steeper than your local sub fixing but your getting quality here! Plus is the only option in the food court that has its own private seating and is closed off from the masses flowing through the food court.

Michel's Baguette offers a great selection of freshly baked breads and pastries, French inspired gourmet sandwiches and salads, Soups as well as hot and cold specialty beverages. 

Today I came to try a seasonal favourite the Smoked Turkey and Brie with a Side of Sweet Potato Bisque.
 
I love the sandwiches here, all fresh and quality ingredients. They toast the sandwiches perfectly. You can pick your option of fresh baked baguettes. I chose a whole wheat baguette. The sandwich was perfectly crunchy, cheese melted, I adored the carmelized onions in my sandwich, no flaws here,

The Sweet Potato Bisque deliciously creamy and went perfectly with my toasty sandwich.

Finally for Dessert! They have an excent dessert case with cupcakes, croissants, pasteries, cakes, mini desserts, cookies, and bars. But as soon as saw the Nanaimo Bar I had to have it!

Nanaimo Bar - Is a 3 layer bar with a crumb base of graham, cocoa, coconut, and nuts, followed by a layer of light custard buttercream, and topped with a luscious layer of smooth and glossy semi sweet chocolate. 
This was the most decadent and biggest Nanaimo bar I've ever had. Sooo delicious 3 hefty layers of perfection.

And to wash that down I need a large cup of tea. They serve Higgins & Burke Specialty Teas, so I opted for the English Breakast variety. Perfect ending to a lovely lunch.

Definitely come here for the quality sandwiches and great dessert selection. All the girls that work here are really friendly and helpful. It's a must dine in option if your in the STC and want to get out of the crowds and eat on real plates with silverware.