Nee House is the bee's knees! No seriously though, after living in Los Angeles for the last 8 years and my frequent trips to the Bay area have exposed me to some absoutley delicious  mind blowingly good chinese food... Said mind blowingly good chinese food is hard to find here in the Valley, that was until my darling boyfriend let me in on what I consider one of his best kept secrets. I mean seriously though, you may chuckle a bit at that statement but know this... I love my food, he loves his food so when two foodies end up together you know your serious when they decide to let you in on one of the fav secret foodie spots. 

So here is the 411 on the good, the bad and well maybe not the ugly. 

The Good Stuff: I knew it was love at first sight when I walked in and saw tanks with live fish, crabs and lobsters! Tell me the last time you entered a resturant in Arizona, mind you a hole in the wall chinese joint that has flippin fresh live fish that aren't for decoration but rather to be consumed and doused in the delicious flavors that is Nee House. A word to the wise, get the peking duck... a whole huge duck, perfectly prepared, moist with ever so crispy skin and freshly steamed bao buns for $33.00, it's not for the faint of heart or really the appetite challenged! The shrimp with snow peas is delicious, as is the fried rice and well pretty much everything I have ever ordered from this joint (not a huge fan of their kung pao but thats my opinion)

The bad: While service wasn't bad per say, It wasn't great. The staff there was super friendly once we sat down and  they happily assisted us when we needed them, but they aren't super attentive nor did they go out of their way, and they can be a tad bit slow at times but really - when you have chinese food this good, I don't care about the service - just make sure you keep making that delicious food of yours!

So I know the boyfriend will be upset with me for ratting out this secret gem, but he knew he started dating a Yelper so really he knew food secrets don't stay that way for long!