Perfect Chinese is an absolute gem. Don't let anyone deter you with their outcries for cleanliness and service. It's far from perfect and that's just perfect with me. 

Perfect has always been a polarizing restaurant. But it shouldn't be. You'll find a lot of reviews critiquing it's service or food or cleanliness. They're all valid arguments, but they are missing the point. Perfect isn't your average restaurant. It's transcendent like that. Don't roll your eyes, let me explain. 

Rarely do you ever see a restaurant tap into so many markets, with such a diverse range of demographics. In the morning, Perfect serves traditional dim sum, from bamboo steamers to old ladies pushing carts yelling things you don't understand. It's the whole nine yards. Here you'll find seniors, large family gatherings, and some young adults. Fast forward 6 hours, as the last cart-pushing lady dust off her red apron and leaves the floor, the place settles down from being a jam packed dim sum to a typical Chinese restaurant. No more yelling, no more seniors, just a regular restaurant. Here you'll find on the menu: $9.99 Peking duck after spending $25 or more. Like where are the margins?!!! It makes no business sense, considering $25 gets you 2 and a half dishes. See? Transcendent. Still not convinced? Let me keep going. 

This place is 24/7. So as the clock strikes midnight, this Cinderella transforms to the most rachet place you know. This is a notorious place to eat after hours. Walk in anytime from 1 to 3, you'll have the place jam packed with hungry club goers looking for something to eat. You'll find only the young, or the young at heart, in this time. This is when the fun really starts at Perfect. I've witnessed a fist fight, a chase, an entire gang fight, and had a flying chair barely missed my head and smash through the window behind me. It's times like these, where you can quickly spot the regulars from the newcomers. The common reaction when people start smashing through the kitchen to get to the boarded up side of the restaurant is to run for the exit. Not for the regulars though. We tilt our heads to dodge the flying chairs, lift our plates as falling bodies drag our table cloth to the ground, and then go back to eating the shiumai. 

So you tell me, knowing what you know now, would you rate Perfect like you would a typical restaurant? 

Don't ever change Perfect - don't ever change.