This is the 2nd Sushi Shop location I've hit since the beginning of the month and I'm still very impressed.  This time around, I ordered the same Salmon and Tuna Poke Bowl to-go I had the first time, but will save that for tomorrow. The service at this particular location was different from the one by the ACC.  As my friend had pointed out, though they were on point with prepping our food, there was that lack of communication.  Our orders came, but we were never informed.  Mind you, the place was near closing so there weren't many customers that they didn't have the time to just say or even bring our orders.  There was however, a kind young gentleman who brought us one of our orders to our counter.  He probably noticed that we had to get up to get our other orders.  Other than the lack of communication, they were still quite nice.

Lobster Tacos - I love love love the Asian flare tacos where the shells are made of fried wonton, so I got pretty excited when I first saw their tacos on their menu.  The shells are of course not very big but the amount of lobster was generous for its size.  Lobster already doesn't have much flavour and even with all their fixings, the lobster was still a little bit on the bland side.  But if you can handle some heat, the jalapeño slice complimented it very well.  4/5.

Tuna Tacos - I'm really loving their tuna here.  Very fresh!  I preferred their tuna tacos over the lobster tacos for sure. It had more flavour, even the bites without the jalapeño slice.  I've been looking for the best tuna taco out here in the GTA and these may very well be the best ones.  Still doesn't beat the ones I had out in B.C. at the Beach House but pretty close. 5/5. 

Black Mamba - Our new foodie goal is to try pretty much everything on their menu so this was one of the maki rolls we tried and I personally enjoyed it very much.  Because it had some shrimp tempura in it, it was nice and warm, so very different to many other maki rolls.  I do wish it had more spicy mayo on it though, or at least on the side.  Still, it was very enjoyable. 5/5.