This is the place I dream about!  Yep, after eating here I had dreams of my meal and I woke up the next morning with a big smile just remembering the blissful bites of fantastic hot dogs and tummy ticking fries I had here.  Yummmmmmy is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to describing Buldogis!

So I know I am behind on getting over here but I finally made it here for lunch this week.  Woo Hoo!  I had some friends visiting and wanted to take them someplace they definitely don't have back home.  Mission success on that!  They were amazed at the menu and the crazy dogs they have at Buldogis.  I just love blowing people's minds when it comes to food.  He he.

Ok, on to the awesomeness know as Buldogis food!  I had the Buckeye Dog and Euro fries.  I was in love at the first bite of both things.  The Buckeye bog was the best dog I have EVER eaten in my life.  It sounds crazy with pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, and garlic mayo all on a hot dog, but it totally works!  The flavors are intense but fit together like a jigsaw puzzle. It is like fireworks going off in your mouth.  Plus it comes covered in MAYO, which is my favorite condiment in the universe.  I mean it is even in my Yelp tagline.  I love me some mayo. Yum.

Oh and the Euro Fries....Drool.  This fabulous combination of fries, cheddar, pork belly, and guess what, more herb garlic MAYO on top.  What is not to love???  The fries are what will bring me back again and again for years to come.  Love them!!!!

My friends were a little more timid with their dogs and they went with the classic standby chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries.  I only tasted the fries and they were really tasty.  The chili is the beanless kind and quite flavorful.  I really liked it myself.  My friends both really enjoyed their dogs and fries.  

My mini me went with a corn dog.  It tasted like your average corn dog and wasn't super duper, but was tasty. Good news on the corn dog was that she actually ate 1/2 of it.  If you know her, you know that is amazing because she never wants to eat anything except cookie.  So success on getting a toddler to eat food too!

So the moral of the story is get yourself to Buldogis ASAP because your mouth will thank you for the flavor adventure!  Tasty!