YUM!

I am more than satisfied with the dinner I had here last night. Paid about $15.00 total -- with the Yelp check-in special -- for 2 hot dogs, Euro Fries, and a fountain drink. For the quality and amount of food that you order, the price that you pay is such a bargain!

RESTAURANT
- Located right across from Chicago Brewing Company, and less than a minute drive over to Bachi Burger and Regal Village movie theater. 

- Menus are located on the front counter and on each table in the restaurant, but there's also an extended menu on the back wall with other kinds of dogs and even rice bowls.

- Not much seating, but when my friend and I visited there were no other customers. From what I observed, people come here to pick up their orders then head out.

- They play R&B music -- well, when I was there -- like Motown and tracks from Lauryn Hill's "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill." Uhm, already this place receives a   star just for that.

FOOD
Here's what my friend and I ordered:

Bahn Mi Dog: At first I was torn between the Bahn Mi and the Angry Dog, because the Angry Dog has jalapeños, but the man at the front counter told me they could add the peppers for no extra charge (yes!). The hot dog was so yummy, and I liked the slaw that was on it, which at first I couldn't see and taste because of the sriracha mayo (Ahh! Sriracha love!) and peppers. The only thing I didn't like were the jalapeños because they weren't hot enough, but it wasn't a big deal. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WRQ-9LluyivReFiQZFUujw?userid=epkRB3J_oBEiyiwahvdmGg#1DARS8RhKd_DH3HOsoleZw)

Beef Bulgogi Dog: My friend really enjoyed his order and was impressed with the flavors, which he couldn't stop talking about.

Euro Fries: Humongous bowl of fries! My friend and I couldn't finish these; though, I think I can devour a bowl if I didn't have a hot dog. Fries were topped with pork belly bacon and cheddar cheese garlic mayo...wow. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WRQ-9LluyivReFiQZFUujw?userid=epkRB3J_oBEiyiwahvdmGg#OnDPL3rzrYqZUCk4hawKQQ)

SERVICE
Quick! We received our food in under 10 minutes. Also, the man at the front counter was nice and helpful; he answered any questions we had about the menu. 

CONCLUSION
I'm positive my friend and I will be visiting this place again. Looking forward already to the next visit.