I moved to Leslieville 29 days ago on August 1. I was out of town for 11 of those days, so let's round up and say I've been around for just over two weeks. 

I've eaten at Chino Locos seven times. 

I can safely say they're the bomb when it comes to cramming my gullet full of tasty burrito, and that's quite a feat considering I was on a burrito moratorium for a few years since May 21, 2006 - A Day That Will Live In Infamy.

Owners Minh and Victor are exceptionally friendly to the point of calling out to me as I walk home from the streetcar stop just to say hello. We've had some wonderful conversations and like others I've definitely been getting the "regular" treatment. They knows people's names when they arrive and what they usually order. The staff is all decked out in soccer shirts and bandanas and seem to vibe together really well, like old high school pals.

Crap, three paragraphs in and I haven't even made note of the food.

Whenever I think of the word burrito I think of the French verb "bourrer" - to stuff, but actually, more than just stuffing. Literally toppling over and filling every pore. That's the kind of satisfaction you get after eating a Chino Locos burrito. These monsters weigh at least a few pounds and are expertly folded, grilled and wrapped. Ask them to cut it in half for you since it can get a bit unwieldy because so much is stuffed inside.

My tried & true order is the basa fish burrito. Basa fish is a catfish native to Vietnam and Thailand, and as you can see from the other reviews of Chino Locos, they dole out Mexican-Asian fusion burritos. The fish portion is substantial and it's poached really nicely and has a deadly texture. The burritos all come with a junkload of standard fillings - no 50 cents extra nonsense for any of these - black bean spread, cilantro, onions, rustic rice (or chow mein), edamame beans, peppers, guacamole, sour cream and cheese. I (obviously) opt for no cilantro or onions in mine. 

Burritos are $6.99 ($7.90 after tax) and there is a weekly meat special, such as General Tao, boneless ribs, pulled pork, etc. They also have a vegan burrito and a dessert burrito. Call ahead for pickup to save time. And yeah, like Greg C said, their burritos beckon you mere minutes after finishing them. Whenever I'm hungry and thinking "what should I eat" the craving usually leads me to Chino Locos. 

My new favourite burrito in the city.