I decided to try out Cantina 1511 primarily because it got good reviews and was listed as one of the best Mexican restaurants in Charlotte.  I was prepared not to like this place because it seemed to be to hip and trendy for me.  I don't really care what a place looks like as long as it is clean, well maintained and serves good food.  I went to Cantina 1511 on a Saturday for lunch.  It was a cold, rainy day but the parking lot was pretty full.  Since I was by myself the hostess asked if I wanted to sit in the bar area and that was fine with me.  They had high top tables and leather couches to sit on.  I grabbed a seat on one of the couches as it was near the TV and I could watch some football while I ate.  I thought the couch might be a problem when it came to eating, but it really wasn't an issue.  The waitress came over shortly after I was seated, dropped off a menu and took my drink order.  I order a Dos Equis Amber, which I recently discovered is an outstanding beer.  She gave a few moments while she got my beer and some chips & salsa.  The menu is pretty simple with traditional & tex-mex version of the standard Mexican fare.  I ordered three tacos from the traditional menu, al pastor, carnitas Johnny, and carne asada.  I sipped my beer and watched the game.  My food came out pretty fast.  The presentation was very nice and the portions size was good.  I tried the carne asada taco first.  It was delicious.  The flavor of the steak was excellent and it was very juicy.  I really couldn't tell you what other garnish was on the taco, because I was concentrating on the flavor of the meat.  I'm pretty sure there was some sauteed onion and peppers which complimented the meat well.  Next I tried the carnintas taco.  It was also delicious.  The flavor of the pork was great and it was very juicy.  Last was the taco al pastor.  Slow cooked pork with shredded cabbage, roasted pineapple, habanero crema and fresh cilantro.  I thought the combination of the pork and pineapple would be interesting and it was.  This taco was good, but didn't quite do it for me.  I'd probably double up on the carne asada or carnitas next time.  The plate came with tortilla slaw, vegetable rice and beans.  The sides were all pretty good and a nice compliment to the meal.  To me Cantina 1511 seems to be a hip, trendy place, but I'm a middle aged fat guy. I was very skeptical and prepared to not like it, but Cantina 1511 serves some very good food.  The service was excellent and the prices were very reasonable.  I learned my lesson here, don't judge a restaurant by it's trendiness, judge it by the food it serves.  And for Cantina 1511 it serves some very tasty food.