Read about this little place in John Gilcrist's book and knew I had to try it out!!  100% duck fat in their fryers?  So I decided to go for my birthday and I made reservations for a Thursday night for four.
Let me just say from the moment we walked in till we left the entire experience was phenomenal.  The wait staff seated us right away in front of the fireplace, nice and cozy. She brought us waters right away and the wine menu.  We had our drinks picked out and wine ordered within 10mins and the wine was at the table right away and opened and presented professionally.
We were told the nights specials and given some recommendations and our order was taken and we were not rushed.  We had the crispy chicken skin and then decided to also try the crispy pigs ears...all to die for!!  Our mains all came out well timed and together nice a fresh and hot.  Our server even suggested adding some pigs ears to our poutine and she was right it added the right amount of crunch.  The house made burger was absolutely outstanding!!  It had a very nice smokey flavor and was a very nice pink med rare!!  Our server even informed us of the fact that it would be med rare when we ordered to ensure we where ok with it.  The best burger I've had to date! 
The duck rillettes was fantastic and covered in crispy fried onions and matched perfectly with the foie poutine, the pan seared trout was perfectly cooked and de-bonned, topped with almonds and beautiful green beans.  
If you have their fries you have to try their house made ketchup...Heinz there is another keinz...it's fresh tasting and not sweet like traditional ketchup.  
We each had a dessert and each tried a different one which was great as we all got to sample them.  All I can say is wow..blown away at the flavors!!  I think my favorite was the vanilla semifredo ice cream sandwiches.  We ordered coffee and I had port, unfortunately our coffees got forgotten but they were great at customer service as they apologized and didn't charge us for the port.  
All around this was a fantastic dining experience and I highly recommend it.  Keep in mind I made reservations and it was mid week so the place was not overly busy.