So......My boy B Davis wrote a review on this spot and said it was legit.  I have been in Phoenix for over a month now and have not eaten any GOOD Mexican food!  I was craving some tacos so I decided to try this spot out.  I was glad I drove down!

I walked in and was told to sit wherever I wanted.  I grabbed a table and a nice lady came over to take my drink order and deliver some chips and salsa.  I placed my order for 2 beef tacos and a cheese quesadilla with green chiles in it.  I had a large Diet Coke to drink.  Here is how the food was...............

Chips and Salsa-  They bring you out a large basket of chips and a little thing of salsa.  I took a bite of a chip and had a flashback.  They reminded me of something.....I took another bite and then it hit me.  These chips tasted exactly like the chips at El Tarasco in Manhattan Beach.  That is definitely a good thing.  El Tarasco serves up whole fried tortillas.  Juans cuts them into chips but the taste was identical.  I was impressed!  The salsa was tasty too.  It was pretty mild and refreshing.  The chips were so good that I ate 2 baskets full!

Beef Tacos-  I got 2 of these bad boys.  They are a bit small but they were awesome.  These also reminded me of somewhere from back home.......Titos Tacos!  Similar taste, texture and size.  Titos uses more cheese,  but other than that, they were pretty similar (Titos are a bit better but hey...Titos makes the best hard shell beef taco ever...no shame in never being as good as Titos).  The shredded beef was seasoned well, the shells were perfectly crispy. I would have liked a bit more cheese, but it was still enough the way they came out.  It was a fantastic beef taco!

Quesadilla with Chiles-  When I bit into this, it ALSO reminded me of somewhere from CA....... Sombreros!  I would always get a beef taco and quesadilla combo at Sombreros.  This quesadilla was an exact replica!  It had nicely melted cheese, tons of green chiles and it was folded up into a nice flour tortilla.  I dipped this in the salsa and it was a winner!

Diet Coke-  Nice to see they serve Coke products.

Total for my meal was $11.12.  Not too shabby for a grip of food.  I ate 3 different things and each one reminded me of some of my favorite Mexican food places from back in CA.  You simply cannot beat that!  Service was very friendly and it felt like you were eating in someones house kind of.  I can't wait to go back to try out some of their other offerings.  I can see this place becoming our families go to Mexican joint.  It's a bit of a drive from where I live (its way closer to work), but I was very impressed and will be back soon.   Good find B Davis.....good find!