Well, The Dogg has not been on Yelp lately. Been down an out on life.......You ever been so low that you think the dark pit you are in is gonna be as good as it gets? Yours truly has been that way. I have not been eating too much lately. About a small meal every three days.  The Dogg has been "Real tired boss, Dog tired".  Not gonna get into the details. 

Finally I woke up hungry, but not like ravenous hungry.  Like aching for something made with Love and Caring. Remember that special dish your Mom made for you that told you everything is going to be alright.  Well my Mom made some of the best food in the valley.  Those that know me, will tell you she could even take scraps and leftovers and make a meal that would leave you feeling as if you had the best meal of your life. Anyway I wanted a real down to earth home made sandwich. It just sounded good.  Not with sliced deli meat or processed meat, but like sliced from the Thanksgiving Turkey or Your Mom's roast beef (if you liked it).  Something that tasted like she was in the kitchen and you KNEW it was gonna be good.  You had no doubt that the lettuce was gonna be crispy and that everything you liked, everything you wanted, was going to be on it, and not too much and not too little of any one thing.  You know........LOVE..... it told you she loved you and you bit into it with abandon and no worries because it was exactly what you wanted and how you liked it. 

Well thats the way Bertha's made my turkey sandwich.  I read the reviews and since it is close to my new old neighborhood, I thought I'd give it a try.  Turkey looked like it was hand carved right off the bird, bacon tasted like it was fried for my very own sandwich.  Bread was awesome,  some kinda crispy sourdough loaf or ??  Perfect amount of mayo and mustard.  Everything in balance, the nirvana of sandwich.  

As a matter of fact, it made me feel like sampling their pecan bar (sorry forgot the real name).  It is made in their store.  Now my Mom loved pecan pie and she would make it and there is a very fine art to it.  If you bake em too long you get an overwhelming burnt sugar taste, if you don't bake em long enough it taste like underdone egg and gelatin.  Now in my humble opinion the perfect pecan pie or bar is when the taste is right before the point of burn sugar, darker than store made pecan pies but not burnt.   Bertha's did it. They made my Mom's pecan pie in the form of a bar.  Damnation! It is sooooooo good!  Thank you Bertha.  They have a chocolate bar and lemon bar.  I can't try the lemon bar.  Its a personal thing, I love them but only if ............... makes them and thats not gonna happen anymore.  So you go try the Lemon Bar and tell me what its like.  

You Will go to Berthas.  It is right next to where one of the "Original Manuel's Mexican Food" used to be.  Remember the Dogg is old school and from that hood.  You will frequent that place.  I need it to survive and thrive.  Even though I never met you Bertha (if you are real),..............Thanks.  I needed something and your sandwich and Pecan bar, helped me remember that with every hardship you have to deal with......eventually comes ease, illumination and experience.  

Motordogg