This may come as a surprise, but I am a mere mortal. Being a mortal (even if just barely), I do have my weaknesses. One such weakness would be a well prepared steak. I have set upon a mission to slowly but surely try all of the amazing steakhouses this town has to offer. My next box to check off was the absurdly spelled, but well reviewed, N9NE Steakhouse at the Palms. If you don't enjoy reading, I'll give you the conclusion off the bat. This place is pretty bomb! It's definitely worth checking out. However, as is the case with a lot of good steakhouses, it isn't cheap. But it's well worth it. 

I started with the Fried Chicken Won Tons. They are pretty awesome. You get like 6 or 7 crispy Won Tons on a long plate over a little bit of blue cheese with a nice hot sauce on the side for dipping. It was a great starter. They also have like 3 kinds of bread, I tried the pretzel bread which was great, I also sampled a delicious soft foccacia bread. 

Then I ordered the massive, aged Bone-In Ribeye. It was cooked perfectly and was nice and juicy. For sides, I opted for the Mac and Cheese and the Gnocchi. My god, these sides did their absolute best to outshine that magnificent cut of meat. The Mac and Cheese was so rich and creamy. The cheese was a perfect blend of creamy, cheesy, richness. A nice complement to the rest of the meal. But honestly, as unexpected as it was, the Gnocchi stole the show. It is a potato gnocchi in the most incredible truffle cream sauce. Each tiny bite just melts in your mouth. Just thinking about it as I write this review a day later almost brings tears to my eyes. I have some left over in the fridge and I think I'm about to reheat it when I'm done here. It's side dishes like this that could make N9NE appeal to everyone, even those kooky vegetarians I've been reading about on the internet. Not sure if there are any Vegan dishes, but this place is friendly enough that they probably can accommodate.

I saw the dessert menu and there seemed to be some amazing options. But I couldn't fit another bite of anything in my already stuffed, yet thoroughly satisfied stomach. This is a mission for next time.

So you know the food was outrageous, but how was the service at a place that seems like it could easily be a typical pretentious Vegas establishment, with a nice decor and celebrities coming in daily? It was actually phenomenal. The bartenders are super personable and talented. I'm bad with names but I believe it was Anna and Kerry. The manager Christian was also very friendly and accommodating. 

In closing, this place checks off every aspect that I feel makes a great restaurant. If it was a little cheaper, I'd probably eat here every day. That's probably for the best though. I can't wait for my next visit, there's much more on the menu that I have to try. And obviously the Gnocchi Round 2.