I went to the WELL Spa  because it was convenient as I was staying at The Platinum Hotel. I would go back, even if I stayed anywhere else in Vegas.

After a couple of kind of busy weeks at work, I thought I'd treat myself.  Initially, I planned to get a 25 minute body scrub and a 25 minute Swedish massage. However, a couple days before I left for Sin City, my REALLY REALLY HIDEOUS sunburn started to peel. So I had to rethink the scrub.

Instead, I called ahead and made a reservation for me and a friend to get side-by-side 50 minute Swedish massages, each reasonably priced at $105. Do you remember that episode of "Friends" where Phoebe works at the high-end spa and the receptionist speaks in that wispy, fake, supposed-to-be-relaxing-but-is-really-just-funny-and-kind-of-off-putting voice? Well, the receptionist here speaks like that, too. Consider yourself warned. It's tough to not giggle on the phone with her.

But once you get to the spa, it's time for some Serious Relaxation. It's  pretty small, but complete. The women's locker room was equipped with two locker areas, several vanities with hair and skin care products, toothbrushes and toothpaste, hair brushes (useful, since I forgot mine in LA), hair dryers, curling and straighting irons, cotton, etc, a steam room, restrooms, two showers, and a small relaxation area with 4 incredibly comfortable leather chaise lounges. The showers were awesome and equipped with fantastic shower heads. The robes were also super fluffy warm. The slippers were hard rubber instead of squishy terry-- not so great. But, then again, how much time do you spend on your feet at a spa, right?

There is also a co-ed relaxation area of several booths with various numbers of the same chaises, separated from one another by gauzy green curtians. They were also separated from the hall with gauzy green curtains. Yes, the relaxation area was in the hallway. Not. So. Relaxing. On the plus side, they did provide water, teas, and fruits in this area. 

Now, on to the main event. My massage. Prior to my disrobing and laying down, the therapist dutifully asked me if I had an injuries, to which I responded, "Well, I have this truly fucking heinous sunburn" and shrugged off the shoulder of my robe to demonstrate. Allow me to point out that, by that time, I had been in the dry desert air for a good day or so, and it had postively wicked any thought of moisture out of my body. My back was peeling something awful. Skin was falling off like a giant's dandruff. I swear I was leaving DNA trails all over Las Vegas. Gross, but true. See how honest I am with you Yelpers!?

Anyway, the therapist said, "Well, that's ready to come off" and offered to use a ginger mango scrub on my upper back, if the burn wasn't hurting me still. It wasn't so I gladly aquiesced and proceded with my treatment. The sheets on the massage bed must be 80-million threadcount. It was like laying in a bed of rose petals. As she preperd to scrub me down, she mentioned that she would just throw in the scrub for free and cut down my massage time a bit. Worked for me! My back looks a million times better and my muscles are happy campers, too. They brought us icey cold water after the massages.

I found a 25% off coupon laying on the coffee table  of my suite, so, after that discount, the two massages were only $159 before tip. Not too shabby! My therapist mentioned to me that the ginger mango scrub she used on my back was for sale at the spa, and she left a jar out for the receptionist to show me. All I had to say was "I have a ton of scrub at home" and she put that jar away so quickly that I almost forgot she ever tried to sell me anything. It was AWESOME! A pushy sale would have totally ruined my newly relaxed and refreshed vibe.

The scrub was great. The massage was great. But should you expect anything less at a high-end spa? What really pushed this place over the edge was the customer service. They really take care of you and do their best to make you feel good. It's all in the little things: the not-pushy sales people, the feather-soft sheets, and free scrub for a desperate woman. Those are 5-star details, my friends. 

Find the WELL Spa on the 6th floor of the Platinum Hotel on Flamingo. Enoy yourself.