Suite 701 is located in Le Place d'Armes Hotel. It's a trendy restaurant with a bar and tables, some being located near the fireplace which is where we sat. The servers the night we dined here were two girls that were dressed in shocking pink dresses which were above the standard-type uniform. Our server, Rachel, was sweet and friendly. She and another server, Alison, were attentive and chatted with us and made us feel welcomed. We were given a very little loaf of bread (3 thin slices) and soft butter upon seating. I thought the restaurant was a little skimpy with the bread as we each had 1 1/2 little pieces, having to split the third slice of bread. There's a good variety of cocktails and wine. I had a prosecco and my husband a Chianti.  We decided to split three appetizers for our dinner since we decided we were going to scale back a bit from our heavier meals in Montreal.  Suite 701 has a new chef within the last few months and he does an outstanding job creating both visually-pleasing plates and food that takes your palate on a journey. The Niçoise salad was deconstructed with seared rare tuna, haricot verts, grape tomatoes, olives, soft boiled egg and arugula. I never had a Niçoise served this way. The soft boiled egg had a panko crust and with the beans provided a nice crunch texture to this salad while the olives added the salt and the tuna...it melted in my mouth. The deer mini burgers came as three tiny burgers with lettuce and tomatoes and some sort of aioli. The deer meat unfortunately was dry and overcooked. Deer should be served medium rare and it probably was difficult to accomplish that with the size of the patty. My husband did like them...I didn't. The presentation, however, like the Niçoise was spot on. We then had the smoked duck carpaccio...OMG!!  By far the best smoked duck ever. This was served with an arugula salad. Again, the taste and presentation was fabulous. It was smokey and tender.  We decided since we were enjoying our dining experience to stay for an after dinner port and a piece of their carrot cake. The carrot cake was amazing...light, moist and again the presentation was great. There was a thin layer of carrot cake and then a light cream cheese mousse and then crumbled carrot cake on top. It was like the frosting was in the middle of the cake, but the traditional cream cheese frosting was made into an airy delightful mousse. I'm a hobbyist cupcake baker and am re-creating this into a cupcake.  I highly recommend Suite 701 for the ambiance, the great service and the creative delicious food.  I'm giving it a five-star rating even with the miss on the bread and dry deer meat because everything else exceeded my expectations.