I'm not exactly what you'd call motivated when it comes to cleaning my own car. I'd rather pay someone to wash and vacuum it while I sit back and read a magazine. So places like this are right up my alley. My last visit was unfortunate, I left unimpressed and decided I wouldn't be back. But, since my car needed some TLC, I was torn on where to go. 
Michael, the general manager had contacted me on Yelp asking for a second chance, although, I usually don't jump at second chances, even if they're free. My Yelp reviews can't be bought. I don't care how much free food and service you throw at me, if it's not good, I'm not going to say it is. 
I decided I'd take Michael up on his deal because it's one of the few places I wanted to give a second chance to and boy am I glad we did. 
We came in Saturday for an interior and exterior wash. I dropped my car off and let the cashier know I was looking for Michael. He promptly greeted us, apologized for my previous visit and assured me this time would be different. He told us to order breakfast or lunch and it would be on him. 
I ordered the breakfast tacos with chicken, it's not on the menu but since I don't eat the suggested meat options, I went rogue. OH. MY. GOD. Those were the best tacos I've ever had in my life. At this point, I didn't care if my car looked like they went off-roading instead of cleaning it. I was hooked. 
Michael stopped by to check on our breakfast and suggested we grab some sauces. It's very rare I don't douse whatever I'm eating in sauce, but there was NO need for any flavor, I actually thought it might ruin my breakfast. On my second taco I did try some of the salsa that came with my breakfast and it was fantastic. 
My fiancé ordered pulled pork and eggs. I didn't pay much attention to what he was eating since I dove into those tacos like a fat kid who hadn't ate in a week (it wasn't a pretty sight). But, he definitely made a point to say he would order that same breakfast again in a heartbeat. 
When our plates were empty, Michael stopped back by to offer us desert. There is no way I'm fitting anything else inside of my belly. But, sure why not? So he brought us a banana cupcake that was to-die-for. I knew we were receiving "special treatment" but he went above and beyond. While we were eating our cupcake, I noticed he took another table one to try on the house. He wasn't just treating us like royalty, he was treating others that way too. 
Michael went above and beyond to make sure we were pleased. 
Now it was time for the car reveal, it was spotless, my car looked brand new all over again. It would have been nice if they had vacuumed out the random cookie crumbs from the cup holder, but overall, the job they did was just like my first few visits. I was impressed. 

Needless to say, we will be back. Even if it's not to get my car washed, just for those tacos.