I love Archi's.  While it's not the place I go most often for Thai food, it's the place I go when I want a decent assortment of dishes on the menu and Thai food prepared consistently well.  There's enough variety there to satisfy what you're looking for most of the time:  appetizers, salads, soups, entrees (including curry and noodle dishes) and desserts.  I've eaten at the W. Sahara restaurant, and Rainbow Blvd. restaurant and found the food and service to be consistently good at both.

Lunch portions are almost as big as the dinner portions and include an egg roll and small soup.  They're definitely worth choosing from during the lunch hour.

Dinner is always delicious.  For those who enjoy Thai food, you'll see many of your usual favorites there.  If you're new to this variety of Asian cuisine, consider adding your choice of meat to the Pad Thai (everyone seems to love this dish), Pad Se Ew, Pad Prik Pow, or Broccoli.    If you're in the mood for curry, there are eight dishes to chose from and they're all good.  If you'd rather go with soup, I highly recommend Tom Yum or Tom Kha.  (Tom Kha is essentially Tom Yum but with coconut milk added to make the soup creamier rather than brothy.)

I prefer the fried Egg Rolls (they're served warm, right out of the fryer) rather than the fresh Spring Rolls (served cold).  And if you've never tried one, don't forget to treat yourself to a Thai Iced Tea.  They're almost too sweet for me, but they still taste fantastic.  It's almost like a liquid dessert.

Finally, like with most Thai restaurants, you can dial the spiciness up or down.  The waitstaff will ask, so go conservative if you're a little nervous and dial up from there.  You'll start to feel the heat with anything above a moderate level, and if you're adventurous, go for "Thai hot".  (But you better like spicy food.)

Parking (at the Sahara location) is ample since the restaurant is located in a storefront.  When you enter the parking lot, look for the Regal Cinema.  Archi's is to the right.