So I wander into this Portuguese chicken joint (after some Yelping) for a late breakfast and stand in line as I watch the chickens on the rotisserie.  I see the big takeout containers and I'm hungry so I order the 1/2 chicken combo for a whopping ~$10 - which comes with a boatload of fries, rice and salad and spicy sauce on the chicken.  For some reason, they also threw in a dessert tart and a dinner roll at the cashier station - I must have nodded at some prompt when I wasn't really paying attention.  (I do that often...)  I think I paid a total of $13 with a pop.

With my chicken box in hand - I realized my first error.  This tiny space had no more 'real' seats with tablespace.  So I walk over to the little mini-bench, give PersianDude a nod, he shuffles over and I squat down beside him and we both each chicken off our laps.  For some reason, this somehow enhanced the experience.  Don't know why.

First off - the amount of food you get is huge.  Take a look at my pictures.  The fries are damned good and are completely mounded on top of the chicken.  It took a good 5 - 10 minutes of eating and maneuvering before I got to the chicken.  The chicken is delicious and moist - wished the sauce was spicier but this was damned good roasted chicken.  Seriously - I should have probably stopped eating about 1/3 the way through because I was just full of fries and chicken grease.  This is coming from a fat bastard.

But I watched PersianDude demolish his chickenbox and I didn't want to spend the rest of my day carrying a box of chicken with me.  So I willed my way through the chicken - it was good but if I was to cry, chicken grease would have came out of my eyes.  After about 40 minutes of focused eating, I polished my box off.  I threw the dinner roll which had a density of a hockey puck away and wrapped up my dessert tart.

I didn't know it at the time - but this chicken box at 11AM was the last thing I would eat for 24 hours.  Fast forward to 10AM the next morning and waking up hungry from a night of drinking, I rediscover the dessert tart on my nightstand.  Wow - Romados - you know me better than I know myself.