Welcome to the magical land of sizzling proteins and delicious drinks!!! The fajitas are really flaming! Oh man, why did I wait soooo long to visit?!?!?
Came on a gorgeous Sunday evening, hoping to sit outside and enjoy the weather. The patio already had a large party there and our group was large too, no sweat, we can sit inside. 
The restaurant is fairly large with a sort of divided dining are, a patio, and a bar that's separated. I like that it accommodates what ever type of night you're looking to have.
Now the food! I absolutely LOVED the shrimp and steak fajitas! I typically don't order steak unless I'm at an actual steakhouse but took a risk and it paid off! The steak was tender, not at all chewy and had wonderful flavor. The shrimp was great as well. Perfectly cooked with flavors of pepper and onions it was cooked with. I really enjoyed watching the server torch the fajitas, a nice touch that adds flare to the dining experience. 
The fajitas are paired with rice, beans, guac, sour cream, pico de gallo, and freshly made tortillas - corn or flour. You're able to swap the tortillas for romaine wraps, as well as rice and beans for steamed vegetables. Great option for the health conscious. I personally would not sacrifice the flour tortillas for a few calories, they were delicious! Oh, the fajitas also came with a little bowl of soup! I really did not need it as, the table tortilla chips were pretty good and kept me busy while waiting for the food.
Another star of the show for me were the margaritas. ON FIRE! I had the raspberry margarita that got me buzzed, followed by a shot of tequillaaaaaaaaaa, then a pina colada margarita... The Pina Colada Margarita was my fave, perfect combination of sweet and tangy. I look forward to having it again and again :)
The service was good, it seemed to take a little while for us to get our order in but we did not mind as we were enjoying each others company. The drinks came right away though. I am not a die hard fan of fajitas but can have them anytime if they are from here. Really!