That was then...this is NOW!

We're Chris Bianco fans...so I'm not surprised we like this new place.  I'd seen the mediocre reviews others have given and was surprised.  I'd called Pane Bianco earlier today to see what their hours were now and asked about the poor reviews at Italian Restaurant and learned that the management team and chef had been turned over in the past weeks, so I thought this would be a good time to try it out.  Glad we did!

First...the food was excellent.  People were complaining about small portions, but the two of us could barely finish the food we ordered.  The portions of the gnocchi and the Polpetone were huge!  Service was excellent too...we arrived early evening getting a table wasn't an issue.  I suspect that will change as people realize that they've listened to the feedback and changed things for the better.

Food.  We shared a nice peach, arugula, goat cheese and candied pecan salad...again, nice size with delicious and perfectly ripe peaches...tasty all around...not over-the-top, but very good.  We also shared two entrees - and these WERE over the top good!  Gnocchi that was large but very light and fluffy (best I've had since Venice!)...sautéed to a little crispy edge...and served with roasted pork.  It was succulent and delicious...very juicy and flavorful.  The other entree was "polpetone" which I'd never had before but it was a truly perfectly cooked light/softly roasted and slightly sweet meat loaf.  I make a kick-ass meat loaf and this rated right up there.  It was served with heavenly smoky-salty-tasty baked beans and sautéed escarole...the latter was a bit more "ok" but the rest of the dish rocked.  We ordered a side order of meatballs - I'm not a meatball fan but my partner is.  I thought they were ok...he thought they were very good and liked that the tomato sauce tasted like tomato!.  They were good...but the polpetone really was heavenly.

No dessert...to much other food!  We had a glass of prosecco each and we spent about $35/person before the tip.  Maybe it's just us...but we definitely felt like we got our money's worth.  It was classic Bianco...delicious food expertly prepared and served.  Worth the trip!