Stuffed avocados, enough said. 

I have to admit, I walked in with pretty low expectations but they proved me wrong. Walked in on a Friday night famished! As soon as we walked in we were greeted and seated immediately. A few moments later our waitress came over to drop off chips and salsa, both green/red and took our drink requests. Soon after that another employee approached us and asked if we wanted to order guacamole, we of course said yes, she walked away only to return with a cart..she proceeded to make the guacamole right in front of us, after she was done, she asked us to taste it to make sure we approved of it, definitely a major plus. 

Looking through the menu, everything looked pretty tasty but what caught my attention was the stuffed avocados. I was curious and intrigued so I went right ahead and ordered one. Food came out pretty quick and right away my mouth started salivating, my plate came with tortilla soup, beans, rice, a fajita taco and my stuffed avocado, big portions so come hungry. The stuffed avocado was breaded on the outside, despite it being cooked, the avocado was firm and fresh and it was filled with cheddar cheese and steak, happy bells went off in my head as soon as I took that first bite. The only downside to my dish was the fajita taco, they put a layer of cheese on top of it and melted it but it tasted like a kraft slice, other than that my meal was perfect. On another note, I noticed that their rice tasted just like Pollo Loco's, not their current rice but the way they used to make it years ago before they changed their recipe. That made me an even bigger fan! I washed everything down with a peach margarita, it was pretty good and you have the option of choosing salt or sugar for the rim. 

Overall, I really liked this restaurant and I'll definitely be stopping by again, service was quick, staff was super friendly and very attentive, our waitress was on top of it. Prices are similar to Lindo's, maybe just a few cents cheaper but totally worth it. You won't be disappointed.