The last time I was here I decided that I was going to bring my Dad. I had the chance to do so today. I'm from two hours north so he doesn't get into town that often. 

A little back story...I'm a mediana MexiCAN AmeriCAN! My father met my mother while visiting his brother at my Mom's house as foreign exchange students. They got married and created this green eyed monster! So I have a a certain expectation when dining on south of the country eats. I stand by my Mexican breakfast that takes hours of preparation, tamales from scratch (a two day process), and mortar and pestle mole recipe! I love to cook specialty dishes!

Dad was in town, I brought him here because he loves to reminisce and try things that take him back in the day. Yes this is Peruvian but all the fundamentals of Mexican cooking can be found here. Sorry Pittsburgh, but as far as Mexican restaurants go, they do not exist here! Mad Mex please! I do like the Jumbo Margaritas but refuse to order anything else besides chips. 

On a side note why do I keep coming across all this Mexican bashing this week, one reviewer said they don't eat meat in "Mexican restaurants" and someone else in talk was on some senseless rant about Arab and Mexican who knows what? It didn't make sense anyway. It's so off putting. These people are "loco"

Today as a special they had a slow roasted beef served in a burrito or soup special. Last time I was here I tried the slow roasted pork. It was sensational. The specialty of the house is a slow roasted rotisserie chicken. I thought my Dad would like that but he didn't want the chicken on the bone. I hadn't thought of that. So you can order 1/4, 1/2, or whole chicken!! woops....

I asked about the beef and how we wanted a platter and they offered to make us a platter with rice and beans! We squirted some lime over the meats and happily assembled our piping hot corn tortillas. Success! Another great experience, with tender beef and all the tasty trimmings! Plus the cilantro spicy sauce. YUM!