Ding ding ding, we have a winner folks!  First of all, thanks to Misti and the crew for finding yet another gem.  This place advertises itself as an Asian fusion restaurant, but at its core it is a gourmet, mostly authentic Thai restaurant.  And you know how I love Thai food...  We ordered the Massaman Curry with beef, the Rad Nah with pork, and the Vietnamese Shrimp Ravioli.  After eating these, I am convinced that this is one of the top three Thai restaurants in Las Vegas, maybe top two!  (UPDATE: This is THE BEST Thai restaurant in Vegas currently).

The Vietnamese Shrimp Ravioli were quite interesting as an appetizer.  The presentation was very gourmet and beautiful.  The ravioli noodles were soft and sticky, wrapped in a shrimp that's cooked in interesting spices.  The flavor was perfect with a little bit of red chili sauce on it (I skipped the soy sauce that came with it).  Not Thai, I know, but definitely yummy.

I am not really a fan of Massaman because it tends to be sweet, but with all of the talk about it here, I thought I would try it.  This version was sweet, as it is supposed to be, but it also had a ridiculously intriguing and complex flavor!  There was a definite peanut flavor, but also another flavor that I couldn't put my finger on.  The chef makes her own curries, so I attribute this complex flavor to the homemade curry sauce.  I probably would order this with less sweetness next time, but this dish was amazing.  It came with big potato slices, carrots cooked to perfection, bell peppers, and beef chunks that were nicely prepared.  

The Rad Nah here is extremely good, and won me over.  This is probably tied for the second best Rad Nah I have had!  The cook said that it was one of her favorite dishes, and so she takes a lot of pride in her recipe.  This dish smelled absolutely amazing.  Smokey, lightly sweet aromas.  The taste was just as good.  The pork was nice and juicy, and the Chinese broccoli was fresh and crunchy.  The sauce was slightly more rich than the other two great Rad Nah recipes I have had, which gave it its own character.  Not a lot of places can make a great Rad Nah, and Pan Asian makes one of the best I have had.  Great job, Pan Asian.

I am so glad to have this restaurant available in Las Vegas.  I will have to take some breaks from my usual spots to explore their menu some more.  The Thai food is mostly authentic, but they do have to Americanize certain dishes a little bit.  So, if you want the real deal, just order it "Thai style".  We rattled off a few exotic dishes that we like, and the chef said that some of them she can cook very well (very spicy Pa Cha).  I can't wait to go back!

Edit: I've been back a number of times and have loved every dish I have had (roast duck, red snapper).  One dish really stood out yesterday though, the red curry.  I had it with beef, spicy level 10, and it came with fresh peppers and pieces of pumpkin!  It wasn't as sweet as the other curries, so you non-sweet curry lovers will enjoy this one!  The sauce is homemade, and full of fresh flavors.  I believe that it may be the best red curry I have ever had.  Dave said that this is how the royal family eats red curry.  I don't know about royalty, but if this dish isn't fit for it than I don't know what is!

Second Edit: recommended dishes for Thai food lovers, may not be on the menu: the Red Curry dishes (served with fresh pumpkin!), Pa Cha with tilapia, Red Snapper, Duck curry, fried banana.