By far, one of the best places to go during happy hour, Mon-Fri. 4-6:30. All drinks & all appetizers are 1/2 off. All. The food is great. They have a very large appetizer menu. My favorites on the appetizer menu are the wings (big) $5 during happy hour, ribs (fall of the bone - great flavor) with sweet potato fries or regular fries $6.50 on happy hour, or my favorite of all, The Monster Platter. Huge!! $11 on happy hour. The Monster Platter has wings, ribs, sliders, sweet potato fries, and onion rings!!! It's a must buy! You also get free food before your order comes out, and after you're done. I can't say what it is and spoil it. 

They also have a regular priced menu full of all types of food. Average cost is $9 for a big burger, or sandwich. They have full dinners as well. 

Drinks - All half off. All good. Only thing not half off are bottles of wine. Bottled beer is $2.50 to give you an idea. 

The atmosphere is very cool. Nothing like it around. It's a 2 story western looking saloon with actual & real farming tools, and other western decor hanging all over the walls. There's a mecanical bull. This is not a country bar, though. All the decor is country, but it's far from a country bar, which is great. There's many big tvs everywhere. They show 80's rock videos on some of the tvs, and that's the music you'll hear. The other tvs are showing all sports games. Great place for music or sports. 

We love this place. We've been going here for 5 years. Great food. Great atmosphere. Great prices. Fantastic tvs for sports & music videos. The service is top notch. 

I've been to all the other places in Westgate. Don't bother. I went to Buffalo Wild Wings during their happy hour. Mistake!  Their wings were $12. I sat there thinking if I was just a few bars over, I'd be paying $5 for more better wings at Saddle Ranch! 

Saddle Ranch is huge, and has a very large wrap around patio with 2 outdoor bars. People take advantage of the great happy hour pricing, and come in large groups. Great for any kind of group event, inexpensive, and quality.