I enjoy visiting NYNY whenever I'm in Vegas because I like the setting and the charm and Tom's Urban is a terrific addition to the restaurant choices over there. Most of the other places focus on a type of cuisine (other than America, which is very basic American comfort food) but Tom's take on everything is unique. Our first meal was lunch. We both had burgers, mine being the portobello swiss with truffle mayo. It was absolutely delicious. My next meal was for dinner-- appetizer of queso fundito (enjoyed it.. might have been good with some crispy tortilla chips to go along with the flour tortillas, just to mix it up a bit).. my friend and I each got sliders, her the BBQ chicken and me the shrimp po' boy. Our affable server Mike admitted that the shrimp sliders were not really like authentic southern po' boys (he's from Texas, and he knows things like that) but that was ok with me, I've never been there and wouldn't know the difference. The shrimp were HUGE and succulent and the slaw inside was tasty and added a nice crunch. I tasted the chicken slider and that too was delish-- the BBQ sauce was on point. They were sadly out of the pineapple upside down cake which he graciously apologized for and ended up discounting our meal a bit, since we were really looking forward to trying it and it's something that is rarely on restaurant menus. Next time for sure! Finally our last meal of our trip was hey, back at TU and my friend had lovely fluffy and aromatic lemon poppyseed pancakes and I had the treehugger benedict (egg, avocado, hollandaise with bacon).. so delicious. Avocado should be standard on all eggs benedicts all over the planet. The hash browns had cheese in them and they were perfectly crisp and salty delicious. I had asked for grits because Mike had said they were authentic and yummy, and I agreed. My first time tasting grits and I enjoyed them. All in all, three delicious meals and the staff was attentive and friendly every time. Very rare in restaurant dining. We'll be back for sure again and again!