Hello and welcome to Chica. I am working backwards in my reviews of our restaurant week visits and this was stop number 3 in #helpoutdineout week in Vegas. I had worked a half day and Josie decided she wanted to try a lunch spot for a change so we traveled to The Venetian for a nice lunch. I am a fan of Lorena Garcia and have been wanting to try this for a while and so has Josie. We had reservations and arrived early (of course) and were seated immediately. Drink orders were taken right away and delivered in a timely manner. The Coke and Diet Cokes come in a bottle and there is not an unlimited refill. The bottles are the Classic Coke style with the Diet Coke being smaller than the Original Coke bottle. I will post pictures in a few. Blanca was our waitress and was very informative. Very soft-spoken but very helpful with every question we had regarding our meals' components. 
The decor and layout is very quaint. You can sit at the front bar or at one of two other areas that have raised seating. one is where the prepare the salads and cold apps, the other where the rotisserie chicken is prepared as well as some hot apps. 
The lunch menu was simple with rather easy things to choose from.  
First course was a salad round with a Kale salad and a classic ceviche and chica fries. We opted for the Kale salad and civiche. Kale salad was had by Josie and had green apples dried cranberries, Napa cabbage, croutons and a citrus vinaigrette. This salad was piled high and presented very nicely. had a crisp clean citrus tang almost like a key lime pie flavor. apples were subtle and cabbage had a nice crisp bite to it. This alone could be a meal. My civiche had halibut, corn, red onions and cilantro. also accompanied with peruvian chips. (plantain chips) all sat in leche le tigre. Second course Cuban sandwich for me and Shrimp & quinoa cazuela. I will start with my Cuban Sandwich. I was expecting a small portion due to it being a lunch menu, it was not. Wonderfully cooked with the pressed grill marks on what they said was a sweet roll. Mojo pork, Smoked ham,Guayanes cheese, Dijon mustard and sweet pickles. As you bite into the sandwich you get the sweet taste of the roll with the bite of Dijon with the Mojo (vinegary) taste of the pork and the smokiness of the ham. Cheese just melty, salty and soft to the palet. Yes, i loved this sandwich. She also brought this Pablano spread for my fries that was much better than any ranch could ever be. Josie had the Shrimp Quinoa. Red shrimp perfectly cooked over a red quinoa and the same cheese as my Cuban. Shrimp was seasoned with a slight tangy bite. Quinoa was properly cooked with a hint of cilantro and pablano pico. Final course was Lemon Bunuelos with served with a wild berry compote. So donut holes filled with lemon and a berry jelly. Not filling which was fine since we will be going to Carlos Bakery while in the Venetian. Nice zesty sweet bite to end a great lunch.
Thank you for dining at Chica. we will most definitely dine here again for a dinner menu. Everything from the very start was exceptional. I am slow to give out five starts but this gets them. Blanca was an excellent host on our lunch adventure and made this experience worth it Only negative is the non unlimited drink refills. If you get the chance head on over and experience this excellent dining spot.