I had a stop over in Denver, and decided to get tacos while waiting for my delayed plane back to Calgary, since I had been eating tacos in SoCal for 2 weeks straight and even the worst one was an excellent one.

Not so in DEN Airport. I was handed re-microwaved steamed frozen mixed vegetable medley in a soft tortilla. It was the most revolting thing I have ever had betwixt a tortilla shell. I tweeted my Taco Regrets and got this reply from Xocolat:

"Can't wait until you get home! We got your back!!"

I've had Xocolat on my radar ever since they took over the space of my favorite sandwich spot in town, Vue Café. I watched the restaurant slowly take shape for months, and saw them at events prior to their Grand Opening Party earlier this year. I've tweeted back and forth with them about their menu, as they promised they would have vegan and gluten-free options available. So when Wendy suggested we head that way after froyo happiness (because dessert before dinner is the best thing ever); I was in there like swimwear.

Our waitress was sweet, adorable and knew the menu like the back of her hand. When they didn't have the first Margarita option available, she knew right away what a good alternative would be. The Margarita Xocolats... oh. My. Damn. They are as delicious as they are beautiful... and enormous! Use two hands. They're also only 50¢ more than a much more sensible sized "Margarita Clasica," so opt for the Xocolat. Or the Diablo! They are nomz. No cloyingly sweet margarita mix and rotgut Cuervo here. They're all made with Don Julio. Mine came with Tamarind candy! And a handpainted elephant! Love.

With our drinks came a basket of fresh tortilla chips and black bean dip. While I couldn't eat the black bean dip, because it had cheese on top, the chips were delicious and reminded me of the taquerias back home.

We all ordered tacos: Mine contained bell peppers, poblanos and mushrooms. Sabz got Norenos with Arrachera (Beef skirt steak), and I'm not sure what Wendy got... because y'all need to update your website menu, Xocolat! All the tacos were served in a soft homemade corn tortilla, with a lime wedge and the most addicting chili oil of your life. I thought King's had the best garlic chili oil in the universe, but Xocolat is giving them a run for their money. It's nothing to fuck with. While other Mexican restaurants in town will try to warn you about their bland "hot sauce," Xocolat's chili oil is simple and legit. When my tacos were all in my belly, I drizzled the rest of the oil on the remaining chips. If I wasn't with company I would've tongue bathed the little bowl it came in.

We finished the meal with the Margarita Clasicas, and our bill came in a fancy box with Pumpkin Seed Brittle. Already making a mental note to come back very soon, and try the rest of the cocktails. I've got my eye on the Melon Riviera.