This is the PDQ closest to where I live, just a hop, skip and a jump away, and is usually frequented by me whenever PDQ has one of it's two-for-one specials going on. This is a frequent occurrence throughout the year.

The drive thru is easily accessible and usually a smooth service experience for a quick grab and go of two deliciously fresh chicken tender or sandwich combo meals of your choosing at 50% off whenever a coupons is available. 

Two meals each consisting of a sandwich or 3 chicken tenders, large fries and a drink for slightly more than $9.00 is definitely a worthwhile and flavorful deal that should not be passed up!

The PDQ menu has undergone something of an update recently with new items available and is even better now than it used to be. Thus, if you haven't stopped by in a while now might be just the time to do so and explore what's new. The current menu can be accessed online at any time.

Worth noting is that PDQ also has a variety of tasty chicken sandwich options available in addition to its chicken tenders or nuggets while its main competitor - Raising Cane's - is pretty much a chicken fingers only establishment.

This is why I usually get most of my chicken fingers/tenders at Raising Cane's while my go-to location for truly tastebud-stimulating, deluxe chicken sandwiches is PDQ.

If you decide to dine in, you will not fail to notice the invariably friendly employees and quick service overall. You will be promptly greeted as soon as you cross the threshold.

The clean and modern restaurant itself has quite the airy and open design inside (in my opinion much nicer than the competition at Raising Cane's). It is well lit and can't help but enhance the enjoyment that you will be experiencing as you happily consume one delectable chicken sandwich or tender after the other.

Note that PDQ also will give you a completely free combo meal of your choice (not just a 2 for 1!) on your birthday, while Raising Cane's will send you a buy-one-get-one-free box combo offer on the anniversary of your Caniac Club membership.

People delivering quality (PDQ): It's definitely what they do very well indeed.