Legitimately the best Thai meal I have had since my trip to Bangkok and Hua Hin last year. Thank you Yelp reviewers who gave me the heads up to try the food here. My family and I were driving in the neighborhood looking for something to eat on a busy Saturday night. We usually go ethnic during the weekends because traditional American and Italian eateries are packed.

Tip: Golden Thai offers a wide range of heat. I can handle some spice, but the mild was more than enough heat for me. I don't like eat so much heat that it masks my ability to detect other layers of flavor.

When I go to a Thai restaurant, I am usually in the hunt for fish cakes. I wasn't holding my breath here because we checked out their menu online, and it wasn't one of the offerings. However, one of my kids noticed they had fish cakes and papaya salad posted on the wall. Eureka! They gave us a generous portion for $7.95. The dipping sauce was perfectly balanced, and I saved it to complement my Pad Thai. The other appetizer we ordered was the Nam Tok or grilled beef salad. When we asked our server which she would recommend, the Larb or Nam Tok, she told us that the spicing and preparation was the same except the Larb is made with ground pork. The flavors were tangy and robust. It was as good as any I have tried. 

We ordered two noodle dishes. The Pad Thai was subtle and well prepared. The Pad See Ew or the wide rice noodle sauteed in dark soy was AMAZING! It came wafting with the classic wok hei (or wok caramelization). It looked great and tasted great. If there were two dishes that I could eat everyday, it would be the Pad See Ew and the fish cakes.

The Panang Curry with Thai rice was very nice. It was sweet, creamy and savory. The vegetables in the curry was finely cut. Overall the chef at Golden Thai is topnotch. The vegetables were finely prepared and chopped. The presentation was beautiful. The flavors were complex and en pointe with the cuisine I am familiar with in Thailand. I cannot wait to come back and try more dishes.

Note: Chef is from Bangkok. They will be going on vacation from mid-September to mid-October, 2017. 

Our server was friendly and informative. This is a family owned business, and we are so fortunate to have such a terrific hole-in-the-wall Thai restaurant in the West Valley.