I have been visiting Vegas regularly now since about 1986, back when I couldn't even get to stand in the casinos, never mind play.
I've stayed at many, many places, ranging from Circus Circus as a child, all the way to the penthouse at Caesar's Palace or a massive suite at the now-gone Sheraton (yes, those last two were superb).

I cannot say Venetian has the very best room ever, since that penthouse thing was quite amazing, but for the purposes of this review, I will stick to the basic room that each hotel is offering.  When staying within that range, there is NOTHING that compares to the Venetian Hotel.
NOTHING, I assure you.

From the minute you pull into the front of this hotel, you will FEEL the difference as your valet opens your door singing some Italan opera tune at the top of his lungs, or as your valet in his red/white striped shirt takes your bags.  You enter the lobby and just stop for a second to take it all in.  Interior is amazing from the minute you walk in with ceiling as high as the sky - paintings/murals that make you gasp, and floors that sparkle and really make you feel "You're in Vegas, baby."  

All of their rooms are "suites" and are about 700+ sq ft in size.  You won't find anything of this size avaialble at other hotels without requiring twice the money you're paying here.  Is it expensive?  Uh... yeah, if you don't gamble heavily, and you need to pay for your room, it will range about $350+ per night, if not up to $399 per night when busy, but if you are anything like me and really enjoy a good hotel experience, it's worth every cent.  The way to do the Venetian best, though, is to gamble here, and have your own casino host to comp your room/meals, etc.  Granted, going this route can end up costing a helluva lot MORE than $350 so you might consider just paying for it if gambling is not one of your talents.  The casino hosts here really take care of you during your stay, and make sure every need of yours is met.  It's sort of like the service of being on a good cruise - - in the middle of the freakin' desert.

Gambling.
The casino is enormous.  Prepare to get lost your first 70 times or so.  I still have trouble finding the elevators at 6 AM after gambling and partying and I've been here more than most people I know.  Venetian's comp policy is a bit higher than other casino's at $70/bet for a minimum of four hours per day.  If you can afford that, though -  gamble here.  Great dealers, super funny pit bosses who know you by name and always greet you and something to entertain everyone.  Good ventilation - smoke is never a problem.

The Venetian does not have a buffet, as of yet anyhow.  So if you're in Vegas for cheap food that you can eat to the point of gluttony - - this may not be the place for you.  In fact, I'm told they deliberately left out a buffet to keep people like you out.  :-)  Their idea, not mine.  In any case, what they do have available are some of the finest dining establishments ever - and ample choices of cuisines.  They have plenty of restaurants on their main level, but many more also on their shopping terraza on the second floor.  Superb Dining.  Excellent Dim Sum.  Zeffirino's - amazing.

24 hour room service is available but it's costly.  I am in constant argument with the room service staff about the meek coffee they deliver.  Now I am not one to mind paying $15 for a pot of coffee, but give me something I won't call "black water".  I mean, I ordered it to wake up - not fall back asleep.  I realize they want me downstairs wasting money instead of hanging out in my room drinking coffee, but geez - I have to wake up to do it - and the quicker I am conscious, the faster I will get down there to blow my money, no?

That is perhaps my only complaint about the Venetian.  
Otherwise, the rooms are fabulous, huge, and the bathrooms are about as big as any hotel room you'd find in NYC, all marble, a shower that will wash your worries away, and a jacuzzi tub that makes you forget you just lost $____________ downstairs.  Who cares when you feel this good, eh?

For a true-to-style Vegas experience, I would definitely recommend checking into the Venetian.  While not the most economical way to go - it truly adds to your Vegas trip in every way.  Location is also perfectly centralized, with easy access to anything you might want to see.  I hate walking in the Vegas heat, so I usually cab it to anything, including a ride across the street to the Mirage Hotel.  While cabbies will look at you strange when you ask to be driven across the street - - you offer a good sum of money and they'll slam on the gas and get you there WAY before your friends arrive there 20 minutes later, dripping in sweat.  The extra you just paid the cabby is simply money you didn't lose at the tables instead.  

This is, afterall, LAS VEGAS!
I'll be there this Easter Weekend!