Wow.. Wow.. wow.. who knew this Italian restaurant was hidden in the  Bathurst and New Westminster plaza! Amalfi is a hidden gem, and I am so happy I found it. Choosing where to go for dinner with friends on a Saturday night is always a struggle, especially when you don't want to trek downtown- so me and gal pals decided to give it a shot. Upon arrival we were greeted right away and offered for our coats to be hung up. (this never happens at a restaurant in Thornhill). 

Right away I was surprised by the ambience, the full bar with the lights was such a classy touch. The bar was busy with groups of people waiting for a free table, so just a note: MAKE A RESERVATION! 

Our waitress Danielle showed up right away with water  and bread w/ olive oil and balsamic vinegar. I will be honest.. the bread was nothing fancy.. but trust me you wont want to fill up on the bread because the food is BEYOND DELICIOUS!  My friends and I did not know what to order because there were so many options, so we decided to order a bunch of dishes and just shared!

We started with 3 Apps:
Caesar Salad, which was fresh crisp lettuce lightly, dressed in a delicious (not too garlicky) dressing. The best part was the TWO HUGE pieces of pancetta- most places only serve 1. 

The Charcoal Pizza was by far the COOLEST dish, it is a must try and basically an amazing photo opportunity for all you instagrammers. The crust had so much flavor!

Lastthe STAR of the night was Ostrica Fungo Grantinati aka.. a delicious plate of mushrooms, cheese and greens. This can be a meal it itself between the fresh green salad and the pile of mushrooms, this plate was way too good to be true. 

For the mains we got 2 pasta dishes and the lamb chops. 
The lamp chop presentation was so flawless; I didn't want to eat it. But.. I did and I enjoyed every bite. 4 good-sized lamb chops with potatoes and veggies!

Both pasta dishes had huge pieces of seafood in every bite , the ratio of sauce to noodles was on point. Did I mention the noodles are HOME MADE.. In house! You can tell a difference, by far best pasta in Thornhill! 

We did not have room for dessert but Lia (the manager) came over and told us that we HAD to try the lemon dessert, which Amalfi is famous for. It was super light and refreshing! 

5 stars for this hidden gem, I cannot wait to return!!!