That was simply remarkable!  What an all-around treat and just what we were looking for.  Everything went so well that I just don't know where to start but I will give it a go.  Farm to Table - Fresh and Delicious!!  We would come back just for the food.  We will definitely come back to bring friends because of the whole experience!

Menu/Food: 10/10 --  Every Tuesday the Chef creates a new and innovative menu that makes you want to order 10+ dishes just so you can try everything.  It was tough making a decision because we didn't want to leave anything out.  If we had more than two people, we would have tried it all!  So, we ordered a bunch of "small plates" and we were so happy that we did.  We got the Squash Blossom - Perfectly "tempura style" battered squash with fluffy goat cheese accompanied by fresh veggies.  Fried Green Tomato - Large fried tomato smothered by Carolina style pulled pork.  Wow!  Scallops - cooked with a nice corn medley including pork belly deliciousness. And... Short Ribs - Perfectly slow cooked short ribs cut into tender slices with a nice homemade potato salad on the side.  Oh yeah, we also started with the classic and JALAPENO deviled eggs.  (Perfectly amount of kick with none of the burn - excellent!).  Then, we finished with a nice light goat cheese cheesecake and fruit.  Perfect light touch to end a big meal.  Luckily the small plates were so well portioned that we never felt too full.  We just happily savored every single bite.  It seemed like every dish had flavors/elements that elegantly complimented the main portion.  That is not very easy to do without losing focus on the prime course of the dish.  Kudos Chef! 

Atmosphere:  9/10 --  Now, usually when I give a 5-star rating, everything is a 10/10.  This 9/10 comes from personal preference but would be fine for most (I think).  The restaurant is located nicely in the middle of downtown Waxhaw.  It is a really cool spot with a nice town-like railroad that goes through.  Yeah, I said railroad like it was 1850.  Lol.  Walking into the restaurant, everything flows and is so welcoming.  All of the tables are cozily close (to be expected in a nice family restaurant like this) and the interior design is so unique.  You can tell someone put in a lot of time and thought into it.  The only confusing thing to me is the bar spot in lower back of the restaurant.  Now, I love a place to sit up at a bar, get some food, have good conversation but.... but it just seems nestled away in the back and away from everything.  IMO, just throw in some more tables and keep rocking out with the kick a$$ food!  But what do I know about restauranting.  Ya know.  

Service: 10/10 --  Our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable about the entire menu.  That was really helpful for first time patrons and for people that really like to know what goes into making their food.  I think it makes for an all-around better experience.  Also, the staff really worked well as team.  That's usually a good formula for great service.  

I'm actually really excited to bring some friends/family here to eat again!  We will be back very soon. You can count on that.  Give it a try as soon as you can.  You will not be disappointed!  

Enjoy! 

-Ian M.