Michael U. had the idea that after our Doughnut Crawl Part - II, we'd go to this new Po-Boy sandwich shop near downtown Las Vegas.  A caravan of five or six cars went form the northwest to Streetcar.

The owner helped move two extra tables to a booth and we had enough room for the 15 or so of us who descended on the place.

Four of us decided to get one sandwich each and split the sandwiches into quarters so that we could each try a little bit of several sandwiches.  It was a super idea.  We ordered a Streetcar which has shrimp, oysters, and catfish.  Sandwich two was the Bourbon Street--roast beef with gravy.  The third sandwich was the Crescent City, a muffuletta.  The fourth was a Marie Laveau which is boudin sausage.  We also had a Pirogue, a crawfish boudin because an error was made and they brought the wrong sandwich, but left it with us to enjoy while they made the correct one.  Most of the sandwiches came with chips and a small side of cole slaw.

With our sandwiches, we ordered three sides--deep fried macaroni and cheese, hush puppies, and corn fritters.  

Everything was simply great!!  The bread is from the Leidenheimer Baking Company in New Orleans and is flown here for Streetcar.  The fillings in the sandwiches were excellent.  My favorite was Marie Laveua, the boudin sausage Po-boy.  The deep freind mac and cheese was excellent as were the corn fritters.

For dessert, they brought us some praline King Cake they were trying out.  It was very flavorful.  Michael U. had pre-ordered a King Cake and they were waiting for us to come before they dressed the cake so the icing and other things on top were fresh.  I have not yet tried my King Cake because I'm still in a food coma.

Service was very, very good.  Gwen, the owner, was a wonderful, welcoming person who made us feel at home at her piece of NOLA in Las Vegas.  Our main server D'nis was very good and a friendly person.  Gwen gave the three young ones in the group a small stuffed animal.  That was very kind of her.

In the piece of praline King Cake I got was the baby that's baked into the cake.  That means I have to buy the next King Cake or host the next Mardi Gras gathering.  OK, Mel C., Terri R., and Michael U., put this on your calendar for next year.  We return, get four sandwiches and some sides again, and I'm buying.  

I can't wait to come back here for the alligator Po-boy.  It's been awhile since I had alligator!