A Peruvian surprise indeed! After scouring Lawrenceville and Bloomfield Sunday afternoon, searching for a decent place to eat we decided on Chicken Latino in the Strip. I was not craving latino cuisine but was fed up because everyplace I had anticipated trying was Closed on Sunday. St. Patty's day is coming ever closer for our yearly celebration and the Strip was sea of green instead of the normal black and gold. There were still people lackadaisically strolling around but the peak of the morning madness had passed by 3:30pm and parking was easy to find boasting free meters.

Grumpy and starving we sat down next to the wall with the bright sun streaming in. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming with little tables lining the wall and scattered through the dining area. You can also have a seat on the wrought iron tables on the sidewalk if you prefer outdoor seating.  Peruvian wall art is displayed though out the space. 

 Sitting in the sun and daydreaming about the St. Patties day parade lifted my mood instantly. The menu was not very large and since I had never been I took suggestions from our server who was very sweet and personable. I ordered a local Peruvian soda that was bright yellow and tasted like a milder version of cream soda with the slow cooked pork platter. She stated there were only two orders left and if it didn't sell out she was taking one home. Of course I had to have it! It was accompanied with black beans, rice, slices of lime, and the freshest corn tortillas. 

The waitress also recommended the spicy green chili sauce and explained it was called Ahi sauce. A terrific blend of habanero, jalapeno, garlic, and bread crumbs. It is hot so I only drizzled a little into my dish for the flavor. 

The BF ordered a quesadilla. Not the most exciting item but it proved itself when I tasted it. The chicken was so full flavored from the slow cooking rotisserie. Add in the black beans, rice, and melted smooth cheddar wrapped in a soft lightly crisp flour tortilla and this is by far one of the top quesadillas I have ever tasted. They do not skimp on stuffing here.

My slow cooked pork was just as developed. It was incredibly tender and pulled apart in it's own juices. The meat seemed to only have a salt and pepper seasoning because the meaty flavor of the pork could stand on it's own. I did use the fresh lime wedges but the citrus did not over power the pork it was a nice citrus compliment. I made little tacos with the rice, beans, pork, and ahi sauce. I know I was starving but it was sooo good and would love to take my parents. 

I do have one negative but it didn't have anything to do with Chicken Latino. There was a group seated next to us with an obnoxious woman telling and retelling a story about how " she was gonna kick that gringas ass" and "disrespecting me that way" plus every other expletive that ran through her tiny brain. I'm not a prude but it was over the top and so trashy. Too bad she couldn't hear what she truly sounded like. 

One last note: The food was served on styrofoam plates and bowls. I was kinda like ok? Well my meal stayed perfectly hot the entire sitting. So I deduced it was a good thing despite the afront on the green movement.