New Orleans Take Out is all around greatness.  I absolutely love this place and everything on the menu.  When I was a kid the best times were when my father would take an afternoon delivery to the east side and swing by NOTO on the way back.  It was always such a great surprise when my sister and I would be called in for dinner, and right away you could smell those spices!  Those are some of my favorite memories, and to this day I get a rush of excitement just walking in to the place when I get that first waft...  It really is the best outside of the Gulf.

I really can't even start on what my favorites are because every time I pick something off the menu it becomes my new favorite.  The po' boys are without exception great.  The roast beef was my first love, and I keep coming back to this one.  The French bread is perfect - crisp and the perfect texture for the sandwich.  It took me a while to try the fried oyster po' boy - I was not so adventurous as a kid - but after trying this I see why this is my mother's favorite.  The Gulf shrimp and the fried chicken are incredible.  This place is a 5 star easily on the strength of the po' boys alone, but the rest of the menu is not to be skipped.  The jambalaya is great for those that can't take too much heat, and even better with a bit of Tabasco for those that can.  The shrimp creole - HOO BOY!  Spicy but not excessive, it has enough heat to get you sweating and the flavors are spot on.  Same for the shrimp etouffee.  The red beans & rice with double sausage is my all-time favorite comfort food.  Most of the time I can't make up my mind, so I hit up the Mardi Gras combo, which gives you all three.  Perfection!  And it all comes with a piece of cornbread to finish it all off.  

I've only been to the Fordem location, though there is another on Monroe Street.  I'm certain that had I not graduated prior to this location opening I would have made it a regular destination.  As it is, I love coming down Sherman then Fordem, and you're suddenly right there looking at the mural on the side of the building.  I call ahead whenever I plan to stop, but about half the time it is straight up impulse that brings me there.  No matter whatever else happens that day, it's always a good day if you've been to New Orleans Take Out.