Urban Beans is my neighborhood coffee shop. I could walk here, if I wished. 

I am a beverage snob, and definite foodie. I hadn't had their food until recently, so I didn't feel I could have written an adequate review. ;) The service is prompt and the baristas are usually friendly and helpful!

But... Holy biscotti, batman!

I tried the Honey Smoked Salmon Salad and have tried chocolate-orange, and lemon-lavender biscotti. Pastry aside, the food was delightfully healthy, with a touch into decadence, if you so desire.

 Each dip of the biscotti in my "Kiss" (Chocolate & Caramel) iced latte was stellar. The biscotti was even moist enough to eat without dipping it into the latte. 

The Honey Smoked Salmon Salad was stellar! It wasn't raw salmon, like I expected (I LOVE salmon). The texture with homemade croutons and the crisp, cool greens were a perfect compliment. I don't recall what the dressing was, but it appeared to have dijon mustard grains in it. I would eat this probably about 300 more times... Today. Right now.

My S.O. had a Turkey and Brie sandwich, which he enjoyed... It was wonderful... Cuz I had to steal a bite, myself! ;) It was healthy and served with fresh fruit! I could be biased, however, as turkey sandwiches are my absolute favorite. 

The bathrooms are CLEAN and unisex. The patio is lovely in the cooler months, and breezy! Th interior is delightfully vintage, yet urban, in appeal, and clean & comfortable for co-working, or just screwing around online, like co-working tends to lead with me. 

My usual order for coffee has become the iced coffee with sugar-free mocha. I cream it to my taste, and carry on. I, admittedly, hadn't had good coffee for awhile, and remembered why I started turning my nose up at bad coffee, upon first sip of their lattes and iced coffee.

Another thing that stands out to me is their array of LOCAL goods!! I'm very pro-local shopping when it's doable, and they bring it right to you with too-tempting popcorn, jellies, oils, teas, and jellies... Just to name a few!

All in all... I can see myself walking here in the cooler months, to enjoy a local, tasty lunch... And doing this quite often! Or even dropping by for my morning coffee fix. ;)