Archi's for me always always been my favorite Thai spot in Vegas. I have been a fan ever since there first location on flamingo. Just seeing Archi's grow with two more locations all on my side of town not only makes it more accessible. I love seeing non franchise chains or that small family style run restaurant succeed. The thing about success and growing more restaurants is will the consistency be there at ALL locations. I can honestly say before I tried this location the one on rainbow my go to since closest to home. The food has been just as awesome, amazing, and on point every time. I am huge fan of the lunch specials! I also come lot for dinner with my brother family. I have never had bad dish on the menu. Some of my favorite are the spicy basil, any of the curry, and really can go on and on. Just ry it if never had Archi's. 

This location it right next to the movie theater so makes for perfect before movie or after movie spot. Honestly that shopping center almost ridiculous amount of quality and assortment of food can get not just Thai food. Leave that for another review. Lol! 

Two things that stood out for me came to this location versus the others. I felt like the lunch special portion was twice the size compare the rainbow location. I would order the same thing spicy basil with ground chicken. Swear the spicy basil was twice the size. The plate was full full compare to rainbow location everything looked nicely portion size. Just overflowing almost. Thumbs up for me!!! The dining area might be the same size as rainbow location but feel like bigger again maybe double in size. Fair the set up lot more different. The dining room has high ceilings compare to the rainbow location. Upfront almost like dining room next to dining room. Not as loud so comes lunch time or busy no need to shout out conversations. The tables not literally next to one another then rainbow location. The decor like definitely know walking into Thai restaurant. The service feel like they stop by more often check up on you. I went right around prime lunch hour and not as busy as rainbow location. 

Overall Archi's is my five star Thai hands down. Just happy not only do they have multiple locations but knowing that get the same great food at each one. Five star all on its own. Consistency...