I love Indian food, let me start of saying. I first discovered Indian cuisine years ago while working in an Indian restaurant in NYC, which was a great gateway for me to try everything (hello menu sampler). I gained a whole new respect for food after trying it. Indian food can accommodate the meat lover (love me some lamb vindaloo or lamb korma) or the vegetarian alike (saag paneer, etc..). Dishes can range from spicy to hearty to sweet, and differ regionally just as American cuisine differs from coast to coast. Being an Indian food lover, I refuse to go to the buffets in this town.

So since Shalimar closed it's only location next to Firefly on Paradise, I was out of options. I ended up reading some reviews and forced my then boyfriend to try it. When you first walk through the doors it's upscale and very beautiful. Kind of like an more upscale Baluchi's to any NYC'ers reading this. We sit down, and a very helpful server recommends a glass of wine and cocktail pairings after I tell him what we're ordering (because of course I already know what I want!). How amazing is that? I love when a server is good at their job and we accepted his recommendations. So, we start of with naan, mango chutney, raita and 2 cocktails. I ordered lamb vindaloo and he had chicken tikka (I told him that was the safest bet for first timers). The lamb was amazing, and the vindaloo wasn't so spicy that it was over powering. His was perfectly cooked as well, and actually liked mine better, HA! The service was prompt, and we always had enough water and drinks to never have to ask for anything. The waiter was quick, knowledgeable, and we never felt like we were being pushed into ordering anything. Mind you, it's not cheap. To really enjoy yourself and your date it'll probably cost you anywhere from $60 - $80, gratuity included. ( By enjoy yourself I mean getting naan (bread), chutney (dipping sauce), an app like samosas, 2 entrees and 2 cocktails).

Upon leaving I got an Origin India card, where I get a discount and I'm signed up for events they do there like tasting events. They got a new chef a while back and changed the entire menu recently and I haven't a chance to try it lately. I looked online and saw that they have a Chef tasting menu that is chalk full of 5 courses for $45 per person. Not bad. You will definitely see me there again, because I am 100% positive that the food remains to be fantastic. It's a great date place to add a little exotic and unexpected to your nightly game plan for the adventurous couple or tourist.