Updated to include that Nate's now serves French Fries and takes Credit Cards.  Plus if you like Spinach Pies, Nates are excellent, flavorful dough perfectly baked with a rich spinach filling.

Most restaurants today want to be cutting edge and trendy, but there is a place for restaurants that buck that trend, places that have not changed over the years and go about their business serving good food simply and at reasonable prices; Nate's Deli & Restaurant is a a local favorite for just these reasons. This is a place that serves really good Greek and American food. When I need some good Middle-Eastern food cheap it tops the list. Nestled just down the street from the West Side Market at 1932 West 25th Street, Nate's is underwhelming from the outside looking a bit run down from the front. If you park in the parking lot in back and enter through the kitchen you get a chance to see how clean they keep things. Once inside you have a shotgun of a restaurant with booths on one side and tables closely spaced together on the other, there are a couple of small tables in the front display windows. While very clean and attempts have been made to warm up Nate's it still feels a bit crowded and dull, especially because the few colors that have been used are a very muted. But going to Nate's is not about decor its about food. 

Although the menu features a full deli side, I go to Nate's for the Middle-Eastern side of the menu, most times getting the same thing, a falafel roll sandwich and a half order of baba ganoush. The falafel is a bit simpler than most, just falafel balls rolled with lettuce, tomato and tahini in a pita. What makes it work is that the falafel are excellent, well spiced and lightly fried and then well balanced with the other ingredients. By using a large pita and rolling the sandwich, you don't have the problem of some falafels were the pita gets soggy and overstuffed. The baba ganoush is also very good, with a smooth texture and a nice balance between the roasted eggplant, the tahinin and the lemon. Served simply with a topping of olive oil, parsley and a little paprika and two large pitas to scoop into it, you couldn't ask for much more. But of course at Nate's there is more, since you get a side dish of pepperoncinis and pickled radishes to munch along with your food. The pickled radishes are the real treat, with their bright pink color, mild flavor and just the right amount of crunch. 

Nate's service is very fast and the food is consistently good, with prices very affordable. A couple other things to know about Nate's, they are only open till 5:30pm on weekdays, 4:30pm on Saturdays and closed on Sundays. Also take note of the little number on your table, when you are done you go to the register and give them the number and they will have the check. Nate's has been there seemingly forever, with good reason, they serve very good Middle-Eastern food at low prices and you can get in and out very quickly.