I enjoyed this new ramen place a lot! Great service and the food and dessert were fantastic. 

Can't resist giving them 5 stars even though the menu was limited and they brought my check early. Service was pretty good though, nice server who smiled and checked in often, decent teamwork from the cooks to grab more tea and toppings.

They only offer cans of tea but it is the super dark great tasting Oolong tea. I needed two of them at $1.75 each but happy to pay for quality.

Speaking of quality I love the fact they DON'T USE MSG and have great Handmade noodles. I enjoyed every bite and slurp of this meal.

The open bar is fun because you can see the action and get the smells pouring from the kitchen.  Suggest they add more variety to the menu and better seating for groups but hard to find much to complain about. 

I got the Shio ramen: 5 stars Original chefs recommendation. 
It includes pork belly Chashu that they torch fresh in front of you giving it great flavor. On the menu I noticed you can add extra Chashu but didn't say anything about adding chicken on the menu. They have a huge bowler full of chicken that looked great so I asked about it and he said he can add chicken instead. I happy paid $3 extra and got both Chashu and Chicken to get a variety. 
Ramen is 5 star after you add the garlic paste, chili paste, and chili oil it was just so awesome. I devoured it all and can't wait to go back. 
You can add more noodles or other items part way through. I added more onions mid way for $1 which was nice.

For dessert they have Macaron Ice Cream Sandwhich/ Cookies: $3.50 wasn't cheap but this was so good and worth every penny.
It's a Macaron (mack-ah-rohn) with one 'O' not two. The server wasn't sure the difference in a macaron vs macaroon, we were both wondering if it was a typo. haha. I'm new to both so I used google. Basically they are different and the macaron is the bomb and just so good in the ice cream sandwich form. 
If you go for dessert only take cash, I think they have a $5 or maybe $10 card minimum which is fair since they pay fees. 

Still reading? Stop and go check them out. It might be hard but try to take your time and not inhale your food in 10 minutes like I did. haha. Enjoy!