Yet another reason for me to come back to the Yonge and Finch area... I LOVE korean food - especially rice cakes so when I saw this on blogto I knew I had to go! 

I came on a Saturday night and it wasn't too busy (probably due to the horrible weather that night) so the wait for a table wasn't long at all. There are two floors, but the place is still pretty small so I can imagine that there'd be a bit of a wait when it does get busy. The decor is really simple yet modern - perfect place for a casual bite with your friends. 

I ordered the bacon and sausage rose sauce rice cakes with cheese and ramen noodles. I wish I didn't order the cheese add-on though because it was way too cheesy and over powered the sauce. It was still good though, next time I'll just pass on the cheese. It doesn't look like they're very big portions but it is very filling! I believe mine came up to $14 after the add-ons which is ehh average price! 

My friend got the bulgogi brown sauce rose sauce. It is sooo watery .. and a bit salty for our taste! But despite that my friend still enjoyed it. I believe hers was only $10..   She also asked for spicy and had a bit of a hard time finishing it because of the spice LOL so if you can't handle your spices too well be careful when ordering spicy! 

My other friend got the kimchi rice for $10. I didn't get to try it but he said it was really good and devoured it within minutes. Again, the portion doesn't look huge nor worth the price but it still filled him up. 

We also tried the fish skewers! It was huge and this is definitely the one dish where I say the portion is so much more than the price! $5 for 3 huge skewers is a steal. It was good but I wish it was in a spicier sauce or something other than just clear broth because it was a little plain. I just dipped it in my rice cake sauce so it was an easy fix! 

Oh, lastly we also ordered the dumplings which .. weren't the very best! It was ok but we had better else where and that fact was super evident. It was crispy, I'll give it that but something about the filling we didn't really enjoy. 

Service was also very good - our server was very bright, cheerful and adorable! She checked up on us often - not to the point where we were annoyed but enough where we were comfortable and had everything we needed. 

I definitely recommend trying Go Topoki if you're in the area or even if you're craving rice cakes! I'll be returning very soon to try out the other sauces. This place is super unique with the customization options for rice cakes, and with superb service - I have really high hopes for this place :)