I'm compelled to write this review because I've truly had a pleasant and personable dining experience that had me yearning to plan my next visit and map my next culinary experience at this wonderful restaurant 

This evening I was met by dining staff that made
me feel like family - with an attention to detail that couldn't be more spectacular ensuring our comfort and care. 

The open concept kitchen is mesmerizing and a joy to watch these trained professionals ply their craft and well orchestrated teamwork. 

As the regular menu was complimented by a seasonal exotic selection Wild Game festival menu- I took the opportunity to try some non traditional offerings and I'm glad I took the leap of faith. 

Though I'd note and to be honest - The eggplant parmigiana is a dish I would gladly give up meat for - thinly sliced - perfectly sauced , stacked and stuffed - as an everyday offering this is a must try and worthy of visiting the restaurant alone. It's truly hard to believe it's eggplant. Vegetarians take note!

From the Wild game menu - I went with the tasting board and it was an out of the ordinary experience we should be proud to have in the city. 

The rabbit was divine - until this day I'd never had a rabbit experience quite so enjoyable and worthy of including in this review 

The delicate ostrich sausage was something I hadn't expected - and was a pleasantly
surprised at the texture and softness of flavours in a sausage . 

The duck was perfect and sliced expertly as to allow one to savour each nuance of effort put forth in its preparation. 

But the camel steak- this  was something that stopped me in my tracks... I'll truly never look at a camel the same having now had such a tender and flavourful slice of meat that had me staring at the plate incredulously that I was partaking in a dromedary.

I'd highly suggest you visit this neighbourhood gem that boasts a phenomenal everyday menu, an impressive wine collection and an addictive cappuccino that is accompanied by an In-house baked fresh everyday biscotti cookie with every cup!

Truly can't wait to go visit my family here once again :)