Tucked away on a shopping strip, latent and nearly concealed is Bangkok Ocha. I've actually never noticed this restaurant despite the millions of times I've frequent this road and passed this exact location. One of my friends recommended Bangkok Ocha and raved that this is his favorite Thai restaurant. Let's be honest, I ignored him. The dull, insipid exterior does not exactly scream "GREAT, AUTHENTIC THAI FOOD HERE!" Nonetheless, the boyfriend and I decided to pop in last night and give Ocha a try!

We ordered the stuffed chicken wings as our appetizer.  I must warn you, patience is key since everything is made to order. Boy was it worth the wait! The dish is accompanied with a sweet and sour peanut sauce. Crushed peanuts floated on the sauce's yummy horizon. I added some spicy peppers ("hot sauce") and BAM, perfection! Kinda felt horrible, but I couldn't resist asking the waiter for TWO refills on the sauce.

For the entree, my boyfriend settled on the Curry Fried Rice and I went with one of my Thai favorites, Pad Kee Mow (pan-fried noodles stir fried with various vegetables, tomatoes and FRESH basil!). We asked for a level 4 (out of 5) of spiciness for both dishes. The main reason why I LOVE Thai food is the abundance of flavors, herbs and spices.  WOW.. Ocha delivered just that! Not at all exaggerating, but with the first bites into the entrees, all my worries drifted to the ceiling and I was in food heaven! SO many different, yet distinctive flavors between the two dishes. The Pad Kee Mow was steaming of fresh basil. The Curry Fried Rice was what really stimulated my taste buds, the most compelling flavors and spices that I've ever had in a Thai dish. Level 4 of spiciness allowed the perfect amount of spicy that complemented the other flavors and not at all overwhelming. We topped the prefect meal with Thai tea. I couldn't believe my luck, even the tea was more abundant in flavor than other Thai teas I've had. That was it. I officially fell in love with Bangkok Ocha!

The only recommendation I have is to reflect the amazing spice and flavor of the food onto the design of the restaurant. I love hole-in-the-wall restaurants as much as anybody, but the flat decor and exterior does not do this place any justice! The restaurant is nice and clean, but the lighting is dark (and no, I do not mean dim), rendering the place dull. I think with a little bit of color and lighting, Bangkok Ocha will get the attention it deserves! Regardless, the service and food is so amazing that once they get people in the door, they're hooked (noticed most of their customers are regulars that the staff knew by name!).