"MAH SHI SUH!"     "ONO!"

I just haadd to say "delicious" in both Korean and Hawaiian. 

Island Style is quite the hole-in-the-wall. Now I am aware they have added a new location in the Greenland Supermarket food court, but I urge you to try it's original location first. It's a little mom and pop restaurant located in the middle of an older business complex. It seems very modest from the outside, as the small establishment is covered by highly reflective film on its storefront. Nonetheless, from the moment you walk in, there's a overwhelming feeling of coziness. It is furnished nicely with wood flooring and homely decorations, which provide a nice and warm environment to eat in. It reminds me of being in someones own kitchen, especially since the owners are extremely genuine and welcoming. 

On to the goodies. I've been here several times, and it's often a struggle to decide whether to choose something from the Korean menu or the Hawaiian side. Both are equally solid. I have a few favorites on the Korean side, the stand-outs being the Casseroles and the Cold Buckwheat Noodle soup (Neng Myuhn), which is THE BEST IN TOWN. I live in the far Southwest side of town, and when I get a craving for Neng Myuhn, I take the 20 minute drive without hesitation. For those of you who haven't had this dish, you might be a little intrigued over a noodle-based soup that is served... well, cold. It is mainly a summer dish, but plenty still enjoy it throughout the colder seasons. The ingredients are fairly simple. The soup consists of a beef broth, is chilled, the served with thin and stringy buckwheat noodles. The garnishes are what really tie this dish together; sliced lean beef brisket, julienned cucumber, sliced Asian pears, pickled radish, and half of a hard-boiled egg adorned with sesame seed sprinkles. You are also presented with white vinegar and hot Korean mustard paste, both are things that I add to mine. The reason why Island Style's Buckwheat Noodle soup reigns supreme is because their broth is perfectly seasoned and the noodles glutinous texture is just right, or "al dente", if you will. If you haven't had this yet, and are a fan of Korean cuisine, I strongly suggest you try this, regardless of the temperature outside.

Island Style's Hawaiian fare also delivers, and it's apparent because this place is frequented by Vegas's local Hawaiians. I've tried most of their offerings, which consist of the usual favorites. My personal go-to dish tends to be the mixed plate, with the Meat Jun often being the first to disappear from my plate. I do recall them having a few specialty Hawaiian items on Thursdays, such as Kalua Pork & Cabbage and Ahi Poki which were delightful as well. 

There really isn't much else to add, except.... BOILED PEANUTS?! OMNOMNOMNOM. Oh and the Fried Mandu (Pork Dumplings) are also worthy of being labeled best in town. Hand-made daily.

Anyways, Island Style never fails to provide a quality meal in warm, homely atmosphere by owners who really seem to enjoy taking care of their local, and first time customers.