This edition of Excited about Eating takes us to a neat little eatery serving fresh sandwiches, soups, and salads along with cookies, cakes, and coffees. Pickled Peach Handcrafted Foods is a simple neighborly establishment in the college town of Davidson, NC.

Dora here. I love this little community where colorful main street shop windows invite you to wander in and browse, where people stop to chat as if they've been friends forever, and where sitting outside and lingering over coffee or lunch seems the most natural thing to do on a Sunday afternoon. The Pickled Peach is tucked into the back of a building, one of those places that draws you in with their covered (and heated, if necessary) patio. Or, if you prefer, you can sit outside and soak in the sun and fresh air. Their small inside boasts a few bar stools as well, but we noticed that most everybody ordered at the counter and then meandered out to the deck. Such a relaxing, comfortable vibe!

For my lunch, I chose the Cornmeal Fried Shrimp sandwich with butter lettuce on a long roll. The large, perfectly-executed shrimp combined flawlessly with the spicy mayo, greens and the crispy roll.

The Sweet Potato salad, roasted sweet potatoes, peashoots, walnuts, lemon zest, and a mustard vinaigrette, zinged with an interesting blend of flavors.

Dora here. I agree. First time ever eating that combo, but it worked. The citrus taste gave it a light, fresh flavor and the greens added texture to the soft sweet taters. Different, in a good way.  

The Slow Braised and Pulled Chicken sandwich. What can I say? This sandwich had my name written all over it! lol. Pulled chicken with just enough ginger and apple cider in the slaw to whisper that it was there. OH MY YUM! Delicious!!  

And we couldn't resist sharing the Coconut Chewie Cookie. Check out the size of this monster cookie! Tell me you could pass by that huge chunk of sweetness?:) BTW, this restaurant (actually, most restaurants in this community) isn't into artificial annnnyyyyything, so if you prefer a particular brand of sweetener, bring your own.

Try to pass by this huge chunk of sweetness, I dare you! (Coconut Chewie Cookie)

What features draw you in to a restaurant?

No debate here. Five forks out of five for a family friendly restaurant serving outstanding food. ~Ernie & Dora Hiers, Fiction Faith & Foodies Blog