Choolaah feels like it could belong in the California Bay Area. Besides the fact that it's filled with suits from companies all around the Beachwood area, the decor is both modern and inviting. Good job, designers. 

I love the simplicity of the menu and helpful photos. For a first-timer, I'd definitely recommend the meal option: depending on what BBQ meat or vegetables you get, for under $10 you'll have a bowl of soft rice and tender morsels, a cup of sauce, a condiment cup of cold mango chili, and a fresh piece of sesame, garlicky naan. After ordering, you'll get a buzzer - although my food came out so fast I barely had time to walk to the drink dispenser and back. If you do have to wait a bit, not to worry - watch your food being made through big glass walls around the kitchen.

Damn, is that naan good. Like REALLY good. Dip it in any of the sauces, including the hot sauce (self serve near the utensils), and you'll be wishing all your favorite fast food restaurants offered naan next to their French fries option. I'm no judge of authenticity, but my Chicken Tikka Masala bowl tasted reaaalll good. I wish the sauce was a little thicker and hotter when I got it, but I'll have to go again during an off-time to see if the consistency changes. 

Before you dig in, and after you're done, use the "hand jacuzzi" next to the utensil station to prep your fingers for some naan-ripping action! This is the first time I've ever seen one of these stations, but it's essentially like a two-holed Dyson airblade. Stick one hand in each opening and lukewarm water is squirted all around your hands. Shake 'em off, dry with some paper towels, and prepare to eat. 

The innovation doesn't stop there. The communal table you see just to the right of the registers? The asymmetric bars running down the center are actually the pages of books embedded in the table - check under the table and you'll see the books. The topic of whether the books are real or not is a source of much controversy, and you should go to decide for yourself. In the bathroom, you'll find more clean, sleek design. The sink is a modern-take on those bamboo-style faucets, and even the baby-changing station was made of brushed steel on the outside. If you're one of those people who hate touching doors after washing their hands, there's a foot-pedal at the bottom of the door for you.

There's plenty of seating - and most of it was full when I went - but I ended up sitting in the converted garage area downstairs. It was a sunny day out so we caught some rays and nice views of... the Whole Foods across the street. I finished my meal feeling satisfied, but not bloated or heavy. Naan, I'll be back for you.