I'm always down with some grilled chicken.  A quick Yelp search of "pollo" pulled this place up.  I browsed through the pictures and saw that they had an awesome looking pollo salad. As most of you know, I am pretty much allergic to vegetables.  I never buy them, rarely eat them, and generally, we aren't the best of friends.  BUT....when you throw them together with some meat in a salad, I am no longer allergic to them and actually enjoy a good salad every now and then.  I was near this area today, and decided to stop by.  

I walked inside and was greeted by a man (super family run joint) who took my order.  I went with the "KISS Salad".  Paid the man my money (just over $7.00), grabbed some salsas from the salsa bar (great selection btw...pickled onions, green onions, cucumber, radish, 3 kinds of salsas etc) and took a seat in their dining room.  A few minutes later, my salad was placed in front of me.  Here is how it was................

KISS Salad-  This thing looked awesome!  I don't know if I have seen a prettier salad.  It was presented extremely well.  This salad came with a ton of cucumbers, chicken, shredded cheese and pico de gallo.  This is laid on top of a mixed field greens blend salad and comes with a little cup of avocado/ranch type dressing on the side.  The salad usually comes with a hard boiled egg, but they were out of eggs today (no biggie...probably my least favorite item of the bunch, even if it was included...didn't miss it one bit).  The guy who bought out my salad apologized and said that they stuffed it a little bit fatter with the other ingredients.  Fine by me!  The salad comes with 2 fried corn tortillas, too.  I had one bite of it and it was great.  Didn't eat them though (low carb issues ;-) lol).

I got some of my cups of salsas dumped them on the salad along with the dressing, mixed it up a bit and went to town!  Everything was delicious! The dressing and salsas coated everything perfectly.  They added some coolness and creaminess (avocado ranch) as well as some heat (salsas) to the salad. The cucumbers and tomatoes were incredibly fresh and tasty.  The mound of chicken they top this with was grilled to perfection and then hacked up into small pieces.  It made it so that every single bite of salad had some chicken in it.  Kind of reminded me of bacon bits almost.  It was great!  I woofed down that salad in record time.  Flavors were perfect and I can't remember the last time I had a better salad.  Yeah, it was that good!

I was definitely impressed and will make my way back here possibly next week.  Once my low carb diet restrictions are done with, I hope to try out their tacos and other offerings.  This place is a small, family run joint, that is pumping out great food.  Can't wait to try out the rest of their menu!