After seeing ads for this place for many moons on local TV, I finally got to eat here on a lunch date today.

Note: It's a little hard to find. We walked up and down 4th Avenue, even past 322, and still did not see it. After walking into a PAT Information Center and getting the helpful gentleman behind the counter to call for us, we finally came upon it.

Actually, I should have looked at the website more thoroughly, since it clearly shows in the "ABOUT" section that it's in the Pittsburgh Information Technology Center. 

Yeah, who knew, especially for a place that has memorable (memorably silly) commercials?

Located on Floor M, which sounds like it's in another dimension, you'll need to use the intercom next to the handicapped door (to the left of the revolving doors) and dial "0002" for Ephesus. After we did just that, a friendly young guy with an accent came down and brought us up. He sheepishly admitted that the place is tough to locate but promised us that the hassle would be worth it. 

We got  up there, saw the sign, and seated ourselves, discovering that its actually rather cozy and fun up there, not to mention quiet, far from the madding crowd if you will. There are a slew of tables, a ping-pong table, a basketball hoop, a foosball table, two couches, and a big screen TV.  You could hold a party up here! There was a soccer game on the telly at the time, and the owner, nice soft-spoken man that he is, kept sitting down for a few minutes at a time to watch. 

My date described our experience perfectly, favorably comparing it to eating lunch at a lounge or at someone's rec room.. 

Ephesus Pizza has a huge menu, not limited to pizza 'n' hoagies, with a Turkish/Greek slant (pide, gyros, hummus, baba ghanoush, etc.), but after seeing those TV spots for years, I knew exactly what I wanted...

...and that would be the fabled Ephesus Pie. I went with a "Personal 6 Inch" which gets you four nice slices. 

It's a white pizza with tomato, green pepper, a "special blend cheese," and a little shish kebab on each cut. I chose lamb.

This is easily the most unique and one of the very best pizzas I have ever eaten.

The crust was fluffy, crispy, chewy, flaky, and moist. It was almost like eating a pizza on pita bread that was fried in olive oil. I could have eaten the crust alone and been satisfied. 

And that cheese...

I'm assuming it's mozzarella mixed with some other cheeses, but whatever it was made of, it was as gooey as Mr. Fantastic! It had a life of its own, and I kept pulling away more endless strands of cheese with each bite. The lamb cubes themselves were oh soooo tender and sublimely cooked. Oil permeates the pie and ends up on the bottom, which means you have to smear your pizza onto it for delectable effect. 

My date raved about her Triple Pepperoni Pie. I got a taste and almost got jealous. 

Before the pizza, we each had a Tossed Salad. I got mine with "Turkish Dressing" which had some lemon in it. I can't really describe it other than that it was comparable to an Italian vinaigrette and was pretty good. One minor complaint: And this holds true with most pizza places in Pittsburgh, they really should chop their veggies more when serving salads. I had big pieces of green pepper and no knife to cut them with.

Aside from everything being served on paper or styrofoam with plastic utensils, I have no other major complaints aside from the location. 

Now get this, they have desserts too, and unlike most "desserts" you get at pizza places, these weren't as a childhood friend used to say, "jive." 

I ordered the Chocolate Pudding which is served chilled in a cup atop some chocolate sponge cake. Their print menu describes the pudding as "Turkish chocolate pudding." How that differs from other chocolate puddings I'm not sure, but Swiss Miss or Jello this wasn't. It was homemade, and scratch chocolate pudding is something I regrettably don't get to have that often. It's supposed to come with pistachios, but they forgot them. No matter, it was a nice, rich, cold, simple dessert that I could eat daily. 

My date had the Cinnamon Sticks. There are 8 (!) to an order, and thankfully she let me have a couple. All I can say is that in texture, they are akin to the pizza crust, but other than that,  theirs are like a spicy, exotic sort of funnel cake, with powdered sugar on top and warm icing on the side. It made for a fine encore to an already fine, fine meal. Bravo!

We spoke to the owner before we left, and he almost blushed when we heaped praise upon him and his establishment. He did say that they'll be moving to another, more accessible location sometime in the future. 

Or it could be bad. I mean, if this place is easier to find, it's gonna get swamped, and you'll need reservations! Yes, their food is THAT good!

Ephesus Pizza is worth going Downtown on a weekend to search for. I am seriously green-eyed with anyone who works in the same building.