First, some show times and some tips and then I will attempt to be humorous with my review:

FOUNTAIN SHOW TIMES:
Monday - Friday:
3pm - 7pm (Every Half Hour....so 3pm, 3:30pm, 4pm, etc.)
THEN
7pm - 12am (Every 15 Minutes...so 7pm, 7:15pm, 7:30pm, etc.)

Saturdays/Holidays:
12pm - 7pm (Every Half Hour)
7pm - 12am (Every 15 Minutes)

Sundays:
11am (Every 15 minutes for the Jasmine Sunday Brunch)
THEN it follows the Saturday/Holiday Schedule at 12pm

TIPS:
1) Stay away from the rapper guys trying to give you one of their CDs with all of their "slammin hits."  This is a scam.  Do not even touch the CD.  Once you grab the CD they then say you bought it and it costs $5.  They are pushy and intimidating to tourists that do not know better.  Just keep walking.  You do not have to be polite to these people....they are scam artists.  They notoriously hide out near the fountains and on some of the catwalks near the fountains.  Just keep walking.
2) If you want to get a good spot for the show then travel during one of the 15 minute span time frames.  Arrive right before the fountain show ends and wait for everybody to leave then grab the best location to watch the next show.  You will wait for 20-30 minutes in total, but it will be worth it.

REVIEW:
The show is great.  You can see it all over the strip, but nothing is better than seeing it up close and personal.  There are tons of characters asking for tips with you taking a picture etc.  Be sure to look at the dirty looking Dora.  There is some lady there dressed as Dora and she looks as though she just walked through the desert and decided to make a few bucks at the Bellagio fountains before once again venturing out into the desert....like a weird Vegas Punxsutawney Phil.

I don't want to sound like a big wuss, but the best song for that fountain show is "Time to Say Goodbye."  Look it up on youtube....it gives me chills, but I have to act tough since my fiance is usually right next to me.  Yeah....I act tough as I accompany her to the Prada store to go bag shopping....

Kneel before my toughness!!!!

Seriously though....awesome show.  Do not miss it.  And remember my tips.