I must say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. I love the location and the concept. Walking in I didn't have any expectations I was just ready to enjoy some wine! I heard about this place on instagram and how they offer free wine tastings on Tuesday! After a long day at work who wouldn't love some free wine! 
Walking in the doors the white chairs and red blankets greeted me along with the red wall lol. I immediately started looking around and taking everything in. So it's not like a normal restaurant, seating is first available {but I'm sure this changes on Friday and Saturday}. I walked to the register where two ladies in front of me where ordering food. Once they were finished I requested the wine tasting for one. The cost was actually $5.00 but keep reading and see how everything was free lol...

I found a cute little table for me and Ashley the wine manager came over to introduce herself. She was very pleasant and provided me with a sheet of the 5 wines that I would be sampling. I didn't know it would be five! But I was ready!!! LoL! You scale the wine 1-10...ten being the best, as she mentioned this helps her prepare for  wine selections to offer in the store. They like to base their selections on their customers picks... I love that! 

Wine number one was a Chardonnay though I scored it a 7 it was in my top 3. Very good! Out of the five wines she only provided 1 White during this tasting which was fine with me because I'm more of a red girl! My favorite red was the Pinot Nior then the Merlot, after that I wasn't too much of a fan of the last two.

Ashely shared with me that one way of knowing the age of your wine is by looking at the color. She did this by tilting the glass and leaning the wine into the light one the white sheet of paper. This showed the burgundy tones in the wine. Very wise I must say!

Once I was finish tasting she provided me with a $5 gift card. The same $5.00 I paid to taste the wine I received back in a gift card to come back and enjoy more win... who's winning? I'M WINNING!