Scottsdale used to bill itself decades ago as Western Town USA, or Cowboy Town USA or something like that, to convey a clean, wholesome, western spirit to itself, and bring in tourists to see it's, well, Western-ness. 

Not surprisingly, Scottsdale was built, grew, and expanded on old ranch lands, and the names of them are still in the buildings and developments off Scottsdale Road. 

McCormick Ranch....
Gainey Ranch.....
Noodles Ranch......

Wait a minute Noodles Ranch?
Huh? 
Have you lost your Noodle?

No, actually, I found it!
At Noodles Ranch, off Scottsdale Road! 

This Vietnamese restaurant has been here for 6 years, not long after I left the Valley of the Sun in 2004 back to California. If it was here back when i was, I would have been a regular! 

Unlike the divey Viet diners of San Jose or Westminster, where decor is dominated by plain tables and standard issue stackable red chairs, and service is by a grumpy old Viet dude who doesn't speak English or smile, Noodles Ranch is perfect for Snotsdale, er Scottsdale.

It has a very pleasant decor of painted walls, tasteful artistic symbols of Vietnam artwork, large red, hanging upside down paper umbrellas,  4 cooling ceiling fans, a decorated cashier counter in front of the kitchen, and better quality table and chairs than their Little Saigon counterparts. 

Scottsdale prefers looks  over substance, so it likes nice decor in favor of good food, as exampled by the many large, formula restaurants with million dollar decors but mediocre food. And remember, PF Chang's, that popular faux Chinese chain, the epitome of Decor upstaging Taste, was started right here in the Valley  of the Sun. 

So seeing the tasteful decor, and seeing all the non-Vietnamese in the restaurant, kept my expectations very low on the food taste-o-meter. 

But I was pleasantly surprised! 

Now I lost count, but this is close to the 100th different Vietnamese restaurant i have eaten in all over the country in the past 4 years! 
(see my Wanugee! lists for Pho and Vietnamese for details.)
So I have tasted good and bad and everything in between. And granted, I was starving from not eating all day, and here it is 7:00pm. 

But when I ordered Cha Gio (egg rolls), the 6 little crispy rolls came out beautifully plated on a large, quality made and decorative platter, and unlike most orders for this in those dives, which usually come out on a plain little white saucer plate by themselves, here, they were accompanied by several large leaves of romaine lettuce, pickled and julienned slices of cucumber and carrots, sprouts, basil leaves, cilantro and of course Nuoc Mam (fish sauce) to dip them. 

Now most of the customers in here at the time would have dipped the rolls into the sauce, and probably poured the leftover sauce over the veggies, mixed them, and eaten them like a salad. If this were PF Changs, that is what they probably would suggest. 

But I took the leafy lettuce, put an egg roll on top of it, and sampled the veggie ingredients on top of that, rolled up the lettuce, and dipped all of that fresh tasty goodness into the Nuoc Mam. This is much like how you might eat many other Vietnamese dishes in a Vietnamese restaurant, be it Nem Nuong, Banh Xeo, or even parts of Bo Bay Mon. 

So I was impressed and happy with the refreshing mix of fresh veggies, crispy rolls and tasty fish sauce exploding into my mouth! Loved it!

So I figured that was for show, however, to impress the Low Fan (outsiders) with a $5.95 fancy appetizer, with Scottsdale pizzazz. 

Mais, au contraire mon frere! 

The Pho Tai Nam ($7.50) I ordered was very good! I always try the broth first, and this broth had a very rich, complex flavor! Perhaps a little sweet for the Low Fan, but very beefy, savory, and not too mucked up with masking ingredients to distract from the true flavor. The meat pieces were whole and higher quality than most I have had, with good tenderness. I had to ask for the separate condiment dish, where I mix the half Hoisin and half Sriracha, to dip my meat into, so as not to destroy the flavor of the broth. 

I was smiling after this meal! I even called up my Viet friend in San Jose, who could tell I was smiling over the phone, which they usually only notice after I have had good, authentic Japanese sushi or tasty and cheap KBBQ!

I would recommend this place highly! It is a little more expensive than those $5.50 bowl dives on the coast, but the decor and quality of food, and the service from the owner, all combine to make a quality experience. 

They offer all the usual Viet diner foods, like Goi Du Du, Goi Cuon, Mi, Com, Bun, Bun Bo Hue, etc. They also offer two of my faves I will have to try another time, Banh Xeo (crispy pancake) and Canh Chua (sweet-sour lemongrass soup).  

So this is perfect for Scottsdale, with the nice decor, but with the added bonus of tasty, quality food! They even play smooth jazz, something you would find in another Scottsdale staple - the SPA!