OMG! I am still full from pigging out on pizza, wine, and more pizza. If you left that place hungry after this event then that was your own fault because the food was endless!! Endless!!!!  See The AZWinebats and Grazie were hosting a wine event that was only $20 for 8 wine tastings and endless amounts of pizza and salads.

I started off with a free sampling of the Bruschetta Salsiccia, which was Italian Fennel Sausage with Melted Provolone Bruschetta YUM! I then had another bruchetta that was a cream cheese base with some sweet carmelized onions, red peppers, and seasonings which was equally as good as the Bruschetta Salsiccia. From there I moved on to the fabulous pizza that varied from the Margherita, Vegetariana, Americana, and Toscana. With all that pizza plus the yummy salads that they had to choose from where were the Emiliana and the Cesar, see now you realize why I am still full. I pigged out like there was no tomorrow. The Vegetariana won me over because of the sweet carmelized onions. Double yum!

The wine tasting was pretty good with my favorite being the one from Bigi called the Orvieto Amabile. It was a sweet white wine and that is just how I like my white wines. My next favorite was the Rosso di Podernovo from Castello Dell Regine and rounding it out with the Sangiovese Riserva from Umbeito Cesari being my favorite red and was also the last one on the list. The one that I did not like was the Brut Rose from Hello Kitty. Not a favorite but hey you can't like them all now can you?

My favorite part of the day was the fact that my friend Mark T. surprised me by coming to this event. Especially since he lives way in the middle of BFE!! LOL sorry Mark. But seriously, it was a great surprise and I was so very happy that he was there. Mark you rock!!

The owner was fantabulous, the staff were fantabulous, the food was fantabulous, the company was AMAZING!!! (thank you again Mark)What can I say, I am a happy and very full woman. (hmm pizza and wine drool....)

PS! The next event is Feb 28, so if you are in the area, by all means check it out. For $20, you can't beat it!