When I received an email talking about the 2016 Bizzie Awards, I had no idea such a thing existed.  When they mentioned the Jefe's Taco Shop (JTS) was a recipient of such an award, I  had no idea Jefe's existed.  After reading several of the reviews and eyeballing some of the photos, I knew I would have to pay JTS a visit.  BOOKMARKED.  Thank you yelp and fellow yelpers!

JTS is located inside a gas station on the corner of Tenaya & Sky Pointe.  It seemed an odd sort of business relationship after walking through the doors.  I scanned the surrounding prior to walking to make a purchase and observed the happenings.  Most arrangements like this serve some typed of process trash but Jefe's certainly did not appear to doing that.  The quarters are small and tight, but I would later find that the heart of JTS is wide open, kind, and tasty.

It was a Saturday night if memory serves.  My arrival was just sort of the dinner rush.  The nice lady at the register took my order which consisted of a cheese quesadilla and Jefe's burrito.  JTS also has a program where on your birthday, they will feed you for free.  I enrolled.  Hopefully, it does not fall on a Sunday or Monday because JTS would be closed.  I checked in on my handy and dandy yelp app and received a complimentary drink.  I chose a horchata to compliment my meal.  I was advised the horchata was at the tail of the current batches existence.  JTS makes it fresh and I was informed a new batch was forth coming.  I took what was left enjoying and sort of enjoyed a liquid version of the cinnamon challenge.  But it's not the horchata I want to write about.  It's the food and the very pleasant and personal experience.

Ben was working behind the counter and engaged me in witty banter.  Seems we are from the same neck of the woods in a San Diego County sort of sense.  Full of smiles and stories, I sat back and watched him engage every customer that came through, be they new or a regular.

When my meal arrived, I had secured a seat at one the small tables just in front of the counter.  The customers kept coming and decided to punch out.  Thought about just sitting on my truck bed but opted to just head home.  But not before exchanging pleasantries with the lady and Ben before I left.

I will forgo my review of the quesadilla.  Unless it's cold, there is no such thing as a bad one.  But on that note, if you want a regular cheese quesadilla, it's huge and you are presented with several cheese options.  I like cheddar.  Maybe it's not authentic, but it's how my Abuelita used to make it.

The Jefe burrito was 12,000 calories of pure surf, turf, and cluck joy!  Just north of ten bucks, it's shrimp, carne asada, and chicken awesomeness.  It comes with pico, guacamole, sour cream, and I added cheese.  These amazing ingredients were swaddled in what JTS describes as a 16" real flour, "San Diego" tortilla.  And....get this....it's made with lard.  The way a damn tortilla should be made.  My eyes rolled back in my head like a great white shark with every bite.  Each bite was complimented with a dousing of JTS's wonderful red hot sauce.

Since my visit, I think of JTS everyday.  I could easily visit everyday.  The only reason I don't is because I don't want to weigh 400 lbs.  But trust you, me.......I will return...and I will bring others to share in the experience!