Jalapeno margarita + kick ass salsa = one happy Nikki.

I have always loved the food here, but the service has pushed this from 4 stars to 5 stars.

Let's begin with research I did a few weeks ago for the Weekly Yelp. For my Yelp Flips The Bird issue, I called on a super busy night. The nice young girl on the phone answered all my odd questions (I never told her who I was or why I was asking all these questions). So nice... so helpful. 

This past weekend, I took my buddy Steve to bust his Paco's Tacos cherry. The bartender was our server. She was fantastic. Super friendly, so good at her job. She knew the menu by heart. And when she got tied up with to-go orders at the bar, another nice girl jumped right in to bring us boxes and the check. During the meal, the manager walked over to ask how our lunch was. I wish all restaurants did this. It's such a simple gesture, but it really does go a long way.

Okay now to the food!

Chips and salsa: I love the salsa here. Perfect combination of spice and flavor... plus the chips are so light and fresh. I could easily crush multiple orders by myself.

Firestarter margarita: Jalapeño infused tequila, fresh lime juice and ginger beer. Great heat. The ginger beer gives it a very unique flavor... unlike any other jalapeno margarita I've had. 

Paco's Taco: Brisket, caramelized onions and chipotle bbq sauce. The brisket full of flavor and piled high. 

Turkey Club Carnitas: slow cooked shredded turkey, sliced avocado, shredded iceberg, jalapeno bacon, tomato and avocado ranch. The Yelp family was right once again. Wow, this is a great taco.

Charro beans: Don't get me wrong, I like black beans.... but I have to go with charro every time for my side. 

Fajitas: Nothing beats the smell of the sizzling plate as it comes out... making all other people jealous that they didn't order it. Huge portion size and a giant plate of fresh toppings. This easily made for two meals. 

I'm a huge fan of this place... and now so is my buddy Steve. He was super impressed by his first visit. 

Cheers Paco's! :)