First off, I would like to say that Desyree Alberganti, the creative chef and the owner of Art of Flavors is a genius!  I mean to know one's own art and taste and flavor and how to combine them into the extraordinary desserts / gelatos that she creates is really more about passion and knowledge, mixed with experience and being at one with your creations.

a. We got here at 1:00 because we were making this a destination visit and did not want to have issues with parking or waiting too long.  They open at 1:00 on Sundays.

b.  Desyree greeted us and saw our wide eyed excitement, so she kindly asked us if this was our first time.  We were already entranced by the works of art known as gelato in her display case.  This is no regular gelato place. This is not the gelato you find being served by servers. This is gelato that are creations into themselves and you are part of the experience.

c.  The Gelato - I am not going to even start to spell or type the names of all the flavors that there were.  The apple jack was creative.  Yes, bits of apple jack mixed into a creamy topping over the gelato.  Amazing how the gelato did not overpower the apple jack taste at all. Brought back great memories of being a kid.  The key lime was absolutely top notch and I would choose this over key lime pie any day.  I used to have Key Lime pie flown in from Florida to Paris for events, and let me tell you, this gelato was the top.  There was hazelnut, almonds, pistachio, strawberry with thyme, berry flavors , cookies and creme, and more.  I cannot put in words how great this stuff looked. Seriously, I have no idea the calories of this stuff, but I would skip lunch anyway, and trap a tablespoon (or larger) and just have a field day in her display cabins.  

d.  The experience - I mean, we are talking about pride here. this is about quality, about a vision, a desire and a passion for being the best. I enjoy being part of this and having experiences what so many yelpers have wrote about.

Thanks fellow yelpers Rod U, Tony T, Norm K, Nelson Q, for all the comments. Not sure how I will have as many checkins as some of you, but I am so glad to have checked out this place......


GK says TAKE ACTION NOW and get over to this place.