Monty has been going on and on about this place for about a month now... so we finally made it there for lunch today.  I'm not a philly cheese steak fan and he wasn't feeling naughty enough to eat one either so we decided to be good and share an Italian hoagie (comes 8 - $5.50 or 12 - $8.50 inch)... he'd been building this place up so I was expecting really good stuff... and they delivered!  I can't say I'm all that surprised cuz he and I have similar taste and really, all we do all day is discuss food, making it, eating it, watching it on TV... anything about food!  

So back to the hoagie... I was about to say that I'm not really a sub/hoagie/sammie girl, but apparently I am changing my ways!  This thing was fucking delicious!  Loads and loads of cotto & genoa salami,Italian ham, two Italian cheeses, piled high on a soft Italian roll with lettuce, tomato, onions, special oils and spices.  The bread was... god, I don't know, just.... well, it made me want to make out with that sandwich!  LOL... but really, I love bread and for me this usually makes or breaks a sandwich.  So obviously the bread was damn good... the meat... sooooooo fresh and tasty and thinly sliced.  Generous, but not too meaty... not meaty to the point of making me feel like a big oaf after when I was done :o)

Kay... what else, what else.... OH!  the fries $1.99... they were hot and fresh and seasoned, cuz, well, we ordered the seasoned ones.  Theyre the old school wedges.  They also have regular ones $1.69... I'll get them tomorrow... yes... I'm going back tomorrow... probably... hopefully.

OMG I'm rambling.. sorry.

One last thing:  Its Italian owned and operated.  That NEVER hurts in my book.  They're fast, friendly and it feels like they really want your business... they even say thank you and good bye and all that nice stuff - AND it even sounds sincere!  I know right!

So... go there and and try it... you won't be dissapointed!  And if you are - well whatever, I guess you're too fucking picky!  

Kay, I'll shut up now.