Being able to talk to the owners and found that they have a very innovative mindset and love bold flavors. Form their menu and from tasting their dishes, they love to experiment and they really love bold flavors. They told me they inherited an old rotating pizza oven where they braise their meat for hours making their meat have the right amount of crunch and the right amount of soft, gelatinously flavor.

I tried 4 dishes while there. The standard pho, one of the Asian fusion burritos, their plantain chips, and while chatting with the owner, convinced him to have me try one of his awesome tacos.

Here's a description of what I ate.

Pho with Pork - In Northern California, I've noticed that no matter where I go, all of the pho tastes the same. It's like there's a standard idea of what pho is and the Vietnamese mafia controls it.  Outside of very Asian dense populations, pho starts to variate and it becomes either decent, or horrible. I know, it's blasphemous to put any protein besides beef in pho but this isn't supposed to be authentic, I told them what was the best combo to get and this was my response.

Pho King has good pho but it is not like regular Vietnamese pho and that's ok. I feel the broth is a bit thicker and richer but the drawback is that it's a bit salty in my taste. I guess you can say you get more bang for your buck for the soup. Other than that, this is a hearty bowl of noodles. The little greens they serve have thai basil, jalapenos, bean sprouts, lime and a new garnish I've never seen before: red cabbage. However, the cabbage actually gives the final dish a very nice purple color and contrasts very well with the green, brown and white.

Burrito Phorrito- This restaurant has two burritos that are based off of popular Vietnamese dishes: Banh Mi and Phorrito. I took the latter which involves stir fried vegetables, pickled vegetables, melted cheese, your meat of choice (I chose brisket) and rice wrapped in a flour tortilla. This was a very satisfying burrito and you get all sorts of crazy flavors (sour, salty, meaty, umami, pickled, refreshing) and texture (cheesy, fork-tender, rustic, fatty,) combinations. I noticed that the burrito has yellow pickled cauliflower. This stuff reminds me a lot of daikon radishes, which adds another layer of complexity to the burrito.

My only suggestion I would suggest in this burrito is cut the meat smaller as I got really big chunks in mine and I feel it would be more beneficial cutting it into cubes.

Plantains with Spicy Mango Sauce - Deep fried plantain chips served with a spicy mango sauce. To be honest, eating them separately was alright, but when you combine the two, the flavors mesh extremely well. Again, you have such contrasting textures and flavors between the crunchy, sweet plantains and the spicy, sweet and creamy mango sauce. These are a great party snack appetizers to buy for your table and the presentation's pretty nice. It's in a nice little queso dish.

Taco with Pork shoulder and pickled green apple toppings - After conversing with the owner for a little bit, I told him about this blog, and how I'm really in to food. He went into the kitchen and pulled out a glorious taco for me to try. The great thing about tacos is that good ones are simple and you can really appreciate the flavors when it comes to eating a taco. The meat had a perfectly seasoned crunch and soft, tender flesh and the pickeled apples on top complements the pork (the old combo pork chops and apples sauce resonated here). 

If you like the food truck, you'll love the brick-and-mortar because they have all of your favorite foods, better silverware, free water and of course, alcohol (not free).

I find the items on the menu very creative and very bold in flavor. If you're adventurous and love Asian fusion food, I would recommend this place.