Over the years I've wished that GVR would get more restaurants since the location is so convenient and finally it's happening. Bottiglia isn't just a restaurant, it's a great restaurant. 

Reservations seem to be a must. Our first attempt to come here was without a reservation and they were booked for the entire evening. This time I made a reservation on Open Table for a 6:00 dinner. The restaurant was pretty full this time as well.

The restaurant is bright and cheery. It's much more open than the last Italian restaurant that was in this spot. The restaurant is beautifully decorating and very inviting. Next to the hostess stand there are couches for lounge seating, a large bar, tables, booths, and two outdoor patios with seating. In the back there is a private room that can seat a large group. 

We were brought the bread board to start. The parmesan crisp and olive bread were my favorite. The lemon honey butter served with the bread was delicious. The presentation of the bread was nice. I ordered a Red Sangria which had a nice flavor and wasn't overly sweet. It was a measly portion for $12 so I'd pass on this next time. 

Before our meal we shared a Caesar Salad and Meatballs. The Caesar Salad dressing tasted homemade. The meatballs were good, but could have used some more seasoning and the marinara sauce was well flavored. I liked the fresh mozzarella with the meatballs. 

For dinner I ordered Chicken Parmesan and my husband ordered Short Rib Cavatelli. The Chicken Parmesan was delicious and tender enough to cut with a fork. The sauce was delicious and the cheese on top was the perfect amount. My husband's Short Rib Cavatelli was delicious as well. The sauce on it was great and the short rib was in large, tender pieces in the pasta. I loved the whipped lemon ricotta in the dish which sent it over the top. My husband and I ordered one pasta dish and one meat dish on purpose so that we could share with each other since the chicken doesn't come with any sides. Sides can be ordered a la carte, but given the size of entrees that would be an excessive amount of food.

Dessert is a must here. When I first looked at the dessert menu I was not that intrigued by any one item, but I'm not one to pass on dessert. The Dessert Sampler seemed like a good item for my husband and I to share so we went with that option. Everything on the sampler was amazing and it was a very good deal for the amount of dessert. The Tiramisu was one of best I've ever had with a lovely flavor. The Strawberry Limoncello Pannacotta was the best item with plenty of lemon zest, strawberries, and a to do for strawberry compote. The donuts were light and perfectly textured with a nice lemon curd. As if that wasn't enough there were two delicious chocolate dipped shortbread cookies. Everything on the plate was a great dessert.

The thing that most worried me about trying this restaurant was the service. We've had terrible experiences with service at Hank's and we were worried that it was a GVR curse. Not at all. Our waiter was attentive, water glasses were continuously filled, and all of our food came out in a well timed manner. Our waiter did get more tables as were wrapping up so it took a little time to get our check, but he apologized without us saying anything. So, based on our experience I don't have any concerns about the service.

There is only one thing that detracted from the experience for me and it will be a deal breaker if it wasn't a one-off. Nobody else has mentioned it so hopefully it was a one-off. When we first arrived the music was at a reasonable volume. About 30 minutes later they turned it up so loud that my husband and I were screaming to talk to each other. When the live musician arrived it didn't get any better. This restaurant just doesn't seem like the proper venue for music that loud.

Overall, I absolutely loved the food, service, and design of the restaurant.