This place is so new that when my friend suggested we go there for lunch, I had never even heard of it.  Fortunately, always up for something new, I agreed to go and I think I found a new favorite lunch spot downtown!  Bluebird Kitchen is located just around the corner of market square, next to Chipotle, and really sticks out as an original, non-chain, clean and cute bakery/eatery.  The inside is a gorgeous open space and very clean.  Their lunch menu is made up of an extensive selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and various sides.  (I didn't see the breakfast menu, but was informed they will start serving it tomorrow.)  In addition to lunch and breakfast, they had an array of delicious looking desserts.  The best part about Bluebird Kitchen is that everything is homemade daily, which is so refreshing.  

For my lunch I got the Cuban sandwich and a cup of gazpacho.  My sandwich, served warm, was to die for!!  I could eat this sandwich for every meal and be a happy girl, except now I'm too intrigued and want to try everything else.  I did try to order the chicken salad sandwich at first, but they were all out of chicken salad.  (I went for a late lunch and they said this was a best seller - obviously I will be back to try it asap.)  My gazpacho was refreshing - I prefer a little more spice in mine, but I'm sure it's a bit different every day since it's made fresh.  

As my friend and I were waiting for out food to be made, the owner, Liz (I think,) came to chat with us and was super friendly and genuinely interested in what we ordered.  She even offered me a free dessert while we waited!  (She clearly knew the way to my heart.)  I thought she just meant a free sample, but she gave me a whole gigantic cookie sandwich!  I'd be lying if I said this didn't make my day, maybe even week. :)  I got the chocolate cookie sandwich with pistachio filling.  Honestly, every dessert looked marvelous but I have a soft spot for pistachio desserts.  Like everything else, this cookie sandwich was excellent and I wish I could eat a dozen of them at once.

My only suggestion would be that they put some chairs or seating in the space.  There are bar tops along two walls that some people were eating at standing up, but the space is definitely big enough to put in some small tables/chairs or at least stools at the bar tops.  My friend and I had planned to eat outside so this didn't affect us - it would just be a nice option.  

I will be recommending this place to everyone I know - I even grabbed some menus to put in my office.  I really hope the best for this place and think we need more unique eateries like this downtown.  I can't wait to go back and slowly, but surely, try the rest of the menu!