Open 24/7 for all menu items, breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts and more!

I have not dined at Peppermill in 14 years, it was time to get my ass back to check it out to see if it was just as good as I had remembered! I live in Las Vegas so I can and will be able to enjoy this Restaurant on a regular basis now. 

This Restaurant Rocks! A total Gem in Las Vegas as there is no place like it!

The prices are fair considering the large portion of food you get. You are guaranteed to walk out stuffed so be hungry!

The scoop on what we got!

*All omelets are served with hash browns AND your choice of toast, english muffin, blueberry muffin, bran muffin or toasted bagel with cream cheese. 

Her-
Denver Omelet, 7 eggs at least, full of fresh diced ham, bell pepper and onion served with hashed browns, and choice of bread so I opted for a bagel with cream cheese. Even their own menu says "Huge omelets" and they are not joking! I was defeated for the first time in history in having to leave 1/3 of my omelet behind as that is a first! My omelet was cooked to perfection and so tasty, my tastebuds creamed in my mouth this meal was soooo good! $11.95

*Whole sandwiches served with choice of potato salad, french fries, cottage cheese, onion rings or fruit cup. Sweet potato fries for $1.00 more. I think it is awesome they don't charge more for onion rings like most places do!

Him-
Conquest sandwich w/onion rings. Combination of roast beef, cheddar cheese, tomato, sauteed peppers, onions, mushrooms, thousand island dressing and bacon served on a grilled Parmesan sourdough. $12.95

Added salad for $2.95 and they have the best homemade ranch dressing I have ever had. I could drink a cup of it as it is that good!

Added side of potato salad. $3.95

Refills on our iced tea and soda were plentiful!

During our meal a guy came over to our table and took a complimentary photo of us! A free 4x6 photo souvenir is a really nice touch as the photo was printed with the Peppermill background, soooo cute! 

We had a blast eating here, it was just a really fun experience all together! It looks like a night club on the inside, really fun!

The Interior is dark and cozy! The service was good as well, they do take care of you!

We will be back very soon! Can't wait!

I am so happy I am a Vegas local who can enjoy this restaurant whenever I want!

It was just as good as I remembered when I ate here 14 years ago with my family during our visit to Las Vegas. This was my boyfriend's first time eating here and he truly enjoyed his food and experience!