Français après 

I mean to restore a little bit of justice with the average of really bad review they received. Do i personnally think it's worth 3 stars? Nah impossible. 4 is more honnest. The issue I have with reviews is one thing only: People tend to compare to the real thing but I never based it on that. 2 reasons: North American taste and market is by itselt a different sushi tradition. Based on that, the decor of that restaurant is really good. They offer generous portion with good consistency. As for Sauce comment on previous reviews, they are very alright and saved on THE SIDE!  They serve the typical sushi-bar stuff card and the service is great and quick. No complaint on that. The wine list is OK nothing to be wowed about but hey it's a sushi bar. So overall, 20-25 pieces there is A LOTTT. 30 pieces for 2 and we we're increadibly full. 150$ for 2 with one bottle of wine. Not the cheapest option but the portion on the generous side and the consistency of well done sushi meets any standard for what is considered in Montreal a good sushi bar. But I'm a white dude that haven't been in Asia or West Coast of North america (where asian food of all type is known to be up to asian standards). 

Je dois restoré le tord fait à la côte de ce sushi bar qui pour moi souffre de mauvaises critiques pour 2 raisons: Les standards américains de nourriture asiatique sont généralement différent que ceux de la côte ouest nord-américaine et de l'Asie. Le fait est qu'a Montréal, on a souvent des puristes qui frappe fort en mettant des mauvaises notes sur les restaurant d'ici. Enfin le fait est que c'est un sushi bar avec des portions très généreuse et une bonne consistance dans la préparation. Je dois dire que le décor de l'extérieur déçoit et celui de l'intérieur est vraiment très bien (surtout pour un restaurant du west island de montréal). Je dois dire que normalement quand je sors dans un sushi-bar, je consomme 20-25 portions mais cette fois-ci, 30 portions à 2 c'était vraiment assez. La liste des vins est Ok mais sans plus, sans non plus être pathétique et le service est amical, rapide et pas du tout agressant. Enfin, le fait est que je ne peux croire que la clientèle locale ne mettra pas une bonne note pour cela car l'Ouest de Montréal est rempli de place qui sont vraiment bof et de franchises qui une fois de plus nous servent des trucs standards, voir ordinaire. Maiko sort du cadre et est très bien.