NOTE: I've only visited the JMS's location at FLW/101, but they HAVE to be all the same, right?!?

To give you a little back story, my BFF is a legit Jimmy John's fan. And, I am not (anymore). Ever. In order to convince my friend of the extra drive to the closest Jersey Mike's and what they do to their various sandwiches, and how you can see them slice meat/cheese for your sandwich, I had prepared a stellar PowerPoint presentation including an essay (which I narrated) on why this would be good for her.

BFF (stubborn, mind you) finally relented and weakly mumbled that she'd at least try Jersey Mikes, blah blah... *VICTORY*!!! **NOTE: No presentation, speech, etc was a part of my convincing - it did cross my mind though.

Since I obtained that challenging "buy-in" from bestie, I prayed to all entities that this location would be similar to my beloved N Scottsdale location. If this joint didn't deliver greatness, it would just be a bowl full of dick soup. And, no one wants that... do they?

We park and enter the establishment in wrinkled sweats/hoodie/10-year old Uggs with holes around toes (my attire) and bestie with PJ bottoms/tank top (hers) and a general "don't mess with me - it's been a long night" scowl across her head. No one even put makeup on. I can't recall if even a brush was run through my head. Prob... not. I did brush my teeth though! Hmmm, if not, at least I had gum that I was masticating and swirling around...

I assertively started ordering my #13 (Original Italian) and yelped out that for damn sure I wanted it "Jersey Mike style"!

My BFF was a tiny skittish and indecisive with her selections and candidates. To help, a male server offered and fed her some exotic meat. The meat was good but had a kick. We were making progress...

After hemming and hawing, intertwined w/my schticky jokes and my friend's, and then the male server's fun time talk, a sandwich had been selected! BFF took the plunge and did it MIkey's way too! I praised her and promised she would never look back. :)

The server (probably low 20's) was very effervescent and flirty. It was contagious. He got a kick out of us so he threw free cookies at us, as if we were 3 years old with chubby cheeks and dimples. I didn't care, I scooped up the bootie and bid him adieu! Well done - be back!!!

Note- bestie dug her Sammy and suggested we go back to see cutsie server so she can throw some game down. Now, that's a success!!