I've never been even remotely let down by Monty's.  Is it busy a lot?  Yes.  Are you probably going to have to wait 30 minutes to sit down?  Yes.  Is the service slow because it's so busy?  Yes.  I've never been under the impression that the service is slow because they're incompetent, but just because they're busy.  Besides that, I've never noticed it being *especially* slow... just kind of slow, which doesn't really bother me.

Let me take a moment here to recommend the Meatloaf Sandwich: Get it served cold.  Just trust me here.  Do not get it hot.  I've had it served both ways: Cold, it is a sandwich so delicious that fireworks go off in your head; Warm, it is an open-faced abomination with gravy and mashed potatoes poured all over it.

Their cheeseburger was surprisingly good (I'd even go so far to say that it's one of the best burgers I've had in Madison).  They had a special entree one evening, "Cheeseburger Mac & Cheese," which was out of this world.  It really tasted like a cheeseburger over noodles!  They serve a great chef salad, have awesome spicy waffle fries, and I would die 100 times over for the buttermilk biscuits they serve with breakfast.  Their expansive dessert case is as tasty as it is impressive looking.

I was beyond sold on this place one time when I ordered a piece of german chocolate cake for dessert.  It wasn't a piece so much as it was a towering slab.  It was so tall, in fact, that it wasn't until I'd eaten enough of it that I noticed that the waiter (who was wearing a mohawk and kilt) had written, "Das ist Deutsch" in chocolate on the plate.  

I've had questionable service twice: Once was when I reserved a pie for a dinner I was going to and they did not have it when I got there, but tried to placate me by selling me a larger, more expensive pie.  That was after I approached the counter and saw several staff members stare at me for 20 minutes before I was finally helped.  The other time was when I was there for coffee and dessert with friends, and we paid with a card.  The waiter told us, upon picking up the card, "You know, if you can, you should really give me my tip in cash.  We don't see it on our paychecks for another 2 weeks otherwise."  Um...thanks for the advice on how we should tip you.  How about we don't tip you at all?

But those two experiences aside, nothing has been able to lessen my love of Monty's and all its glory.