Nutella, Goat Cheese & Fig and Maple Bacon Macarons? Oh man,Gimme Some Sugar!  What's pretty unique about GSS Bake Shoppe, there is also a wine bar,craft beer, and hot chocolate to complement the sweet treats.  It now has expanded their business to include a bake shop right next door to their studio where they make their cake creations. 
 
Plus open til 12am Friday and Saturday?  Yes,that's what Ashley the owner confirmed. They are open late evenings...till 10pm!
 
There's a cold case display full of mini cakes, cheesecakes,Tiramisu and other desserts. From what I remember, the countertop case has macarons, cookies, cake pops,cupcakes. You know I got macarons!  Love the variety here. My picks:

Maple Bacon ....Nutella......Candy Cane

Outer shell had a delicate crisp, inside was airy soft, and they nailed it on flavor in all the fillings.  Especially the Maple Bacon. Love the combo of savory bacon filling and sweet candied bacon crumbs.  The nutella was topped with crushed hazelnuts and drizzled with Nutella with Nutella filling. The Candy Cane one was a treat too! Partly dipped with chocolate with crushed candy canes and a peppermint filling. All three I would so order again. For the quality and portion you get, $3-4 a macacon is pretty reasonable to me.

Chocolate Chip Cookies! - I was told they bake them to order! How about that for a late night treat? Warm just out of the oven cookies!
 
My hot chocolate was divine as well. Also you can help yourself to complimentary chilled water housed in a glass jug.
 

The shop is a nice size for a bake shop. It has a modern Parisian flair to it. There are several tables, including a long table perfect for groups and families. Two separate sitting areas where you can just chill, socialize too. Ashley said part of the seating is temporary and they will be bringing in more furniture.

Great concept with the wine bar and late hours. Im loving this transformation of this place! The 24hr gym is just a few doors down so I can burn off the calories. How sweet is that! Just dont drink and go spinning. #ShopSmall #ShopLocal