I have to start this review by letting everyone know how excited I am that a Moe's opened in Las Vegas! I'm from the east coast where they have quite a few Moe's! I used to eat there faithfully. So when I found out about this particular opening, I was thrilled. 

I have been ordering a to go lunch every single Saturday since it has opened! And have not once been disappointed by the food. I love the many options that you can pick from, nachos, bowls, burritos, salads, quesadillas, tacos and even something called a stack! I always end up ordering the vegetable band camp burrito bowl. I like the funky names for each option. 

In my amazing band camp bowl, I always get extra rice, lots of grilled green peppers and onions, corn, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, pickled and fresh jalapeños (A+ for having both!) and the famous queso dip on the side! I tried a sample of the black and pinto beans! I think next time I order a veggie bowl, I will add pinto beans for something different! 

I love that Moe's is so vegetarian and vegan friendly!!! Both pinto and black beans are vegetarian, they offer tofu for a little extra cost, and they use vegetarian cheeses and sour cream! The guacamole DOES NOT cost extra! :) They give you a free bag of chips too with your to go order and a variety of salsas are set out for you to take! 

My experience this particular Saturday 11/01/14 was the best so far! The new girl starting the line was friendly and listened to what I wanted. The guy on the grille was explaining to me how they make a stacks order and kept all of the bins of veggie and meat options full. He was talkative and kind. The girl finishing the line was also friendly and I have seen her every Saturday along with the two boys at the end doing chips and cash register. I left with a smile on my face and I couldn't wait to get home and open my Moe's bag of goodness! 

I had one unpleasant experience and one a step above that, but the food at Moe's makes me want to return! In the hopes that the gentleman with the huge bouncy hair isn't working the grille on Saturday. BOTH times he was there they were out of peppers and/or onions. I'm a patient person so it doesn't bother me that bad. What bothers me was coming in the line, letting the girl know I want extra peppers and onions when they are completely empty of peppers, her letting the guy on the grille know, and him still not making it 10 minutes later. He was just goofing off and yelling at the girls to be quite and he's making it "blah blah". I just stood there, waiting. Finally after about 15 minutes they had peppers to put on my bowl! Woohoo! Like I said....the food is yum.

All in all, I love you Moe's. I will see you every Saturday for our lunch date! :) And I will need to try this "Stacks" thing soon!