Last on my agenda for Restaurant Week was Fu at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Lovely to look at outside the red footbridge that leads inside, I also found this restaurant to serve colorful and very tasty Cantonese food in a relaxed setting.  Diane and I were seated on a comfortable banquette and a Chinese-themed chair behind a black lacquered table.

This was our best bargain of RW, because for $30.13 the first course for each person included an Asian Tapas Sampler that consisted of a Steamed Shrimp Dumpling with Chili Aioli, Pan Fried Pork Potsticker, and a Spicy Wonton; the second course a choice of Wok Seared Salmon with Ginger Basil Sauce, Grilled BBQ Korean Short Ribs, or Honey Walnut Shrimp with Lemon Aioli; and the third course a Dessert Trio of Chocolate Ganache, Lemongrass Gelee with Coconut Tapioca, and Lychee Mochi Ice Cream.  None of the appetizers or desserts could be ordered in such combinations off the regular menu except to pay for each item separately.

The potsticker was excellent with Ginger Sauce.  I didn't find the wonton to be spicy at all.  And, I quickly gobbled up the delicious steamed dumpling.  Since I was very hungry and wanted to thoroughly check this place out, plus present a more comprehensive review, I also ordered a bowl of Spicy Chicken Hot & Sour Soup, which was nicely hot and spicy as billed, with morsels of chicken, bamboo shoots, Wood Ear Mushrooms, Green Onions, and Black and Glass Noodles--a fairly mild but still spicy, good-sized serving for one diner.

Lucky for me, Diane had a Hard Rock Hotel BOGO coupon for Fu from the night before when we had become introduced to Culinary Dropout, so besides two entrees of Honey Walnut Shrimp, we were also presented with our ordered choice of Kung Pao Chicken.  Diane got her Walnut Shrimp devegetablized but I enjoyed the cool cucumber slices that served to offset the warm and large battered shrimps.  The Lemon Aioli on this dish was subtle, the shrimps were succulent, and the candied walnuts were neatly covered with sesame seeds.  This entree was quite large in size.

Indeed, there is no noticeable portion control in operation here.  The Kung Pao Chicken that was plunked before me on a platter was easily enough to serve two (even though I ate two entrees by myself).  But I'm a big boy with a big appetite!  LOL!  This was dead-ahead Cantonese Kung Pao Chicken just mildly spicy with slices of Red and Green Bell Pepper, mostly whole peanuts, and no visible Chili Peppers.  The spice emanated from the Brown Sauce in which the large tender hunks of chicken and other ingredients were bathed.  No filler like celery was present, and no fat clung to the top-tier chicken.

In the assemblage of desserts, the tapioca tasted lemony, and the mochi resembled the flavor of vanilla.  The Chocolate Ganache with chocolate rabbit ears on top, and cake underneath, was fabulous.  Even the smooth and hot Jasmine Mist Organic Tea was great!  And, refilled ceramic pots just kept on coming for the extensive duration of our dinner.  The meal lasted long because I was barely able to finish all of the fine Cantonese food laid out before me.  But eventually I did!

Thumping music added to the otherwise serene ambiance.  And, service was friendly and excellent, and so accommodating that when I asked for Sweet & Low, although I found out that it is not normally served in the restaurant (Splenda and Equal are), a server on his own initiative left the restaurant to get some from Room Service, and quickly returned with a large supply of pink packets.

This was a great way for us to bid goodbye to Restaurant Week just before we left for California.  And, we will surely be back for more of the wonderful Cantonese food so graciously served at Fu.