We were WOWED!!!!! So much so that we at here THREE days in a ROW!!! See below:

Tuesday Evening: Tried Blue Agave Mexican Cantina for the first time!! LOVED IT!!!

Wednesday Lunch: Went right back the very NEXT day!!!! LOVED IT!!!!

Thursday Lunch: Went right back AGAIN - THREE days in a row!!!!

On Tuesday we ordered crispy pork and ground beef tacos and rice!! DAMN those tacos are AMAZING!! We loved how the shell stayed crispy for so very long!!! The chips were super thin (the way we like them) and we combined the hot sauce and salsa for an awesome flavor of perfection!!! We ordered our kid a kid cheese crisp and fries. Those fries were super good! Somehow they stayed hot for 15 minutes!

Our server was Eddie!!! OH Eddie, you made our first visit to Blue Agave so special, fun and memorable!!!! YOU are an asset to Blue Agave!!!! 

On Wednesday we arrived for lunch and ordered ground beef enchiladas and the pork burrito. Another AMAZING meal!! The pork burrito stole the spotlight with its massive amounts of huge chunks of fresh and flavorful meat, but the enchiladas were quite yummy too!! We had the rice, pinto beans and black beans. YUM for everything!! But...our service was extremely slow. 

On Thursday we just had to do it again. We ordered the fish tacos. The fish tacos were kind of small, but the flavor of the taco was good. We ordered their famous chimichanga also. It was also stuffed full of huge chunks of meat and the presentation was beautiful (as is all of the food served), but we both agreed we liked the regular burrito better. If you do order the chimi, ask for it extra fried, as I didn't think it was fried long enough. The reason we like the burrito better is that it didn't seem our chimi was crispy enough. If I'm eating a fried burrito (extra fat and calories), I want it crispy! Our server was definitely better than Wednesday. 

So, despite the fact that we thought the fish tacos were small, we LOVED everything so much that we easily give this place FIVE STARS!!! We really liked the comfy and clean atmosphere too. It is larger than it looks from outside. A big part of the restaurant is actually a bar area. Nice spot!!

Try this place out for sure!!!