Whoa! I can't remember the last time I had such mouth-pleasuring Italian food. Tucked inside a corner of an old strip mall, we'd never have tried Don Michael's had it not been for all the great YELP reviews. My husband and I add our cheers for this unassuming, reasonably priced restaurant, and can't wait to go back and sample different dishes. 

While the decor and ambiance are not upscale, the quality of food is absolutely outstanding. 

Starting with the Italian Wedding Soup, my taste buds were in heaven. Loaded with tender chicken, small, flavorful meatballs, pasta, carrots and spinach, it was by far the tastiest Italian Wedding Soup I've ever had. There were so many layers of flavors!

I had Chicken Marsala for my entree, and the chicken was fork-tender, and the sauce bursting with different flavor notes. The fresh mushrooms were cooked to perfection, as well. Chicken Marsala is my "go-to" dish to try at any new Italian restaurant, and I was knocked out this offering. 

At first taste, it's on the sweet side, but as it melts in your mouth, you get a full bloom of all the other elements that went into making this superb sauce. Note after new note come into play, dancing on your tongue. 

The owner, Don, told us that he uses only the best quality meats, with no fillers, and no antibiotics. They also carefully carve the meats and poultry to minimize any chance of getting a bite that is not perfectly succulent and easy to chew. I have never had more tender nor flavorful Chicken Marsala anywhere, including some of the top upscale restaurants in Las Vegas. This was cooked to absolute perfection.

My husband had the Veal Parmesan, and thought it also was the best he ever had tasted. That's HIS "go to" meal for trying new Italian restaurants. My husband said the veal was incredibly tender. He saved enough to have for lunch at school today (he's a high school teacher) and one of the other teachers had just tried Don Michael's and agreed the food was fantastic and that she couldn't wait to go back. 

Garlic bread and pasta with marinara sauce are served with the meals, and I could have made a meal just out of them. The bread was fresh, lightly toasted, with buttery garlic and a crispy crust. Absolutely delicious! It was all I could do not to accept another basket of that fantastic garlic toast that Don and his mother kept asking us if we'd like more. 

We mentioned to Don that it was my husband's birthday, and he gave my husband a complimentary birthday cannoli, with a lovely fresh ricotta filling and a perfectly crisp, airy shell, topped with tiny chocolate chips. Delicious! 

I had to order a fresh Tiramisu to go, as I was too full to eat another bite, but it was a midnight delight I savored and licked the plate! 

This little restaurant is a hidden gem, and when you walk in the door, you are treated like family. Don insisted we sip a couple of the wines, to see which we liked best! 

In all, it was by far the BEST Italian meal we have had in Las Vegas, which also made it one of the best birthdays ever for my husband. Don, Michael and Mama Scrizzi do all they can to make customer's know they are appreciated, have a quality meal, and want to come back for more. 

If it's elegant ambiance you want, go pay five times more at a strip restaurant. But if it's beautifully cooked, quality Italian food, and a "mom and pop" warm and welcoming atmosphere, give Don Michael's a try! Kelly P's review said it all for me, when she stated "The food here is definitely made with heart." I only wish I could give it more than 5 stars.

Oh! For those using wheelchairs, the restaurant is easy to navigate, with an accessible restroom.