I'm not sure what Mr. Ma is like for lunch, but for a dinner restaurant, I think this is my new favourite place for Chinese food in Montreal.

A little overwhelmingly "shi-shi-frou-frou" (as a friend likes to call the fancy places) at first, you really do get what you pay for in the end.  Normally, Asian restaurants, particularly Chinese, will plop your food down on the table and only return when you order more food or ask for the bill.  At Mr. Ma, the service is impeccable, with waiters on hand to dish up for you and refill your cups without you even asking.  

Price-wise, the dishes are on the expensive side (which may explain why it's kind of quiet inside), but the portions are huge and delicious.  You TOTALLY get what you pay for.  My husband and I ordered the crispy duck, garlic eggplant, Cantonese noodles, rice and tea.  It's a little weird that you have to pay for tea, since usually Chinese restaurants include that in the meal, but when you're ready to go home, it's all kind of a moot point.  Bear with me.  As for the Cantonese noodles, ask for the noodles on the side, because the trouble is that they're crispy to start with and get soggy as time goes on, weighed down by heaps of meat, sauce and vegetables.  Otherwise, fabulous.

I may be giving away a little known secret here (which I hope doesn't go away), but right as our leftovers were packed up in nice takeout containers (the ones that us Asians are trained from birth (and subsequently our Caucasian spouses) to save and reuse), lo and behold, our waiter invites us to try some of the desserts.  

Dessert buffet:  meet second stomach.  

Near the middle of the restaurant is a section with fruit and perfectly three-bite-sized desserts, like carrot cake and chocolate squares.  I don't recommend specifically saving yourself for the dessert buffet, but it's a really nice touch, especially when it's a pleasant surprise.

Overall, our bill was about $75 (blame the Quebec sales tax), but given that we had a whole extra meal from the leftovers, you could easily feed four people with this amount.