Finally decided to try out Fuego tacos and was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.... that I didn't come sooner. 

First I have to say that Matt (our waiter) was awesome. Attentive, nice, accommodating, and friendly. I say this because it is just about opposite of my experience everywhere else I go. I just assumed that it's normal for your waiter to be snarky and ignore their customers. He seems to prove that theory wrong. I'm usually cheap and give out only a 10-12% tip for the usual lack of service I receive, but Matt earned the full 20.

Awesome just doesn't come close to describing the meal. It started with the salsa and chips and kept going all the way through dessert. I know it's usually chips an salsa, but the real star there is the salsa, so you have to say it first. Ordered a carne asada quesadilla, which came dressed with a chipotle dipping sauce, the quesadilla was great by itself and extreme when complimented with the chipotle dip. Wife and I shared both the pernil (pork) and shirt rib barbacoa (beef) tacos, either way you choose it, it's a great dish. Although I did like the short rib tacos slightly better than the pork. The tacos come with sides of both rice and black beans. I've made black beans before, and they don't even compare. Like trying to compare a huffy bicycle to a Ducati motorcycle - they just don't. Our meal was followed up with a slice of cake covered with a mango and pineapple reduction. I will definitely be back sooner rather than later.

Expect to pay about $12 - $14 per plate after tax / tip, a few more if you order drinks, apps, and / or dessert.

If you've read any of my other reviews, you might just know that I'm driven by good food with a great value, and as such. You can find usually grab a deal on (choose one) $5for$10 on yelp / groupon, or $25off$35 from restaurant-com; yes I did use a deal for myself. While normally you can feel the glares of the wait staff whenever you pull out your coupon, Matt made us feel like it was no big thing and was happy to serve us! 

I had such a good experience, that I might even consider **gasp** coming without a coupon **/gasp*