Refinement and sophistication are terms that one would use to describe this master piece of a Restaurant. Latin cooking has a distinctive flavor and that delicate balance has been refined to preserve all the phenomenal flavors and incorporated into the menu here. The drinks have been infused with fruit and other fruit juice to put a new spin on old classics. 

Once in a while a few ladies and I, will get together for dinner and catch up on everything. Accepting the invitation of Refinement to come out and be guests with Peroni we jumped at the chance. This was a private event that Chica sponsored the space.

The Peroni event sampled this liquor in an array of drinks that were made up for all of the guests to sample. The beautiful restaurant was perfect for hosting this venue. Our area included the bar and a few tables by the bar, just to the right of the hostess stand.

The catering was done with sampling of the menu at Chicas for all the guests to try. The amazing wait staff brought around trays of beef filled enchiladas for the first round. The last sampling from Chicas menu was a cinnamon roll with Latin twist and it was amazing. 

The bartender made the drinks for the guests to take from the bar. A serve yourself or wait for the staff to bring the drinks by on a tray. The bartender had an awesome skill level of what goes in the drinks serving. The bar was also open if a guest wanted something other than what was being served. 

The decor of Chica is really over the top! The tables are paired with such comfy chairs. The colors they use to decorate are warm and welcoming. The lighting in the dining area is so delicate that it captures a perfect place to share a meal with a that special someone. The bar lighting is brighter than I have seen, and is ambient feeling. The sleek black granite coloring of the bar gives it a nice focus. 

The cocktails that were made focused on infusing strawberries and raspberry with Peroni in some fashion. Who knew that Peroni could taste so amazing in cocktails. 

The first drink they offered was a strawberry lemonade mix with Peroni. It was so sweet and delicate. It had real strawberries served in it too.

The second drink came in a brandy style glass with raspberry sorbet and Peroni. The fizzy violet bubbles were what made this drink. At the bottom of the glass were real raspberries and were full of all the Peroni flavor.

The third sampling was Peroni beer from their
glass bottles. You had a choice to drink the Peroni straight from the green bottle, or pour it in a pilsner cup. It was good either way.

There were games that Peroni had us play, if you wanted too. The photo booth was fun. The DJ was spinning records live for this catered event too. They encouraged us to take snaps with one another; then post to Instagram or what ever social media platform one use

The girls and I just enjoyed one another's company. Jammed to some tunes. Met some new people . And were educated on fabulous cocktails at an amazing restaurant. We are already planning our next visit!