well, coming from Los Angeles, i am already familiar with this DELICIOUS establishment. You can read my review about the location in Hollywood that closed down here: https://www.yelp.com/biz/fuku-burger-los-angeles?hrid=RF-w9YK0wH7RBFtM1G-D_Q&utm_campaign=www_review_share_popup&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=(direct)

After recently moving to Las Vegas, I found myself not wandering the strip for some commercialized BS burger like you can get @ Gordan Ramsay crap restaurant at the PFF (ph, get it?) but driving around the outskirts looking for some good, local spots. Craving a burger we just searched for burger and boom, there Fuku was. While driving i was a little skeptic that it was from the original owner and the same as the location in Hollywood. Well, a few days later I stopped by and was very happy about the results.

The spot is in a small, stand alone burger stand on Jones Blvd. completely opposite to what was over in Hollywood. That place was pretty massive. So this new spot is decked out with Mr Fuku's wise cracking, in-your-face-oh-well style and charisma at a much smaller, personal feel kind of space. There are punch lines and attention grabbers from the entrance to the bathroom.

I walked up to the counter and literally started to salivate enough to the point that it might have looked disgusting when i opened my mouth to request the #5 Karai burger (which if you read my review from the Hollywood location, it is the same burger!)

as I ordered it, i realized that i can't choose the "hotness" of my burger! Well that was a little bit of a let down, because over the course of numerous trips to the Hollywood location that is one of the draws i loved was telling the server to hit me with a 10 on the spicy scale.

so i ordered the #5 combo, took my pepsi and sat down waiting, kind of bouncing my leg hoping i was going to get what i had been missing once i realized the closure in Hollywood to now. a few minutes past by, just the right amount of time and my food was up.

the presentation doesn't do the foods quality and taste justice. it comes in a basket with the same paper it sat on in the Hollywood location. the fries i got were the standard seasoned fries, and those were delicious. i had extra hot sauce added to my burger so i could see it dripping off the side. honestly i just dove right in with a fork because i knew it was going to get messy, and i was right.

the first taste to the end had nothing but complete satisfactory with each bite.

The burger and fries were delicious. I went back today and had the sauce on the side, that way i can add the sauce to the burger as i need to.

No complaints at all. Mr Fuku, you got a fan back!