THE WEEKDAY $15. THREE COURSE LUNCH SPECIAL (w/beverage) IS PHENOMENAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is a small restaurant with a small patio that's covered with leaves from an old tree. There isn't a parking lot here so you have to park on the street. 

All the food we had was very detailed and delicious with some surprising ingredients. The food was presented like an artist painted it. 

They started us out with a complimentary appetizer of crispy leeks with cranberries. The Leeks were tastier than potato chips and the cranberries seemed marinated. They were a fun snack.

For my first course I picked the Paprika Parmesan Hummus. It was very unusual but also very good. It came with fresh grilled and seasoned pita bread and many perfectly placed vegetables including Shiitake Mushroom Caps. For me the favors of the hummus popped the most on the slightly softened carrots.

It was hard to decide on the main course because two of the three were calling me but I went with the Ahi Tuna Salad. It came out in a heavy kettle but revealed a very delicate salad inside. The salad had capers that were crisped and opened up into flowers. The Tuna was very fresh. Tiny pieces of goat cheese pulled it together and the Orange Segments were very refreshing. This was a very above average salad and a lovely fresh picked pansy just topped it off.

My husband had the other dish that seemed very interesting to me. It was Marsala Braised Beef with Pumpkin, White Truffle Smoked Egg, and Crispy Leeks. It also was interesting as it was delicious.

We both picked the cheese plate for our dessert course. We received a chunk of good quality cheese with mustard and raspberry sauce, house made bread, crushed pepper and smoked salt.

The portions were just right.
Not too much and not too little.

The beverage was included beer and wine were an option.

The $15. Lunch Special made the meal seem like a special occasion.

It just doesn't get any better than this!