King Wah doesn't look like much from the outside, but because of the good reviews my husband and I decided to give it a try. After living in Cleveland for almost a year we were still lacking a solid Chinese place, and I can say this was definitely the best we've had so far! 

We started our meal off with the Wor Bar Soup for two. It had shrimp, chicken, and ham, as well as veggies, then was topped with crackling rice. It came in a nice sized pot which gave us each 3 bowls full of soup. It is served with shrimp chips (or prawn crackers) which are a nice addition. For $7.50 this was well, WELL worth the price, and I would have paid more for it considering it was so huge. You could really make a meal out of the soup, it was so filling. 

Next we had pot stickers. The pot stickers weren't as crispy on the outside as we were used to, but the filling was very good. I'm really picky about the filling inside of these because I feel like it can be questionable sometimes, lol. But the meat inside was very clean tasting, with a hint of ginger, and they weren't overly greasy or anything. We really liked them a lot!

For our entrees we ordered shrimp lo mein and sesame chicken. They each came on a big plate that could definitely serve more than one person. If you're into sharing and tasting different things or having a bit of several dishes, this would be a good place to do so. Think of it as the Buca Di Beppo of Chinese food. We both liked our dishes very much. My husband's sesame chicken had a generous portion of nicely steamed broccoli, and lots of peppers with the dish. My lo mein was very good and very unique. If you are someone who eats lo mein a lot you know it usually has thicker noodles and a thin brown sauce. This lo mein had very thin noodles, and a thick brown sauce, but it was very tasty and had a great garlic and ginger flavor. It was different than any other lo mein that I've had before, but it was really good and I would definitely order it again. It had plenty of shrimp too, so that was a plus. Something else that I was happy with was that the food was well paced coming out. The soup came out first, then dumplings, then the entrees. I hate when you order and every course is on your table in 10 mins. The food was fresh and you can tell they actually took the appropriate amount of time to cook it. It wasn't just sitting around waiting to be heated up. (And as a side note, we felt great after our meal. You know sometimes Chinese food can leave you feeling sick or gross, but the food sat well with us.)

So overall the food was very fresh, with great flavors, and generous portions. We went in on a Sunday afternoon around 4-4:30 and the restaurant was busy, but not packed or overly crowded. It was a great experience. Our bill was $45 before tip for the 2 appetizers and 2 entrees, and we agree it was worth the money. Our waitress was polite and attentive, and we had a great time. We will definitely go back!