I discovered Sharwarma and Falafel City during one of my lonesome but pleasant Kensington strolls. I walked by the sign and saw "Falafel City" and recalled the one time I saw "Falafel Hood". I thought to myself "Self. There is no way you are eating at an establishment that has 'Hood' in it's name" and walked on. The month or so later I drove by a place called "Falafel District" and drove on because I didn't care.But then JUST around last January when I was driving out of town I SWORE I saw a place called "Falafel Village". So after seeing Falafel city I decided to put a stop to this absurdity and marched in. 

Much to my surprise it was a relaxed environment with a neat cafe style dining room. They had wifi and a television screen that appeased me because it was showing a classic episode of Iron Chef and became INSTANTLY MUUUUUNGGGRRRYYY . I forgot my beef as soon as the Gentlemen behind the counter greeted me like I was a pub regular. Small talk ensued and soon I ended up ordering a Falafel.

Now I'm not a Falafel expert in that I know every step there is to making this glorious street food, at least on a level like some coffee connesiuers who go BANANAS the moment a server gives them drip coffee, but I noticed a few things that made Shawarma and Falafel City unique from most places. They fried your falafels on the spot! Wow did it make the difference, nothing like the texture of oily hot falafel adding extra MMMMMMMMMGOODNEZZZZ to your wrap. They also piled on a generous helping of fresh veggies and herbs. When it came to sauces they played the "say when!" game. Me likes a lot of garlic sauce and hot sauce on mine. Me also likes the painful rejection of women who come within my proximity after having consumed Falafel wraps.

The price was reasonable. For 7 bucks you can get a medium sized wrap which can either be a Falafel, Shawarma, or a Donair or if you're feeling frisky ALL of the MEAT (Yes I know Falafel isn't made out of meat). For 10 bucks you can get a bigger wrap. But like I said, these folks love to pack it down and make sure you're biting into a BRICK.

Oh you best believe I'll be back!

But seriously stop attaching settlements after "Falafel" as names. It ends with "city". What's next? Falafel Metropolis? Or....FALAFELOPOLIS!! o_O