Holy best pizza I've ever had, Batman! I was curious about this place...probably because I've been bombarded by Naked advertising for the past year or so. I was a bit wary about the price, but I understand that I get what I pay for...blah blah blah. 

I read their spiel about the all-natural ingredients and how their quality compares to the big chains. I'm still a major skeptic and require proof of all things before I believe anything. So, we ordered our pizzas today at 5pm. They arrived at 5:22. No, I'm not exaggerating. I was blown away. Not only do they have pizza ovens that defy the laws of physics, they own transporters that beam them to your front door a la Captain Kirk. All I know is if my kids are playing outside when I order from there, I'll be sure to bring them in within 15 minutes so they don't get plowed over by the delivery guy's car. (No, I don't think this is a plus but, damn, they were fast. I just wish they could be fast and safe!)

Aaaaaaaaaaanyway, when I opened the box, I have to admit I was disappointed. It didn't look like a 14 inch pizza. My husband whipped out his...tape measure and...what... Whatever. Point is, it really IS 14 inches. 

So, I took a bite. There were no fireworks, nor did my taste buds dance like Willy Wonka's Oompa Loompas. (I always have that picture in my head when I eat food that is just "to die for".) It was...well, it was good. It was definitely different than the pizza we usually order (Pizza Hut). I finished my first slice and went back for seconds. No sense in judging it on one piece, right? The second piece was even better than the first, and the third, well, let's just say that the more I ate, the better it tasted. I don't know why. That's just what happened. Maybe it's like Starbucks who put heroin in the coffee cup lids. You don't know why you love it. You just do, and the more you have it, the more you want it. I'm serious. Heroin in the lids. It's true. I looked it up on snopes.

Back to the pizza.

The bottom line is: If you want really good pizza and you don't mind paying a little more for food that is not over-processed, artery-clogging garbage, this is the place to get it. It would be nice if they threw out a coupon or two though.