When finding out I was moving back the the Vegas, in no way did I think of going to The Palms...for ANYTHING. Well, maybe a Ditch Friday...and GBDC...and the Pearl...and the diner rueben... OK, fine. I would've been at The Palms. But I didn't see a 5-star meal coming from here. Enter N9NE.  

Through the grapevine (yelp) I heard about this $65 AYCD 5-course prix fixe and since I had a date to impress, to N9NE we went! On a Monday at 6:45 the place was nearly empty. It's an odd looking spot. A giganto bar in the middle of the dining room and little to no decoration to be found. 

Any who, before I could really look around a friendly white coated waiter came over with some menus. I didn't even snag a look at it and went straight for the prix fixe. Off the waiter went and returned with a white wine. He went into a speech about it, but I stopped him and told him to pour first and ask questions later. He obliged, filled the glasses tall and went on his way. Class personified. The service was terrific throughout. 

Here's how the meal went...
Amuse Bouche: 
Potato and celery soup - Small cup came out and wasn't as heavy as I expect most potato soups to be. You could definitely detect the celery flavor. 

Starters: 
French onion soup and garbage salad (a salad with a bit of everything) - LOVVEE both of these in concept and N9NE did them well. Bits of bleu cheese, olives, salami, tomato and others all over salad is always a good time. The soup was on point. Gooey cheese and salty broth make me a happy camper.

Fish: *Note: I am buzzed at this point
Striped Sea Bass (Sautéed, Escarole & Beans, Black Garlic, Pancetta, Extra Virgin Olive Oil)- This was solid. Crunchy top with light bites of fish underneath. Next time I would probably skip this step and leave more room for the meat.  

Entree: *Note- I am drunk now and the red wine has entered the picture
Prime Ribeye Steak with grilled asparagus and parmesan mashed potatoes  - This bad boy was cooked perfectly rare and had was served in a plate of its own juices. Smooth move. If that wasn't enough, it was also served with 3 side sauces (Creamy Horseradish, Au Poivre and Béarnaise Sauce). Don't even bother with these. Although really salty (IMO), the crust was extremely flavorful and the piece was easy to cut. Not the best steak I've had this year, but doable. 

Dessert: 
- 3 mini pieces of a peanut butter cup, carrot cake (bomb!) and cheesecake. All fun, but you should prob be full by now. 

So, about those 5-stars. The food was FAR from perfect, but the experience was great. Anytime I leave a place full, tipsy and satisfied with a lady in hand (who was feeling the same), I'm more than just 'a fan'. Let's call it a generous 5 with a suggestion to have your next date night here. 

Tip: check out the worlds smallest TV's in the bathroom