I have been eating on a regular basis at the Bellagio Buffet and they really are running the place great.  The best in Vegas without a doubt.

UPDATE 10-10-11 :  I'll rewrite this when I have time but since the Wynn Buffet quit serving King Crab Legs I switched back to the Bellagio.  I have to say it has been excellent again.  The big thing before was they were so slow in changeover from lunch to dinner and now management gets it right out on time.  I was very impressed.  They must have got new management as it is now back to the quality I was used to.

OLD REVIEW:

I am a veteran at eating at the Bellagio Buffet and used to feel it was the best buffet in Vegas.  I have been eating there about 30 times a year since the Bellagio opened.   I felt it was the best back when Steve Wynn opened the joint.  The crab legs used to be giantic and everyhting was super high end.  It declined some over the years but was still great.  I went there yesterday to celebrate a friends birthday and have to say it was a huge disappointment.  Even a great restaurant can sometimes serve a bad meal, a steak too tough, or a dish just not prepared the way it should have been.  That was not the case on this night..  The buffet has just cut way back on the variety and the quality of what it offers.  The reason I have enjoyed this buffet so much in the past is that they always served my favorite items with high quality.  I go there on Friday night which is supposed to be their extra special gourmet buffet..which they charge additional $$$$$ for over other nights.  So I had to pay additional to eat on this night but actually found they weren't even serving most of my favorite dishes.  I am a King Crab junkie.  Although they did have some king crab leg scraps they were serving this day, they had to be the the smallest, most disappointing, dried out, tastless crab legs ever served up in Las Vegas.  My buddy kept saying they had to be some sort of illegal catch because the size was so small.  My other favorite item is the lamb chops.  Last time I ate at the buffet during the week..and they weren't serving the lamb chops..I inquired and the chef told me they have them on the Friday Gourmet nights.  So I was excited for that but on this day they skipped serving them.  Big disappointment.  My third favorite item is the sea bass and they weren't serving that this night either.  My buddy really enjoys unique meats like ostrich, buffalo, etc. and none of those meats were in the mix tonight either.  So not only were they missing all of my favorites..they didn't even serve anything special as alternatives.  To top things off my favorite dessert is the napoleons and they ran out before I was able get any.  It seems like the bufett was a winner every time until the past 6 months or so and it has steadily declined.