We are 4 guys that frequently eat out. If anyone in the group will find SOMETHING wrong with the food, it's going to be me. Honestly, I can't say enough good about this place! First, we love to eat local. It appears to be owned by a Japanese couple, and they are sure to remain present and visible. They're very friendly. One of the friends has been here before during the day, and they remembered him and commented that he'd never been there for dinner. Impressive. The wife came over and looked at what we ordered, told us that 1. we were ordering the wrong rolls (she was right) and 2. we were ordering too much (she was right again). The chef (husband) came out from behind the counter and spoke with us, truly showed his appreciation and gratitude for us coming in. They sent out a few pieces of seared salmon that they were trailing that wasn't yet on the menu, and it was delicious (although I prefer my sushi raw). The wait staff was friendly and attentive. The prices, I felt, were very fair, especially because they use purple rice, which is healthier and more expensive in general (and DELICIOUS). The atmosphere is what you'd expect from a local family-owned restaurant - not a huge dining room, nothing extravagant or over-the-top, but friendly and quaint. We had a nice brief conversation with the group next to us.

We didn't at first order the Oh My God roll, but man am I glad the owner suggested it! It's incredible. They light it on fire when they bring it out. And I understand how it got its name. Oh my God...really delicious. I had suggested it to the group next to us, and I heard the one gal say, "Oh my God" when she tried it. We also got the blue fin combo, the Philly salmon roll, the crunch roll, the caterpillar roll and I don't even remember what else. It really was all so good. It's been a while since I've had a meal that fulfilling. We planned on having leftovers, but we ended up eating everything (and we probably ordered enough for 6 or 7 people). I'm glad the owner dissuaded us from ordering more.

We will be back.