Review for Restaurant Week 2011 menu:

Service started with a small bowl of edamame.  Another restaurant that does something than give you a bread basket.  Good idea.

Course 1:  Lobster pot stickers with miso butter sauce.  The pot stickers were grilled perfectly and the plating was nicely done.  I expected a stronger lobster flavor, but it is ground filling so maybe my expectations were too high.  They were very tasty.

Course 2:  Macadamia nut encrusted mahi mahi eith lobster essence.  The mahi mahi was tender and soft as it should be and it was moist and cooked perfectly.  There was a base of a small amount of potato puree that held some red potato slices on which the mahi mahi was placed.  It was crowned by asparagus spears.  A fine main course and just the right amount.

Course 3:  Melting hot chocolate soufflé with raspberry sauce and vanilla bean ice cream.  This isn't a traditional souffle, but it comes close to it.  The melted chocolate inside was very hot and you needed to wait for it to cool before really trying more than the tiniest taste.

Service:  Everyone was great!  When i was seated, I was in the dining room at a table meant for 4 people.  I had noticed the kitchen bar/sushi bar seating when I was going to my table.  I asked the hostess if I could sit there instead and she said, "You can sit just about anywhere you want.  Come on."

I like restaurants that have a counter area that overlooks the cooks doing their thing.  I also had a good time talking with a couple of them and they showed me some of the dishes they had made before they were served because they noticed my inquisitive look at what they were doing.  This made the meal all the more enjoyable!

My server was there to ask how each course was after I had chance to try them, and he refilled my iced tea promptly.  Altogether, this was a wonderful dining experience.  I am sure I'll be returning to Roy's.  This RW menu gave me a good taste of their food and the whole experience showed me what they're like.