I had an excuse in the form of a buy-one-get-one-free coupon to stop by and try this latest addition to the chicken fastfood scene  here in Sin City which is conveniently located not too far away from where I live.

Pollo Campero is proof positive that good people and good food come from Central America, more specifically from Guatamala the original home of the flavorful and optimally spiced chicken that is cooked here.

I was able to try both the fried and grilled chicken and enjoyed them both very much. It's impossible for me to pick a favorite.

Pollo Campero has its own unique twist on the batter of its fried chicken: It's light and cooked to a perfect state of golden brown perfection.

The grilled chicken is covered with a lip-smacking combination of spices all of which enhance the overall peppery, citrus theme with the luscious taste of lime predominating.

Both varieties of chicken are moist and juicy and a pure joy to consume. The portion sizes of the clearly top-quality chicken used are by no means skimpy, irrespective of how many pieces you buy. And this is most noticeable in the delicious chicken breasts which are truly impressive in size.

I only tried two side dishes - the yucca fries and the Campero beans - and both were uniquely tasty as well as of generous size. 

I especially enjoyed the beans with Pollo Campero's own blend of spices in the sauce. These are definitely not your standard baked beans! The yucca fries are a welcome, lighter and more airy variation of the ubiquitous french fries found elsewhere and are ideally consumed with some Campero sauce. No ketchup is needed here!

Service was very quick, pretty much the moment that I stepped through the door. There was a slight wait after ordering since a new batch of one of the items that I ordered was still being cooked.

All I can say is that Pollo Campero is definitely worth a visit. Everyone should come on by and check out the new kid on the block.I will definitely be returning even when a discount coupon is not available.