While I haven't written any reviews in a little while, my visit to Fin & Fino has inspired me. I knew that they were opening sometime soon but I needed a hot tip from a friend last Saturday to know that they were opening essentially last weekend. Now the wife and I love all things seafood, so we were excited to try it all. Well her lobster allergy precludes her from trying all but Fin & Fino was very accommodating.

The menu is a little overwhelming with almost too many dishes to count to go along with dare I say the largest oyster list in the city. We both love raw oysters so we decided on 4 different varieties of north east oysters. We liked them salty and briny and they were. We followed those with some salmon and tuna poke which was well done with balanced flavors showcasing the fishies. Now for the next choices our server helped us and suggested that we do another small plate and share an entree. We obliged and agreed upon the scallops and latke, more on those later and the monkfish entree which while it came with a lobster sauce, they were able to plate the dish with the sauce on the side to avoid any need for an epipen, cause those are expensive, or a visit to the ER, cause that's even more expensive. The monkfish was cooked well and the tomatoes and kale were great accompaniments. Now onto the scallops and latkes. This was hands down my favorite dish of the night, while the wife may have another ultimate favorite we both agreed that the scallops/latkes were Charleston great. Trust us that's a thing. I try hard at home to cook scallops properly, sometimes they turn out better than others, but these scallops were probably the best I can remember. And the pairing of the scallops with the latkes along with the sour cream and lemon curd, at least I thought it was lemon curd was over the top. In fact when it came to dessert, we both decided to forgo the sweets and order each another small plate. The wife got the buckwheat pasta with shrimp and I, well I got another order of those scallops...

I would be remiss if I didn't mention the drinks and the bar. While we didn't hang out at the bar at all, it looks very well laid out and the drinks that we had were interesting and delicious. If you trust the bartender, try their "waiting for magic" offering which changes daily with unknown ingredients or get a drink off the menu or even go off menu, they will make you something good. They also have an extensive wine list if that's more your thing. The wife and I will be regulars, and they will be offering lunch as well as happy time from 4-6, which our server mentioned to us is still a work in progress on the full details. The price point is elevated a little, but if you don't like raw oysters and drink less than we do, you will be fine.