First I would like to give you a short history on my relationship with Mexican food so that you can fully understand how genuine my review is.  I was born and raised for 17 years in Los Angeles, where I was treated with fantastic Mexican food on every corner.  I moved to Las Vegas and worked in construction for 10 years, surrounded by Mexicans and their wondrous food.  I learned to appreciate everything about authentic Mexican food as well as learn their language.  The problem, there was no good authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas.

I have tried almost every restaurant Las Vegas has to offer, and I can tell you now, after visiting Juan's almost 10 times, there is no question that Juan's is the best.

You are always greeted at the door with a smile.  If there is no wait, you are quickly seated and if you don't like the table, the host/hostess is more then willing to switch you to the table of your choice.  The bussers  are always quick to respond to your table with chips, salsa, bean dip, and a plate of sauteed jalapenos and onions.

The salsa is the closest to Los Angeles style restaurant salsa I have found in Vegas.  My wife caught me eating it with a spoon yesterday.  Yes, it is that good.  The bean dip is the best I have ever had.  I can't explain to you what that really means, just know that Mexican food is my absolute favorite and I love my bean dip.  My wife loves to take the onions, dump them in her bean dip and eat them with a chip.  The flavor is pretty mind blowing.  I prefer to take a jalapeno, and put it on every chip dipped in beans.  If you like spicy or jalapenos, give it a try.  Beware because they staff will continue to replace the bean dip and salsa and attempting not to stuff yourself on these delicacies is a difficult task.

Juan has 8 beers on tap.  8!  For a Mexican restaurant this is quite unique.  I have sampled the Dos Equis, Negro Modelo, Victoria, and my wife's Budlight.  The draft is always fresh and the prices are amazing.  Their happy hour runs from 3-7 every day throughout the entire restaurant.  A 22 oz fresh draft for $4.50 is hard to beat.  Every Mexican brew is served with a lime.

I am usually almost full by the time the entrees come around but I try to find a way to fit them in.  I have enjoyed every item on their vegetarian menu, their flaming fajitas, their carne asada, and all their entree's have been excellent.  Their flaming fajitas have a great presentation and the portion size is rather large.  There is one restaurant in Las Vegas that beats Juan's just in the Fajita category and that restaurant is called Leticia's.  The reason is because Leticia adds mushrooms and zucchini into her fajitas.  I had to find a solution for this because my wife is a Fajita snob and I didn't want to go to a restaurant that lacks in all other categories because their fajitas were "better" (according to my wife of course).  The solution was simple.

"Could we add mushrooms and zucchini to our fajitas?"  we asked.  "Of course" was the reply.  And so, our love affair with Juan's has continued and my wife gets the fajitas her way, every time, and they are excellent.

This restaurant is the best Mexican food that Las Vegas has to offer and I would put it up against any place in L.A, anytime.  To all my friends that haven't had a chance to partake in Juan's, make time, you are missing out on life.

P.S.  If the staff makes any slight mistake, which most restaurants would shrug off, you will be treated with free churros and whip cream.  Pray for a mistake because they rarely make one.