So apparently I am notorious for going to places just before they close, not intentionally by the way. Anyways, I arrived to The Coronado about 30-45 minutes before they closed and I'm never fond of doing that because I have that feeling of the employees being irritated or wanting to rush me. Once again I was proven wrong in a good way!

The restaurant is located right off of 7th street just north past McDowell, close to Nami and Green New American (which are also vegan/vegetarian spots that I love!), so it was really easy to find. I love the look of the building as it looks like it might've been a house at some point in time. It's quite small but I honestly love restaurants like that because it gives it a more homey feel (no pun intended).

I walked in and was instantly greeted by the cashier as she walked to the register. The setting was awesome! Dim lighting in some parts of the (house) and big abstract paintings paintings right when you walk in. It might be a personal preference but I love that coffee shop type atmosphere when I go to a restaurant. The music was chill so it matched the vibe of the place.

Moving along, so I already knew what I wanted to order, originally wanted 2 potato tacos and 1 cauliflower taco, but the cashier told me they can only do 3 taco combo.....I don't think she understood what I meant because I've seen that people have mixed different tacos from other pictures, however, I just brushed it off and got 3 cauliflower tacos without the pepitas (pumpkin seeds).

When I took the first bite..........WHAT IS LIFE!!! The tacos are SO flavorful, I swear I was eating a fish taco, but a much better version that doesn't make me bloated afterwards! The cauliflower was lightly battered and fried and it had guacamole, spinach & creamy avocado dressing. It's literally like a light version of a fish taco, almost could not even tell the difference besides it being slightly sweeter than a fish taco (by now I think you can tell that I love fish tacos). It was pretty late when I went there so unfortunately I couldn't finish all 3 tacos so I'm hoping they will still taste good warmed up. Regardless, it was delicious!

Customer service was great as well. I asked for a to go box after finishing only 1 taco so the cashier I'm guessing assumed that I felt that I needed to hurry and finish before closing time so she assured me that I didn't have to rush and that they will still be there 3 minutes even after closing if I wanted to stay. I thanked her for the offered but told her I was full already so she understood lol.

Needless to say I will definitely come back again and THOROUGHLY enjoy my food next time, and I am hoping to try the Mexican corn and chili guacamole fries, those sounded amazing as well. Stoked to find another great vegan/vegetarian spot!