The Optima gods have graced Optima residents with exactly what this little organic oasis needed: a one-stop shop cafe and market! Yes, I am happy to report that as of five days ago, The Divine Cafe & Market opened its door on the bottom level of Optima. The verdict? So far, so very good my yelp friends! 

Now Optima is a unique little haven. It's organic inspired so the retail surrounding the residents are also organic inspired (Nourish, Posh, the organic dry cleaners). But this is a little mix of organic meets Europe I'd say and I think it's exactly what the residence needed! 

Let me start with the concept. The man who runs the store also lives in Optima so he knew exactly what was lacking. Divine has it all. It has a coffee shop with freshly brewed coffee. It has a bar with three beers on tap as well as well liquors and wine. It has indoor cafe seating and it has outdoor seating right by the refreshing water fountains. They also serve breakfast, lunch and dinner and gelato for the sweet tooth addicts. They open at 6:30 AM and they close around 10 or 11 PM ... or however long the last guests wants to stay. Now in the back, they are working on a marketplace and so far, I saw wine, sodas, juices, condiments, basic essentials, gum, candy, dog treats...pretty much anything you need without wanting to make a trip to the grocery store. It is adorable inside and reminds me of a European cafe on the streets of Rome or Paris. 

Moving on to the food. As I mentioned, they open at 6:30 AM for breakfast and as of now (remember they just opened), they have five items on the menu including yogurt parfait, Belgium waffles, a baked omelet with fresh veggies, oatmeal brulee and fruit. I had the baked omelet and tried a bite of the waffles. Both were delicious! The omelet tasted like a garden in my mouth and I've decided that's a good thing. It had an adorable presentation and was a tidy little omelet. Inside the omelet were veggies and goat cheese. I asked if they could do egg whites and they said yes! Plus for Divine. The Belgium waffle came with candy coated cinnamon sugar pecans. Delicious. The chef is from the Cordon Bleu school down the road so I see good things for the cuisine at this cafe. 

The staff is so friendly and welcoming! 

I haven't eaten dinner there yet, but I hear they are still working out their menu. I will report on the dinner as soon as I try it. 

So in summary, if you live in or are near the Optima and are looking for a dainty cafe to relax and have a coffee, cocktail or meal, Divine is your spot. The food is decently prices at about $6 - $8 for a meal item. 

I will leave with a couple items to note: 

It's hard to find because the windows are tinted and there isn't a lot of signage so be sure to look closely. It's right across from the organic cleaners and look for the tables out front. 

I think it would be cool if they offered evening activities such as s'mores roasting or live music, or even have games out. It's the perfect spot if you live in that area and want to do something chill but still do something that night.