I really wasn't expecting much of Block & Grinder when I was decided to stop by for dinner to be honest, but they really blew me away.

I was a bit early for my dinner date and decided to wait at my table instead of sitting at the bar. When my waiter came around he asked if I'd like to wait before ordering drinks or if I'd like one ahead of time. How considerate. Finally my fellow diner arrived and we got some nifty drink recommendations from our waiter who also happened to be the bar manager. He really knows his stuff and actually made some of the cocktails on the menu! I'll have to visit and try more sometime.

Libations taken care of we decided to order some foie gras and roasted bone marrow to start with. The foie gras was beautifully presented! The only problem I had with this was that it was a very sweet dish overall with the buttered soldier on the bottom soaking up all that port reduction. Thankfully the charred nature of the foie gras helped tone it down a bit. The bone marrow was a big hit, the luxurious fatty marrow was served with a generous topping of arugula pesto to help cut the richness. While the foie gras had the problem of being too salty this one had the unfortunate problem of being a bit too salty so had to be topped sparingly on our bread though they did an excellent job of tempering the funk that can sometimes be associated with marrow bones.

For the main course I was recommended the rack of lamb with wild ramps and a mushroom farro which I was leaning towards over the short rib. I am glad I did, I loved it! It was nicely presented and when our waiter had heard that I am a big fan of ramps he had asked the kitchen to have some extra ramps added to the dish for me! My lamb was perfectly cooked how I asked for it (medium rare) and in contrast to the appetizers perfectly seasoned. Usually I'll take a bite then give an opinion. In this instance I just took a bite and smiled enjoying the food. All the flavors in this dish worked well together with the tomato gastrique brightening up the earthiness of the mushroom farro and the ramps' stringent onion flavors adding complexity to the bites of lamb.

For dessert my dining companion opted for a glass of champagne while I opted out. However our thoughtful waiter brought out some ginger ale in a champagne glass so I didn't just awkwardly sit there. If I had to judge them solely on their food it would probably be 4 stars however the service here really bumped it up a notch. Thanks for the excellent dinner Block and Grinder!