So I heard about this place thru an acquaintance. She said she knew the owner, so I thought I'd give it a whirl. I just switched jobs, so it conveniently put me across the street from this place on 7th St just north of Osborn. At first I wasn't sure where it was, but the sign that you'll probably see best,  is their Urban Beans sidewalk sign and the other one is hidden behind trees for the most part (its actually their quaint patio with trees in the front that blocks the building. Anyway, I was eager to enter, so off I went. I found parking in the medium-sized parking lot, walked up to find the patio (as mentioned above) and entered the coffee house. It had the same feel as those you might find on Roosevelt. Really artsy and laid back. It has artwork that changes out once a month I believe and...FREE WIFI... yay! And please note, this place offers gluten-free products. I know that is important to a lot of people. So that's a bonus! Also the staff is very friendly and warm. Its so rare to get good customer service nowadays so I really boast about it when cust. service is good. They were eager to help me figure out what I'd like to drink and eat. The guy behind the counter went over the specials and everything. I ordered the turkey with brie. DELISH!  The turkey and brie (good sized portion by the way) had a very nice soft bread and cranberry aioli, brie cheese, with arugula. It also came with a side arugula salad. Very yummy. And I'm pretty sure those were homemade croutons in there too, but not sure though. Now about the coffee. I got one of the many monthly specials decaf / non-fat 'Gingerbread latte'.  Even though I love coffee, I rarely drink it b/c I don't drink caffeinated beverages any longer, but a decaf cup carries little caffeine so I indulge a few times a year. So this drink is way better than the gingerbread latte at Starbucks. (Dare I utter the words Starbucks in this place, they would prob. kick me out..lol) It was bold, creamy and very flavorful. I really enjoyed it. In fact, a few days later, I got another one!! 

Go ahead and try this place, I have already recommended it to a fellow co-worker, and he too, loved this place and is going to go back again.