I started this review looking for a reason to give it 4 stars simply because I don't often award chain restaurants such high ratings. But really I can find literally no logical reason to do so. I seriously love Mod and I love this business concept. I don't know if Mod was the chicken or the egg but made to order pizza has become a huge thing quick it would seem. Some call it the Chipotle or Subway of pizza but I call it its own thing. In terms of variety and options: all other made to order restaurants have nothing on Mod.

I can't start without mentioning that the prices are astoundingly low for what you get. You get a personal thin crust pizza with unlimited toppings of your choice for one flat price: $8.52 including tax if you decide to leave no tip. You can upgrade to gluten free crust for a few dollars but that's the only upcharge you'll see. There's the usual red sauce plus add-ons for the sauce such as pesto and some others I've honestly never used. I think I saw a barbecue sauce in there. For toppings, a non-exhaustive list includes: whole garlic cloves, tomato, sundried tomato, red and yellow peppers, green peppers, olives, roasted cauliflower, hamburger, ham, Canadian bacon, pepperoni, grilled chicken, sausage, and on and on. I'm not doing it any justice with my list. At the end of the bacon you can even add one of at least 6 toppings onto the pizza to get even more bang (or zing) for your buck.

There are also several bottled sodas (Boylan) to choose from along with a litany of fountain drinks and even a few beers. You can even round out your meal with a milkshake too. And if you want to forego the carbs entirely there are all of your basic salad greens on the bar with which you can make a stellar salad composed of any or all of the above.

Finally, you can visit and eat here knowing that you're supporting a good cause too. That's because they hire and employee many ex-convicts and people who have served time in prison and would otherwise find difficulty in getting employed again as a result. Very cool!