When I first started working Uptown I wanted to get a "street hotdog" since I had always associated the downtown life with a great frank (don't ask me why, maybe too many movies). On my third day on the job I went to find a hotdog stand and was successful. However, it was just a plain jane hot dog with a little ketchup and mustard. Good but not really anything to look forward to again.

Fast forward a few weeks. I am walking the streets of Tryon looking for something to inspire my palette because I'm in one of those rare moods where I just can't decide what I'm hankering for.

I came across the Chili Man stand on Tryon between 4th and Trade and saw a few people ordering and being chatted up by the owner. Loving verbal engagement I wandered over and stood in line meanwhile listening to a random story being recounted by the Chili Man himself.
There are essentially two main options on the menu: Hotdogs and Brats.
Fortunately I happen to like both and ordered one of each.

Then I got to pick my toppings for my meal. For my brat I just got brown mustard and Sauerkraut (major kudos for even offering a brat with kraut, which is surprisingly rare). I took my dog based on his recommendation which included spicy mustard, spicy ketchup, chili and cheese.

I will say both were great but the chili just put things over the edge. It did not seem like a generic canned chili and I have been told (though not confirmed) that he makes it himself. It would not surprise me. It does not matter if you don't have cash because he is up on the digital age and can accept credit cards.

So the food is fantastic but one thing that makes you want to come back and what puts this place at the top of my Uptown lunch list (besides the chili) is Vic "the Chili Man" himself. I do not think this man has ever met a stranger. He always has a great story or conversation topic that has nothing to do with the weather, sports or politics. It is refreshing to say the least. If you are ever in a downcast mood, this man can lift your spirits with a good conversation or story. He is not intentional about it, it is just who he is.

Come for the dogs, hang around the cart for the conversation. Be prepared to repeat.