I'm so glad I made reservations here

I wanted to reserve a place that wasn't Italian or heavy in the Venetian or Palazzo for my group of 8 girls.  We arrived a little early for our reservation and was seated immediately.  My cousin told the waiter what we liked and didn't like.  He said he would create a meal according to what we wanted.  Everything was fantastic.  Below is what we had and its description:

Pork Gyozo-  Each dumpling was served on a delicious pumpkin puree.  Delicious!

Sushi Platter- We got 5 different types of rolls, 2 of each type.  They were all so good.  

Tiger Rock Shrimp- Yum!  If you like honey walnut shrimp then you will definitely like this.  It was perfectly made.  

Yellowtail Ceviche tacos- These were the best tacos I have ever had.  The sauce it came with was a yummy spicy foam hot sauce.  They were small but definitely satisfying.  They just melt in your mouth.  So good!  Probably my favorite thing there.  

Steak- The Steak was served with collard greens, potatoes, rice, and black beans.  It also came out with 3 different sauces that were all so good.  The green sauce was my favorite.  

Seabass on Skewers- This was served with some Peruvian corn.  The seabass just melts in your mouth.  They were perfectly made.  The corn was also really good and went perfectly with the seabass.     

Shots- Our shots came out beautifully presented on a shot tier.  Two of us didn't drink so our waiter brought out two that were watermelon juice so we could join in on toasting.    

Dessert- Dessert was a mix of the best vanilla ice cream, creme burlee, mixed berries, and banana.  It was nicely made and topped off with some sparklers.  

Everything was so tasty and beautifully presented.  The food wasn't just all Japanese.  It was definitely a fusion but everything went together wonderfully.  I think for us 8 girls it was about $75 each.  It was very worth it and we all left stuffed and happy.      

Our server took care of us really well.  I liked that he noted there were 8 of us and made the portions perfect for 8 girls.  One of our girls couldn't eat raw fish or anything spicy and he made sure she got her own individual thing.  He also made note that two of us couldn't drink and brought out shots for everyone with 2 virgin drinks.  He made great recommendations and was helpful.  He also took time to take a couple photos for us.  As for the the ambiance, it was beautiful.  We had a great time celebrating.