Worthy of my FIRST review!

Last weekend I was totally sick - I didn't want to go anywhere! The Boy wanted a quick lunch out and since he chose Mexican food (my favorite), I tagged along - fully expecting not to enjoy my meal since I was feeling so crappy.  I was so wrong!!

I ordered 2 chicken tacos (flour) off the ala carte menu, The Boy ordered a carne asada burrito and we shared chips, salsa and guacamole.  OH MY GOSH!!  The guacamole was super tasty - it has a strong cilantro flavor, which I'm not usually fond of, but I couldn't stop eating it.  Their homemade salsa was BEYOND amazing - I guarantee I ate more than my boyfriend because I didn't want to share it! It's a roasted onion and pepper mixture that I'm in love with!  It doesn't look like its going to be very flavorful, it's mostly greenish yellow, but it is definitely the best (non spicy) salsa I've ever had - no joke.

I can't really tell you about the carne asada - I tried it, but very quickly because I was so set on getting back to my chicken tacos.  I am normally a chimi, deep fried burrito, or flauta fan - I rarely order tacos.  I ordered their chicken tacos because I don't like rice in my burritos (only complaint for this place).  I'm SO GLAD I did. They are the BEST flavored chicken tacos ever!! The chicken isn't that gross, slimy dark meat some places use or the dry, bland white meat used at other establishments.  Their chicken is so moist and flavorful - I could eat a bowl of it all by itself!!  I love chicken and this might be the best chicken I've ever had outside my boyfriend's cooking!

Now - the icing on the cake - raspado.  You CAN NOT visit this place and skip ordering one - you will be missing out!!  I'd never had this Mexican snow cone before, but it is now one of my favorite desserts.  I ordered the strawberry-mango raspado, despite the fact that it was rainy and cold that day, because the picture of it was so enticing. I literally "mmmmmed" as I ate every bite.  I even willingly went to a store I normally roll my eyes over without complaining because I was so engrossed in eating my treat.  I was completely full half way through, but couldn't stop eating it and ended up beyond stuffed by the time it was all gone.

And who is serving all this wonderful food?? A sweet lady with a thick Spanish accent who I wanted to call Abuelita.  I can't wait to return and eat the exact same thing again! It was so amazingly delicious that I have no idea if I will ever try anything else on the menu because I won't want to miss out on my new favorite meal!