Okay people, so by now we all get the setup, right? Three floors, three different concepts (meatball (Emporio), pizza (Mezzo), and rooftop bar (Il Tetto)). I've had the opportunity to visit all three levels and have loved my experience at each.

The rooftop bar is absolutely lovely on a nice day. It has plenty of seating, a fantastic view overlooking Penn Ave, and delicious and interesting drinks. Unfortunately, the later in the night it gets, the more crowded it becomes, until pretty soon you're literally rubbing shoulders with random people around you. Unless you enjoy getting intimately familiar with increasingly drunk strangers, I'd recommend visiting Il Tetto earlier in the evening rather than later.

As for Mezzo, they serve upscale pizzas. On my particular visit, my friends and I shared the Quattro Fromaggi and Margherita pizzas. Both were incredibly tasty and well-seasoned with plenty of fresh cheese and a slightly sweet crust that was a perfect balance of crispy and chewy. They use high quality ingredients in their pies and it definitely shows. 

Of the three levels, my favorite is Emporio. It's the most casual of the three (although I'd still classify all three levels as fairly casual, just trendy). This level focuses on meatballs and sides. It's essentially a build-your-own kinda thing where you can choose from a variety of meatball types, pick your sauce, and then choose how you want them to be served (i.e., single slider, two meatballs on a panini, three meatballs on a grinder, or four meatballs served over a side dish). Not being a huge meat eater, I opted for their vegetarian meatball served panini style (two meatballs smashed with cheese) with the spinach-almond pesto sauce. My husband tried the spicy pork meatball panini with arribiata sauce. Then we split mac n' cheese and tomato risotto as sides. The food was absolutely delicious! Interestingly, they don't serve the sauce on the panini itself...rather, they give you a bowl of it on the side....or rather, they give you a small trough of it! I had more than enough sauce for dipping my panini with at least a half cup leftover to just straight up shotgun if I was so inclined. The paninis looked a little small and unimpressive upon first glance, but the meatballs are quite large and dense (even the veggie ones). It definitely was more than enough to fill us up. The veggie meatball isn't quite the same texture as a regular meatball (it was a little mushy), but it had excellent flavor and paired really well with the pesto sauce. My husband reported that his spicy pork balls paired nicely with his arribiata sauce as well. And as for the side dishes, they were both winners. The mac n' cheese was creamy and sharp....just how I like it. And the tomato risotto was perfectly executed...slightly al dente, creamy, a little sweet, and a little cheesy. Both sides were a great complement to our paninis. We left stuffed to the gills and quite happy.

Note that Mezzo takes reservations, but Emporio does not. Both do use the NoWait app though, which is quite handy since this place is popular and usually commands a wait on the weekends. I'd give it three thumbs up (one for each level) if I had an extra to spare, but two thumbs will have suffice.