Went with my friend today for dinner to try out  Indonesian/Malaysian food. We  ordered off the Winterlicious menu  and were left amazed. The food tasted excellent. The spices in the dishes blended perfectly( This was not spicy food that burnt the mouth, it was spices that brought out the delicious flavor in the food. I am definitely a fan and will return for more. The service was excellent although it saddened my friend and I to see only one server juggling five tables and still managing to deliver good service. So Matahari management, please schedule more servers to make dinner rush easier on yourselves. The lighting was very dim and we had to resort to annoying flash photography. Please increase the brightness of the lights so that  patrons can take pictures of the food for their memories. 

My review of the food was 10/10
We tried each others dishes and loved them. 

STARTER
Chicken Satay: The chicken satay was soft and full of flavors . It went really well with the peanut sauce and is a good way to start off an amazing dinner

MAIN
Char Kway Teow: Was very delicious. It had a very nice mild smoky flavor to it that did not overpower the ingredients.  The portion was very generous. It was a surprise with every bite since the prawns and other ingredients were placed beneath the noodles and the lighting was dim. It felt a bit like  a preview of eating in O Noir lol. Definitely Order it 
Nasi Lemak: Very well presented. The coconut rice blended well with everything else on the plate.  It was a different flavour with each mouthful . Order it, its good

DESSERT
Pandan Crepe:  The crepe is  just the right amount of sweetness with no excess sugar . Take one of the crepe pieces and just eat a piece by itself to taste its flavor It  is different from  that of a regular crepe. Although the dessert was good there were not enough  fruits accompanying the crepe Other pictures on yelp display much more fruit than what we got . Still a good dessert and a must try.  If u  order this, make sure you refer to other pictures on yelp where there are more fruit   served with the pandan crepe and have more fruit added.  We did not notice this initially  since we were focused on catching up  on conversations  and  were worried about the dim lighting affecting our ability to take pictures of the food for foodie memories