I have now been to this specific (and original) Los Dos probably 10 times, 4 of which are in the past 3 weeks.   I think they're starting to recognize my wife and I, which is cool by me.    

You want spicy?  They've got it - I've had food here so spicy I was sweating within 2 minutes, but you don't need to read my review to learn that.  They've got balance too, and less spicy items clearly indicated as such on the menu.   Los Dos has been featured in numerous publications and won countless awards over the years for their New Mexican style grub as well as for their margaritas and I don't hesitate to say that both are some of the best in the valley.  Plus, if you're a movie history buff (which I admittedly am not), Tom Mix used to live here. Look him up.   

Excellent spicy food?  Check
Excellent house specials?  Check
Excellent margaritas so damn big you can fit your whole face in the glass?  Check
Awesome patio with lots of random but cool memorabelia literally everywhere?  Check
Awesome staff?   Check

On my third to last visit, I had the house special Adovada Enchilada which is not your run of the mill enchilada -- it's a thick corn masa patty laid flat with all the stuff you would otherwise find inside a typical enchilada.   It was, frankly, one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten.   I also had a couple of their Sangritas (a face sized frozen marg mixed with their house sangria) which are refreshing yet deceivingly powerful.  I could have eaten more, and I could have drank more but that wouldn't have been prudent now would it ;) 

On my second to last visit, I had the house special Shrimp Veracruz.  Big ol' shrimp in New Mexico red chili and served over rice with beans and a flour tortilla.  Do you like shrimp?   Try this!   SO. GOOD.  And honestly I didn't find it all that spicy which was OK.    Couple of house margs / rocks / salt to go with it.   A great marg doesn't have to be a "premium" marg, it just has to be made with fresh ingredients and the right amount of ta-kill-ya.  They prove that with their house marg here.  

On this most recent visit (last night), I had the house special Carne Adovada Relleno with rice, beans and a few spare corn tortillas on the side, plus a couple of Negra Modelos on tap.   I recommend their Carne Adovada to anyone.  So incredibly tender and juicy.   And stuffed inside an egg batter wrapped green chile?   YES PLEASE.  It started off nice and spicy, but I got used to it pretty quickly.   

Get your butts into this place, and if you do show up when you think they should be open but they aren't, give them a try some other time.  Dinner between 5pm & 7:30 is a pretty safe bet on most days.