This review is for the location in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. =)

Right across from Earl of Sandwich, you can't miss it! The store itself isn't huge, so I can imagine it getting a little crowded in there, but it's stuffed with every type of candy you could ever want! On my recent visit I was greeted at the door by a smiley, happy employee named Lindsay. She asked what brought me to Sugar Factory and if there was anything she could help me with. I was there for a couture pop for my sister-in-law's bridal shower so she led me to the back of the store and introduced me to the wall of couture pops. She explained the different celebrity and signature handles and the differences in the refill flavors. We found the perfect combination of handle and lollipop flavor for my sister-in-law, I know she'll love it! $25, but it's a special event so i'll let it slide. My husband bought one for me while we were in there, even if he secretly thought it was a bit ridiculous. Best husband ever! I got the pina colada flavored lollipop and the Silver Rainbow (Kim Kardashian) handle. The lollipop was so yummy and lasted me a few weeks! Thankfully they come with plastic snap covers!

Lindsay gave us a short tour around the store (short b/c as I said the store isn't huge) and answered some questions we had about a few products. She even gave us some samples. =) She held onto all of my purchases and asked us where we were from. Found out later she went to college in my homestate, she was the 3rd person we met that trip in Vegas that was from OK lol. 

Anyway, getting off topic. Lots of dispensers in the middle of the room eagerly waiting for you to put a bag or a bucket under it's spout. They sell t-shirts but none of them are physically larger than an adult small, and that's the adult sizes. Lindsay was wearing a shirt marked XL and she was very tiny - sorry normal size people, no shirts for us. =(  Several yummy non-clothing items line the walls: rice krispie treats in the shape of a cupcake topped with chocolate (I bought 2), little cookies in different shapes, chocolate bunnies, larger-than-your-face old fashioned lollipops, adult candy necklace items, cupcakes, fudge, chocolate bars, unicorn pops, shot glasses (bought this too), drinks, you name it! I didn't get to sample their gelato or crepes but I hear they are delicious. 

Made it out of the store a little poorer, but it was worth it. Brought my mother-in-law back a few hours later and Lindsay was still working so she helped my mother-in-law out. VISIT LINDSAY, SHE IS ONE OF THE BEST EMPLOYEES THERE! =)