Dined here with the hubs and in-laws for restaurant week and it was SO worth it. Typically most restaurants are chaotic during restaurant week, not Lumiere. We came about a 1/2 hour before our reservations and sat at the bar. You can see directly into the kitchen from the bar and when I tell you the chef's we're just flowing. They were in a groove and it was pleasant to see, considering the packed place. Customer service is 10 out of 10. Even at the bar we had servers, managers and the bartenders making sure we were good and didn't need anything. They have wine specials going to by the way. French food without wine? Never :) 

Of course the restaurant week menu is modified. So here goes it. Amuse-Bouche was fresh baked french gougeres and sweet corn bisque is the first thing that came to the table. The bisque was OUT OF THIS WORLD! Too bad is was just enough for a taste. I would've gladly taken a bowl. First course, three of had the shrimp bouillabaisse, mom-in-law couldn't pick just one and the restaurant accommodated that (WIN). Mom-in-law had the escargot and the spanish octopus. She said it was the BEST escargot she's ever had and she is very well traveled as well as a super foodie. First course was a hit. Second course hubs and I had the Pork tenderloin with lobster mac and cheese, dad-n-law had the catch of the day (swordfish) and mom-n-law had the duck. Again grand slam. I wanted more mac though, it was an extremely small portion. Dessert I have the richest chocolate torte I've ever had, delicious but couldn't finish it. In-laws had the Salted butter apple galette which I know was good bc they scraped the plate. 

While the portions were small, I left feeling very satisfied and not overly stuffed. Mother-N-Law said this place is in her top 3 restaurants. Our server was Joey, who did an amazing job serving us and creating a wonderful experience (and he's NEW there). All of the staff we encountered was exceptional. Needless to say...we will definitely undoubtedly be back!

Here is the restaurant week menu for 2017 - http://www.charlotterestaurantweek.com/articles/charlotte-restaurant-week-472865-472865/lumiere-french-kitchen-15933273/