With a few exceptions, I've never met an owner of a local sandwich shop who takes so much pride in his work, and offers such outstanding customer service - not only from himself, but from his employees as well. Crostini wants you to have a great sandwich and a great experience ordering it, paying for it and, eventually, eating the glory that is their food. 
With that said, I have to say that everything on their menu is a testament to the management and ownership WANTING you to have a great meal; not just wanting to make a buck. To wit: I've trod nearly every item on their menu (they're in my neighborhood) and have had the experience of a few sub-excellent sandwiches. This isn't to say they were bad, but merely not amazing. 
The owner and staff recognize my face from so many visits and often ask me about how my last sandwich was. Being a former chef, I'm not too afraid to speak truth to their queries. On the rare occasion that something wasn't up to mine, and presumably their, incredibly high standards - they took my comments in stride and more often than not I would later find the item either removed from the menu or re-tooled into a culinary masterpiece of sandwich art that is their forte. 
With all that backstory aside, I just can't speak highly enough about their food. My go to sandwich, for when I just don't even want to think about what would taste amazing while satiating both myself and my wife, is the Spicy Chicken Sandwich. Its simplicity is sublime, its execution near flawless (maybe 1/3 less mayo and 1/2 more lettuce would help it reach nirvana). Spicy, but not unbearably so, it comes with an assortment of flavor profiles that meld into a thing of beauty. 
If you're looking for something more simple, and possibly more Chicagoan (you damn FIB), their various Italian beef incarnations are all equally perfect in their own special way. 
My cut and dried, highly compressed review of the place would be this:
"If your sandwich doesn't taste amazing, it's because you chose something you weren't in the mood for, not due to any issues with the recipes or a failure of a dutiful lack of execution."
All in all, Crostini is a little miracle on North St. 
In a space once operated by Milio's; slanging bottom of the barrel meats and vegetables for an equivalent price - there now stands a shop so invested in your gastronomical pleasure that they offer free homemade (delicious) chocolate chip cookies to all comers, and, with the utmost sincerity, want you to become addicted to their food. 
I wish every person in the world the ability to dine on one truly delicious sandwich in their life. 
I'm proud to say that the location to achieve that aim in just two blocks from my house, on the near East-Side. 

Insiders aside: always ask about their specials. Yet another facet of this place that has never let me down, so long as it was something I was in the mood for.