Rumor has it that this used to be a BBQ place in the recent past and I believe they still might be using the smoker in the back to add some delicious hints of smoke to their yummy meats. Nice!

Came here during the Christmas holidays with my wife and liked it so much that I came back the next day. The menu is very simple with just the right amount of items. Sometimes that is the best way to keep things really fresh and tasty without going overboard. They even make homemade Tortillas for their Tacos and Gorditas which are really outstanding.

Ordered mainly Tacos on the first visit and was not disappointed. My wife tried the Carne Asada and a Carnitas Taco and a side of their yummy Bean Soup. Yours truly went with a Beef Tongue, an al Pastor, the famous Chiwas Taco, and a side of Bean Soup. It was so good that we ordered a few more tacos including the special of the day which happened to be Goat and BBQ Beef Cheek.
 
Everything was amazing and presented in a very old school way on some plastic plates. The textures and flavors of the meats were spectacular and just melted in our mouths. They also have a very nice Salsa bar with some really cool choices to enhance your dishes.

The next day ... ordered another one of their famous Tacos Chiwas, a Rajas stuffed Gordita and a Shredded Red Chili Beef Burrito and was truly satisfied with those items as well. Tried really hard not to overeat like the day before to some success.

Service is friendly and rather quick. You basically order at the counter and they bring it to your table. Perfect amount of time to grab a bunch of goodies off the salsa bar and do a little munching before the food arrives.

This is one of those buried treasures and from the sign outside you can see the remains of an old Dairy Queen that stood here years ago. The parking lot is small but you can also park on the other side along the fence.

This is definitely my new favorite Taco Places at the moment and it even made some noise in the local PHX Magazine a while back. Hurry in and get yourself something wonderful. Try not and eat too much or you might need a delightful cat nap afterwards. QUE FANTASTICO!

4.75 STARS