Just another taqueria? Nah, more like the perfect spot for my milestone review #900.

Taqueria El Buen Pastor is a local chain which I've enjoyed for years their street corner truck on Las Vegas and Bonanza. When I heard that they'd be opening a new brick and mortar near me, I was excited. When I drove by and saw the "new open" banner, I got even more excited. They're the kind of delicious, cheap, and local place which I tend to favor over chains and fancy restaurants. Regarding "cheap" though, be forewarned that the to-go menus are not updated with the accurate, higher prices...

I found time to stop by shortly after lunch rush on a Wednesday. I found it as anticipated in the old Baja Fresh location in the southwest corner of the Galleria Mall Ring Circle (the road around the mall, not the mall itself) right by Blaze Pizza, and I was happy that it wasn't crowded as I'm sure it will be soon. When I asked the cashier, she replied that they're indeed offering the 2-for-1 tacos al pastor for Wednesday, which has sadly been discontinued at the truck. (Also available on Wednesday: BOGO tortas ahogadas, which would be suitable if you're able to find a friend or want some leftovers. I'll probably fall in the latter camp for my next visit.)

The tacos al pastor ($2.50) are almost as good as what I've had so many times at the truck, 
meaning that I'd still favor this over other taquerias. The marinade is flavorful and the final product even with diced pineapple isn't too sweet. Add on cilantro, onions, and orange and spicy salsas from the condiment station on the side, and it's just what I need on a Wednesday.

Thankfully, I also decided that it was finally time to try some other meats ($3 tacos, for the ones I ordered). They're no slouch. The lengua may be my new favorites in town because they're delicious and surprisingly tender. The buche is at least close if not equal to my favorite. The tripas - when asked, I ordered them crunchy - are "cleaner" than other offerings, which may be a plus depending on your feelings on that aspect of tripas. I'd say that these are different but equal. Also, my plate came with a very small side of chips and refried beans, which were both very good.

This is an order-then-sit-down place, and there are plenty of seats, whether you'd like tall counters at the windows or more typical tables. It's unusually spacious around the entrance, but the interior is certainly large if not cavernous. Prices are higher than at the truck, but I'm more than glad to live with that because of the convenience of not having to go far and also being able to find parking and seating.

Taqueria El Buen Pastor is one of the best taquerias in town, and they're now in Henderson. Check them out if you're a local or just passing by, especially if it's Wednesday!

(UPDATE 3/14: The $3 taco de asada is nothing to write home about, but the $2.50 taco de cabeza is pretty solid.