Service service service!!! This place did nothing short of amaze me on my first visit, that I had to go back again a week later just to see if it was a fluke. And no sir it wasn't!! 

So my younger sister and I were driving in this area wanting to grab lunch before errands. I've seen this establishment many times as we live in the area but not until now finally made it into Fish N Bowl. We were immediately greeted and felt warmly welcomed... Like someone welcoming you into their home. It was genuine and pleasant. 

The first thing I noticed while browsing the menu was that the other customers that seemed to be regulars at this place had a great personal relationship with the servers and sushi chef. The sushi chef was very personable and was sincere when talking to these guest about their conversation was. I remember thinking seems like a place where everybody knows your name type spot lol ... Okay so I mention that because on my second return a week later, that same sushi chef was the one to greet us at the door and he asked if we would like to sit in the same place we did last time... Woah! Either they get no business/few customers or he really has a awesome memory. I'd like to think he cares about his work and their customers that he just remembered lol okay anyway

So another plus about this place is they have lunch specials 7days/week!! And they have a great variety lunch special offers to pick from! I was pleasantly surprised that for small homey type sushi establishment had a good variety options for their lunch specials. I'm all about deals and specials. Their menus are cute, and all their packaging for their chopsticks have their Fish N Bowl logo, which shows to me, they care about their brand and spend the money to market it. oh, and they have On The Wall Menu Items!! I highly recommend trying something off the wall! 

The Salmon Kama is one of the main reasons this place is getting 5stars from me! For $7.99 you get not one salmon collar bone (kama) but TWO - along with two fillets of the Kama!! Season and cooked to perfection, provably one of the if not the best Kama I've had in Vegas! Very juicy and had this beautiful delicious light sauce to accompany the dish. Definitely didn't need it but it was a nice addition for more flavor. For it, that's what sold it for me on the 5stars!! It's a must try! 

I also have to say what also solidified the 5stars was their Yellowtail Poke Tacos!! Stuffed with poke to the brim as it's spilling out with perfect wasabi aioli sauce, it was absolutely delicious and a must try. It was recommended by our server so I s/o to her for the awesome recommendation. I have to say the tacos were better than the poke tacos at District One which are spoken highly of

So I also ordered the bento box the first time and had spicy salmon roll and assorted tempura in my box (comes with rice and cucumber salad) and the tempura dipping sauce was so good!! Definitely not your standard tempura sauce. They added some nice flavor and spice to give it a bit of a kick but was soooo good!! 

On our second time around I ordered garlic butter super white grilled fish that lays on a bed of brown rice (plus they have brown rice!!) and mango salsa!! What I loved about this dish besides the amazing combination of flavor between the garlic butter and mango salsa was the two cuts of fish to rice ratio was perfect... 

And both times for dessert, the macha affagato is such a fun little dessert experience. It's like a green tea float but the green tea is hot! Very good dessert option, along with their other options like tempura fried ice cream and mochi. 

The establish is super cute!! It's located in a small plaza that lines a sonic and jiffy lube so parking tends to get limited. But otherwise they have cute sushi displays and a large Yoda Lego figurine along with sushi socks and other cute stuff. 

The staff was super attentive and personable and they were super cute and happy when we said we were enjoying our meal. Chef Howard even jokes around and thanked me for posting video of the macha affagoto on yelp. I thought that was nice of him to even thank me. He didn't have to. The music also set a nice sorta ambience totally not expected for a small sushi joint. They were playing soft soothing jazzy swing music like Billy Holiday, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin etc. it was a pleasant sound in an unexpected way. 

My sister and I felt not only feeling full, but happy! And not happy coz I'm full but happy coz we just had an overall awesome experience. To me, that's what really creates a five star experience!! I am a believer and I am a fan!! 

So if you're craving good quality sushi but not wanting AYCE, this is a great pick and my new spot for such cravings!  yum yum yum