After a long plane journey, my awesome friend T picked me up from the airport and I wanted to treat her to a delicious dinner as thanks.  She had emailed me the link to the Post Gaz's early bite on Avenue B and I couldn't wait to try this new place just down the street from me.  We picked up our veggie friend K and headed out.  Little did we know we were there for the opening night!  The space is intimate and warm and completely and totally different than when it was Istanbul Grille.  Two giant chalkboards display the daily specials - 3 apps, 3 mains and a dessert.  The desserts sounded so good we saved room.  I had the Kobe meatloaf over chevre chive mashed potatoes with oven roasted tomatoes and crispy onions.  It was SO GOOD - the meatloaf was moist and flavorful.  I ate every bite.  T had fish and chips which were delicious, the malt vinegar aioli was a great addition.  K had the soup special, a butternut squash and chili concoction that she really enjoyed.  She also had the beans and greens flatbread which she thought was okay.  We had a little snafu because the waitress said this dish was vegetarian but it actually comes with sausage which was discovered after a few unfortunate bites by our veggie.  However, we were understanding as it was the first night.  So veggies, double check on this - it might have been nice to comp the dish for this mistake.  The desserts were delicious, we shared the sundae with marshmallow, pumpkin, and maple ice creams and also the malted chocolate torte with dulce de leche ice cream.  They were very good even for me who isn't that into dessert generally.  It's BYOB which is great - there is a corkage fee (don't remember how much)

Overall it was a wonderful meal and I'll definitely be back often.  I had enjoyed the chef's food at the Red Room but I enjoy this relaxed atmosphere more and the changing and seasonal menu will be fun to explore.  They're only open for dinner now but plan to do lunch and brunch in the future.  It's too expensive for everyday or to grab takeout when I'm tired but for a nice night with my honey or a girls nights out it would be perfect.  T didn't let me treat in the end so we'll have to go back soon (twist my arm!)