Upon entering, it seemed like it was simply a take-out joint, but we noticed there was some seating behind the cashier counter. There's an area at the back of the restaurant with a large communal wooden table as well as a small patio behind the restaurant. Although it wasn't too busy when we arrived for a late lunch on a Saturday, I imagine it's a pretty popular lunch spot. 

The menu is written on the blackboard and all the options sounded mouth-watering. If you only get their soups, they range from $7.99 to $8.99 which is a bit pricey. They also offer a soup combo which comes with a wrap and a bowl of soup for $10.99. I believe the portion of the soup that comes with the combo is smaller than a regular order of soup. 

I ordered the curried lamb wrap - with roasted yams, baby spinach, mango pineapple salsa, lime chili and mint cilantro. I was surprised to see that they made the wraps fresh to order. It certainly isn't fast food since after assembling them, they heated them up on the flat top.  It was a decent sized wrap, filled with a generous portion of lamb. I liked that they wrapped the filling inside the baby spinach so the tortilla didn't get all soggy. The flavour of the wrap was amazing. The curry was really flavourful and the meat was tender. All the ingredients just went really well together.  I highly recommend this!

I also ordered the corn chowder - with blue crab, thai basil and crispy shallots. The wrap and the soup came served on our own personal lazy susan's, which was something definitely different! The crab in the soup was nice and the crispy shallots were a great garnish to the dish. The soup itself was great, but I actually found my wrap to be better than the soup.

My boyfriend ordered the roasted free range chicken wrap - with roasted yams, baby spinach, caramelized onions, tomato chutney, chipotle mayo. This wrap was another winner. The combination of all the ingredients worked really well and the chicken was nice and moist. 

He also ordered the Porcini mushroom wild rice bisque - with crispy shallots and truffle oil to go with his combo. This soup was out of this world. It had a strong mushroom flavour and was simply delicious. Definitely order this if you're a fan of mushrooms!

Although the place itself is one of those hole-in-a-wall type restaurants, the food itself makes up for the lack of décor and atmosphere.