So my coworker is from Guatemala, so he has known about Pollo Campero forever.  Last week at work he tells us about this new chicken spot all the way on Craig.  Being the food ninja that I am, i was naturally curious.  So I began my Sunday Funday with a drive out to North Las Vegas for a chicken adventure.  But before I went, I did my due diligence  and checked out a few reviews on Yelp.  Thanks to Nelson Q for recommending the empanadas.  

The first thing I do when I go to a fast food join is the look at the windows and see what the specials are.  An 8 piece for $12 sign caught my attention.  I got there at noon and there was hardly a line.  Maybe 3 or 4 people in front of me.  There was a ton of chicken already cooked under the warmer, so I knew i wouldn't be waiting forever to get my chicken.  When it is my turn to order, I get the 8 pieces of chicken... asked for it half fried and half grilled, legs & thighs and a chipotle empanada.  The cashier informs me that they have 3 empanadas for $5.  This was great news, because I was pretty curious as to how all 3 savory empanadas tasted.  I paid for my food and as I was getting my drink, the cashier came over to me and said it would be a 20 minute wait for grilled.  I told him to give me all fried, which ended up being 2 legs, 2 thighs, 2 wings, and 2 breasts.  

Took less than 5 minutes to get my food.  I like that the dine in orders actually come on plates.  It made me feel like I was eating at a friend's house rather than at a chain restaurant.  Albeit plastic plates, they are much better than wafer thin Styrofoam plates you get at most fast food joints.  

On to the good stuff... the chicken... oh my word... what can I say about this chicken... when you first bite into it you get the crunch of that crispy skin.  It was almost like biting into a chicken skin chip!!  Then you get that unique flavor of the chicken.  I have no idea what type of marinade, spices, or herbs they used... but my mouth was instantly transported to flavortown!!  Don't even get me started on the chicken breast.  They were cooked to perfection!!  I've never had a chicken breast so tender and juicy.  I swear it was softer and juicier than the thighs were.  Simply amazing.  Chicken fried to perfection with a total unique flavor that I have never experienced in my life.  I'm going to make a bold statement here... Pollo Campero has the best tasting fried chicken I have ever eaten!!  There you go, I said it.  Mark my words.  Best fried chicken EVER!!  

I've known Nelson Q for a while, so I trust his opinion.  If the man says to get the empanadas, you get the empanadas!!  And boy let me tell you, this man was on point with this suggestion!!  The dough of the empanada is light, flaky, and crispy.  I was expecting it to be thicker and heavier, but they were so light and fluffy.  Such a nice surprise.  The buffalo was the first one I ate.  I'd say it was just ok.  The next one I ate was the chipotle empanada.  This one was much tastier than the buffalo.  I loved the taste of the filling.  I can't quite describe the taste, just that after you try it, all you'll be saying is wow that was good.  Last but not least was the chili verde empanada.  As good as the chipotle one was, I'd have to say the chili verde was my favorite.  My mom also agreed that this one was her favorite.  Everyone knows that mom's are always right!!  I really liked that there were chunks of chili tucked inside the empanada.  All empanadas are filled with chicken along with their respective "sauces."  

I highly recommend this place to anyone unsure if it is worth the drive to North Las Vegas.  Grab your keys, get in your car and get going!!  You will thank me later, this I promise.