Listening to the music on La Piazza's web page might be a very good way to add a dimension to this review. See (and listen) here. ;-) http://www.lapiazzaalforno.com/

This jazzy tune delivered in Italian seems so consistent with the character of this place when we had dinner there. We loved it and we recommend it to others.

Great Yelp reviews aside, we were skeptical given we'd heard La Piazza was featured on the Food Network show "Diners - Drive Ins - and Dives" (aka DDD). Typically, anything with a DDD nod makes us run in the other direction.

Fortunately, we didn't like the DDD connection dissuade us.  It was a delightful experience all around to eat at La Piazza.  Even if we did have to wait in line for more than 45 minutes for a table.   Because while the perfectly charred and chewy crusted Neapolitan style pizza was very good indeed, there were so many other ingredients in the recipe resulting in this five star review for La Piazza. 

From the owner's friendly and funny persona as he came out to call names (he could take his act on the road and get paid for it), to the top notch service that started out by thanking us for coming and for waiting for a table, to the really good food, to the ambiance, to the friendly retired member of New York's Finest and his wife we met who sat at the table set close enough to ours that it was as if we were sharing the same table, it was great eats and hospitality and company combined.  

THE VIBE:
That the night in question was so pleasant is also a testament to the owner and the family and others who make up the staff. Because this night was a fundraiser for the family of a young Glendale police officer who had been killed in the line of duty just a couple of weeks earlier. 

The fallen officer's family was in the restaurant that night, as were a stream of other Glendale officers and firemen who came and went to pick up orders and pay their respects.  It's why the folks at the table next to us were there on that night, and us too.  In remembering this young man, there was community celebration at just the right level of being respectfully subdued that his family present embraced too.

It is the neighborhood place vibe of the restaurant, and an "all people are welcome here" audience that made La Piazza a wonderful place to be part of for that. People waiting in line and joining in the restaurant included folks of all ages, from seniors with walkers to infants in strollers to Vietnam war vets proudly wearing emblems of their service to people wearing Harley rider attire to people who seemed to be on their way home from the office to retirees who seemed to have come off the golf course and even a few tourists, like us, in the mix.

GREAT SERVICE:
Even though the restaurant staff and kitchen were "slammed", they didn't miss a beat in being friendly and efficient with beverage and food orders taken and delivered in amazingly short order given the crowd.  Service staff from appearing to fill water glasses right after seating through taking the order, delivering the food and providing the check seemed genuinely happy to have customers there and it made us feel pretty happy to be there too.  (And to tip generously as well.)

FOOD - WINE - VALUE:
Delicious food and a reasonably priced list short list of wines by the glass were also an excellent value. Two glasses of nice Aglianico PLUS a green salad, PLUS a delicious pizza topped with housemade mozzarella, arugula and parmesan PLUS a piece of housemade cheesecake and good (Italian roast?) coffee was just about $35.00 before tip.  

The folks next to us said their chicken Marsala and the lasagna were both tasty too.  So more than only pizza here if you're inclined to eat something other than. (But really, with pizza this good, why would you?) 

The cheesecake is worth special "do not miss" mention.  Our waitress shared the funny story that she liked the cheesecake so much she asked the owner's wife if she could have the recipe and was told "Are you kidding?  I had to marry into the family to get the recipe." 

ACCESSIBILITY:  
Level in and all seating on one floor, although space can be tight there were people in the house using walkers and wheelchairs.

DRAWBACKS: 
Parking is scarce in the area. Table spacing can be too tight for comfort. The waiting line can be long on nearly any night we're told, unless you're there by 5:00.  

But the wait is worth it for sure.