You know, I hadn't really thought much about it, but Boca Park was lacking a fine dining experience. Mixx fills that void, but without breaking the bank. This review is only for their happy hour, but between the atmosphere, food, and service, I hope they do well. 

I'd received a coupon for 2 complimentary well cocktails with no purchase necessary, so I wanted to high tail it over there to use them before they expired. I noticed that Mixx also had happy hour between 2:30-6:30 (and a reverse happy hour as well), so I figured a bite would help soak up the alcohol.

The space is gorgeous. It consists of a standard patio area with misters on the outside, but the inside is sleek and modern, dark woods, reds and blacks. They have a huge cast iron skillet in the middle where you can watch the chef prepare your meat, and a "bar" of meats and accoutrements for you to select to craft your meal. As I was not getting a full dinner, this wasn't necessarily of interest to me that night, but it was pretty cool to see.

Joshua, one of the managers, was fantastic, and gave me and my party a full tour of the space and explained the concept of Mixx. Apparently, they will bring in DJs and have dancing on Friday and Saturday nights as well. I'm a sucker for dancing, and there's nothing like that in Summerlin, so I will definitely be back for that!

After our tour, we settled in for happy hour noshing. Although there are only 4-5 items on the happy hour menu, the 3 we sampled were excellent. The 2 mini burgers were just enough food to be satisfying, had great flavor, were juicy and delicious. I was expecting only a few fries with them, but they came with a pretty decent serving of thin cut French fries. The truffle fries we also ordered were a bit unnecessary given the fries with the burger, but also tasty (to our server's credit, she did try to warn us!) My friend got the hummus, and it was a large serving, with pita bread and veggies. I'm not big on hummus, but he enjoyed it. Oh! The bread they served before the meal was fantastic- warm, soft, and doughy, just the way I like it!  Our drinks were well prepared.

Service was a tiny bit spotty, sometimes it was very attentive, and other times, there were long gaps. Most noticeably, getting our bill took quite a long time. Other than that, Kat and the service staff were great! 

I'm interested in trying a full meal at Mixx, and definitely returning for a night with a DJ. I'll certainly return for happy hour again!