Affordable prices. Good business hours. Ive had the bobas and some salads there good. I like this place because its mostly empty and if anyone does show up they just eat and run. Ive noticed people these days dont spend much time enjoying what their eating and examining the flavor of the food anymore. If people would spend as much time as they do with their phone it would be great. With that said, I think the k-pop music playing in the background might just make you pay attention to the food.

  Its a young persons restaurant if you get me. Just the K-pop idols are everywhere around the walls haha. I would advice you to spend some time researching what k-pop is so you wont have that face like you just walked into the twilight zone. For you k-pop people you will like this place because it has the music, the tv shows on the tv and the affordable prices. I dunno how to describe the place though cause it has sushi, boba, teas, salads, and ramen. It's kind of like a mixture of whats popular around Asia. YeaH thats it! Ha! If you are immersed in the Asian scene than you will find this place enjoyable for a short period of time.

  Place is great to get work done. I spend hours doing work. Sometimes I am dead broke, but have enough to buy my time with food and drinks. So I like the affordability of this place. One outlet near by tho. But just plan ahead and figure out how your going to go about it and you'll be fine. Oh yeah buy enough drinks and fill up your punch card and get a free drink. So this place is ideal for that! 

  I do wish they added something to the place. Whenever I walk in here i always feel like it needs something. Like a finishing touch. Maybe someone can incorporate Japanese Animation and more K-pop into the place. Like idk a big giant panda inside. Just like crawling around stealing peoples food. and eagles grabbing peoples plates and slamming onto the windows. (wtf am i writing hahahahaha)
Naw but seriously maybe like a little candy bar wrack, or some cute desserts, or maybe like a slide show of Korean fashion maybe? Just something. But I like the whole Asia theme now that I think about it.