I really thought i reviewed this place already since I'm basically here for any special occasion, but I guess not!

Union Social has become my girlfriends and I's birthday brunch spot.  Though the menu is limited, there are items that cater to all of our likings.  Of course though, we mainly come for the $5 mimosas lol.  Love their mimosas. I usually get the breakfast burger.  It is huge and wonderful.  Has everything you need for breakfast.  Bacon, egg, cheese, tomatoes.  The meal also comes with crispy smashed potatoes, fruit and a tiny shot of strawberry yogurt.  The meal is very filling.  Potatoes are great and flavourful. I'm not a fan of yogurt, so I can't say anything about it, as I've never tried it.   

I've also tried many items off their regular menu.  The nachos, OMG, the nachos.  These are THE BEST nachos I have ever had.  Get it with the brisket chili, you'll thank me later.  The plate isn't that big, so two hungry people can finish it off easily.  Toppings are on point, cheese is on point.  They aren't pinch with anything accept maybe the salsa, but if you ask, they'll bring you more no problem.  Seriously guys, if you love nachos and haven't been here yet, GO! The crispy buffalo chicken tacos are another must try.  They used to serve you 3 tacos but have since changed it to 2 tacos.  That's fine for me because I usually can't even eat the third one lol.  Also, at $7.98, I can't complain!

The number one item that has my friends and I coming back for more is an item on the dessert menu.  The fresh baked chocolate chunk cookies with vanilla ice cream.  I can't even find the words to describe how good this is.  You know how cookies sometimes get hard when ice cream is placed on top?  This does NOT happen at Union Social.  The cookies stay warm and soft down to the last bite.  I MUST know how these cookies are made, because they are seriously to die for.  

Like I mentioned, I come here for all occasions. I even had my birthday here this year.  It was Superbowl weekend and they were showing it, so I was surprised that it wasn't too packed and that the service wasn't affected.  Service here is usually fine.  I can probably remember only one time where service wasn't great, but for the most part, it's okay.