THIS place has shot straight to the number one position in my "best Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas" list.  There are a number of reasons as to why I think Juan's is #1 but for the most part: the food is fresh, cooked perfectly, unique, and consistently delicious; the service is probably the best I have experienced at a Mexican restaurant; their alcoholic beverages are nice and stiff (unlike most watered-down drinks at similar restaurants); the decor is actually really nice and comforting with great booths and TVs strategically placed around the whole restaurant; and, last but not least - the waiters and staff are AMAZING. 

Chips, salsa and bean dip were brought to our table within seconds of being seated. I really, really enjoyed the flavor and spice level of the salsa - it was unique, tasty, and definitely did not come from a jar.  The bean dip was great too. 

I ordered fish tacos my girlfriend ordered the Enchiladas en Tomatillo after our waiter highly recommended she try it.  

Before our food came, our waiter brought out some complimentary soup.  I'm pretty sure it was pizole or fideo, but I could be wrong. Either way, it tasted amazing and I actually finished the whole bowl. I never like the soup at Mexican restaurants, but the broth was so flavorful I found myself slurping up the entire bowl. 

My fish tacos were pretty good - the fish was crispy and flaky without that soggy-ness that often comes when you do not eat the fish fast enough. I enjoyed them (although they are no Phranks!).  The REAL winner were the enchiladas. Ohmygod I have never tasted enchiladas so delicious, creamy and unique. They had onions and white sauce and cilantro and chicken and cheese and it took everything in me not to finish the rest of my girlfriend's meal when she left the table to use the restroom. I highly recommend this dish. 

I will be back ASAP to try the flaming fajitas. The table next to us ordered some and all I could hear during the remainder of our meal were variations of "mmmm, ohmygod, did you try this? damn this is good."  

Also, we ordered a couple of Coronaritas, which were made with top shelf tequila,  and they were cheap AND fantastic. 

I wish I lived closer because Juan's has a great happy hour and Mexican restaurants never have great food AND great service.  Juan's definitely gives all other Vegas Mexican restaurants in this price range something to be scared of ... because they all need to step up their game.