Me and a lagging friendgirl were just going to get Earl of Sandwich, to save some money and get something quick to eat... but my cousins and brother were in line for the Bellagio buffet and text bombed me to get my ass over there to spend some quality time.

I acquiesced, and it took another 30 minutes before we arrived at the buffet, to see a MASSIVE line.  En route, I had received a text that we were already paid for, so just go to the entrance and call them.  I felt pretty VIP status walking past probably 140 people, and having my friend greet me to walk us to our corner booth.

On to the food.  I got a few slices of duck, which was meh.  But the prime rib.  Oh my god, the prime rib was good.  I could've eaten a few more slices of that, finishing with dessert, and still felt the $40 buffet dinner was worth it.  I didn't feel any of the veggies I got were especially flavorful.

My second plate was my "fish plate."  Although as soon as I started eating, I realized I should've started with a soup, followed by fish, and then onto the red meats... but oh well, it's a buffet.

I was surprised with the selection of fish -- I had 4 kinds.  The first was seabass, and it was ok.  It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't get a second serving.  The 2nd was swordfish, which had a more solid texture, but the flavor left something to be desired.  The 3rd fish, I forget the name of, but the casino corn sauce or whatever its called was a surprising delight.  The last was halibut, which proved to be a major disappointment.  There was a gritty texture, and the flavor was non-existent.

I also had the mint sweet pea soup, but... well, it was "interesting."  One small spoonful was enough for me (well, plus a second just to reflect on the flavor).

My third plate (yea, I was weaksauce that day) was my dessert plate.  Everyone at the table exclaimed that I was a fatty, and that I better finish all that dessert.  Oh man, the dessert was what I was excited about as soon as I saw what was offered here.

The apricot mousse was flavorful.  A bit tart for my taste, but a lovely smooth texture.  They had chocolate covered strawberries too, but my friend jacked mine.  I liked the cream puff, which had a strawberry in it, but my friend thought the cream sucked.  The carrot cake was awesome.  Now, to be honest, I only got the carrot cake because this white dude swooped in to grab 3 plates of carrot cake as soon as they were put out.  And I was like "OH SHIT, THESE MUST BE GOOD!" to which he replied "YEA they are! they finally made some more!"

And it was indeed GOOD.  It was moist... had a cream cheese top layer... minced carrot... ah, I don't feel like reminiscing the experience because its making me hungry.

The fruit tart was also a "hit" for me.  The key lime tart was my final dessert, and i was pretty stuffed, so I couldn't finish it.  But it was tangy and good.  My second biggest disappointment was not scoring a creme brulee which my brother and cousin raved about (the pastry section was out at the time).  And my biggest was being c-blocked by my friendgirl.

I was on my way to get that 2nd fish plate, when this cute girl looked my way.  But she glanced past my shoulder to see my friendgirl, so she quickly averted her eyes and moved on.  I thought about approaching her after, but she was sitting at a table with a guy that may or may not have been her bf.  I pussied out, and focused my attention on the pitting stomach pain.

4 stars became 5 stars because I didn't have a bad experience in the toilet after.  And did I mention that prime rib was fatty and delicious?