Sakana is a solid five-star restaurant. It isn't often that you find a high-quality sushi place for a cheap price. But Sakana is it. They have a large menu with tons of selections- cooked and raw- that everyone in your party would be sure to love! If you have guests that aren't fish/sushi eaters, they have some teriyaki dishes, salads, and miso soup, which is really good!

The first time my boyfriend and I came here, we ordered from the happy hour menu, which is really valid from open-close with the exception of on the weekends. The waitress brought us each a complimentary bowl of miso soup, which was a nice touch! 

They have a pretty decent variety on their happy hour menu, ranging from simple California rolls to Las Vegas rolls and other deep-fried, artistic creations. Thinking that the happy hour rolls were going be super small (being that the highest price on the menu was $5/$6) we initially ordered 8 rolls. When our waitress picked up our order card, she was kind enough to tell us that the happy hour rolls are quite large and that 8 was way too much! So, we took her advice and cut our order in half. I was a little skeptical of whether or not the rolls were really small or not, but to my surprise they came out and were HUGE! Each roll comes with about 6 pieces, but the pieces are thicker and larger in diameter than your average sushi rolls! 

The sushi is of obvious fresh quality. The ingredients as well are fresh. It's the worst when you get rolls that have brown avocado or mushy cucumber inside.. ick! The sushi is also really nicely presented. Our four rolls came out on a nice wooden cutting board. 

The second and third times we came here we ordered the lunch special and the sashimi deluxe. OH. MY. GOSH. I've never in my life seen such value! The lunch special comes with 6 pieces of California rolls, 2 jalapeno boats (jalapeno deep fried and stuffed with crab) and 6 pieces of nigiri. Not to mention it was delicious-- all for $10.95. The sashimi deluxe was even better. You get 12 FAT and LARGE pieces of fresh sashimi for $12.95!!! The best of the trio is the white tuna. I really have never had a piece of sashimi so good that literally you don't want to eat it because if you did that would mean you wouldn't have any left. 

Service is average, food is AMAZING. Food comes out quick, so it's a really good option if you want to go on a fast lunch break. Pictures are posted as well.