We came here during Restaurant Week for a special family dinner out. The location and facility are beautiful, the food is excellent, and the service was fantastic. 

First off, it is brilliant that they include the brunch menu along with the dinner menu. Everyone got excited about the brunch offerings, so I guess we'll have to go back to try that. 

Our waiter, Colin, and the other waitstaff were always on it: refilling drinks, clearing plates, and ensuring that everything about our meal was to our liking. We browsed the regular menu, but both my wife and I decided to order off the Restaurant Week menu so that we could try a wide variety of things. The kids both ordered off the kids menu (one had chicken fingers+fries and the other had macaroni and cheese -- nobody said they're adventurous eaters!)

My wife had a beef filet with mashed potatoes and sautéed spinach. She said the steak was cooked well and the potatoes were good, but she did not enjoy the spinach as much. She had a salad to start. I think it was a Caesar. The polenta "croutons" were something different.

To start, I had the soup of the day, which was a green chile stew with pork. It had a bit of spice to it and was FANTASTIC. If that is on the day's menu and you enjoy green chiles, I highly recommend it.

For my main, I ordered the pork tenderloin with bacon risotto and asparagus (see the picture!). Why have more pork right after the pork stew when I could have had beef? Honestly, the bacon risotto hooked me, and it was SO worth it. Creamy, bacon-y and delicious, it was a perfect accompaniment to the asparagus and tenderloin. The tenderloin had a nice crust on it and was cooked nicely in the middle, if just a slight bit more done than I make mine. People tend to like their pork more well done than I do, so that's to be expected and I thoroughly enjoyed it. 

For dessert, one of us got the chocolate cake and the other the strawberry shortcake. Both were presented nicely... but I did not get pictures. People dug into them too quickly and my phone is old. The chocolate cake was moist and just the right amount of chocolatey. I liked the accompanying berries and whipped cream. The shortcake was a little dry, but the abundance of strawberry compote and whipped cream more than made up for it. In fact, the cake being a little dry allowed it to soak up more of the strawberry goodness, which was OK by me. 

I was called the next day by a member of the management, Lorenzo, I believe, to ask if everything was to my liking and if I wanted to provide any feedback. I thought that was nice and told him that we had a great experience and we would definitely be coming back.