My boyfriend and his family are huge Los Angeles Kings Hockey fans. Every year The Kings play a preseason game in Las Vegas, and it always falls on my Birthday weekend.  This year mom wanted to join us so she could celebrate my birthday weekend with me.  To celebrate my Birthday she took me and my boyfriend out to dinner at Roy's at 7:30p on September 28, 2012.  I had an awesome Birthday experience!

We were lead to our table and handed customized Birthday Menus announcing MY Birthday!!!  This customized approach really adds to the reason's of why I'm glad I chose Roy's as my Birthday dinner place.  Our waiter Thomas, made for a very welcoming experience, his personality makes you feel as if you are right at home. He was very attentive and informative and was able to accurately describe all the dishes we asked about and make them seem tantalizing.  He also peaked our interest with some of the specials he described.  Throughout the meal we never had to want for anything as he was always available to serve us.

We decided we could order a few plates and share a bit as well.

To start -The Lobster California Roll:  I order variations of this roll at many places I frequent and Roy's did not disappoint.  Also the portion was a very good amount so that we were all able to share and there was still a piece or two left.

My Mom - Shellfish Sampler: The lobster tail was huge and very meaty.  It melted in your mouth.  The scallops we so tasty and also huge. The crab cake recipe was delicious.  The curry sauce drizzled over the meal was flavorful and just the right amount of spicy/smokey taste. They should really bottle and sell that stuff. Normally I don't go for alot of carbs but I couldn't stop eating the Macadamia Nut Pesto Risotto from her plate.  
Strawberry Daiquiri - How could you go wrong with this?  and Roy's did not disappoint. 

Me - Lilikoi Pear Salad: I love their Candied Macadamia Nuts! I was eating a salad but it definitely felt like I was cheating. There was plenty of Gouda cheese in the salad, unlike some restaurants who want to skimp on the expensive cheese.  The Asian Pears went great with the salad and the dressing balanced it all out.
DeLoach Pinot Noir from California - I loved this wine.  It was rich and had a slightly sweet red cherry or blackberry hint to it.

My Bf - Pan Seared Trout.  Again, the portion of the meat was more than expected. This fish was flaky and smooth.  The sauces and side dish pairings were detectible.
The Jalepeno Margarita - We are Tequila drinkers and our favorite mixed drink would probably be the margarita.  This is why this menu item piqued our interest.  This is definitely not your normal margarita but if you are in the mood to try something different it is one that I would recommend.

The Chocolate Molten Cake was very decadent.  The only problem was that I was stuffed! As the meal went on and on I was getting so full, but yet all the food was so delicious that I couldn't stop taking small bites of everything.  By the time the Chocolate Molten Cake arrived I could only squeeze in 3 or 4 bites.  Even as full as I was, it was the Best Chocolate Molten cake I have EVER had!  It was just crispy enough on the outside with a pool of creamy chocolate inside of light and fluffy cake.  So rich, but still edible. 

I would definitely recommend Roy's for any occasion.  Friends in town, Birthday, Anniversary, or just looking for some place to eat where you know you will get detectible food of good portions, no matter what you order, exceptional service and attentive staff plus a lovely ambiance.