I just had my introduction here for lunch today, and came away satiated and very impressed.   The list of available food choices in the newspaper menu is ginormous, and includes everything from breakfast omelets to a myriad of combinations of meat sandwiches , and even three types of pickles: a sliced whole Kosher Dill, bright green New Pickle spears, and pickle chips.  Step over from the dining room to the glass display cases near the entrance, and, in addition to several varieties of cream cheeses, a large array of pastry delicacies beckon, ranging from Seven-Layer Chocolate Cake to the largest Black and White Cookies I have to date seen.

Although I enjoy eating Nova Lox on a cream-cheesed bagel about once a week, when I go to a deli I am generally looking for a heaping meat-filled deli sandwich on rye.  So, foolishly I suppose, for years I was put off by the "Bagel" in the restaurant's title.  Now that I know better, I expect to get my deli fix here on about a bimonthly basis.  Although I found the Matzoh Ball Soup and corned beef to be on the same par as found at Carnegie Deli at The Mirage, here I will not have to pay an exorbitant valet parking fee for the pleasure of dining on the Strip, and I can get my mouth around the 1/4 pound sandwich halves--albeit barely so.  

My cup of Matzoh Ball Soup was excellent, except it could have used a bit more salt.  The Kosher Dill spears were right on, and the New Pickle spears barely ripe, as is normally the case.  The corned beef in my Corned Beef on Seeded Rye was moist and lean, just as I hoped, and the bread was also first rate.  Potato Salad and Cole Slaw were both creamy and delicious, and the French Fries of a superior grade.  Accompanying bagels were oversize and  noticeably fresh, and although my party of four hardly needed them, an assortment of bagel chips served with a pile of gray cream cheese were tasty as well.  I dressed up my sandwich with mild yellow mustard--although spicy mustard is also available--and luscious chopped liver.  By ordering an appetizer plate of Chopped Liver I could mete out what I wanted to smear on the rye with a table knife, and thus avoid a 1/2 & 1/2 deli sandwich combo, in which case I would be downing a quarter-pound of the artery-clogging organ meat.

It was a great tummy-filling lunch!  And my seat mates were equally pleased with their selections: a Tuna Salad Melt on Marble Rye, a Combo Corned Beef And Pastrami on Rye, and a Roast Beef French Dip with hot au jus and French Fries.