The Cabin Club holds a dear place in my heart as it was the first restaurant I took my fiancé to when we started dating. I thought it would be nice to take her there for an early Valentine's day dinner, since we were both so impressed when we went 2 years ago. I called and made reservations 3 weeks in advance and only had the option of 4pm or 9pm or later. Note to all: MAKE A RESERVATION, especially on the weekend. We opted for the early dinner and went at 4pm last Saturday.
 
We were one of the first groups to arrive, since they open at 4pm and were seated at a small 2 person table, a tad disappointing since there were some booths available but we aren't too picky. The restaurant is enclosed in a cozy log cabin and has a small area of tables on one half (hence the reservation recommendation) and another side with a nice bar and a couple of TV's lined up as well. Our server was Genevieve for the evening. She was very personable and went over the Valentine's day specials.
 
We started with the "special" appetizer of the night, the mussels. Melissa is obsessed with mussels and they aren't particularly one of my favorites but these were divine. 15 mussels, one in every shell in a white wine garlic sauce was a fantastic start. Melissa had the apple salad next and I went with the customer favorite, the lobster bisque. People this bisque is no joke, I honestly would have been happy just getting another bowl of this for my meal it was that good. Even the drinks were fantastic, I went with the Shanghai Moscow Mule (with a tint of apple, simply perfect) and Melissa had a small cocktail and glass of Moscato that she very much enjoyed.
 
Our main entrée was the Steak Christopher, which is twin medallion filets over mashed potatoes with béarnaise, asparagus between 2 prawns of shrimp. Have to say, my steak was not cooked to how I asked but it didn't matter as it was perfect. The béarnaise sauce and mashed potatoes go amazingly with the cut of meat. My only gripe was that the shrimp weren't all that great but I guess not everything can be perfect.
 
I have to say that this is a top notch steak joint on the Cleveland west side. We had great service, food that was priced correctly for the serving size, and a wonderful ambiance in the restaurant itself. Take your lady here for a nice date, you won't be disappointed.