This new Mexican restaurant gets 3 thumbs up from the Three Amigos.
We tried this place tonight with a Restaurant.com gift certificate in hand.
When we walked in we were the only customers in this strip mall location.
Decor in this large establishment  is very mexican and maybe even a little on the tacky side with all the streamers  and the like in the air and on the walls.  I guess you could call it overly festive.  In all of our opinions it could use some toning down.
They have only been open about 4 months and the specialty here is of course the Enchiladas. Our meal started with the typical chips and salsa.  Chips were decent and Salsa was chunky and a little kick.  We then had a great sopa de fideo.  A little salt & lime and the 3 of us finished our bowls. They offer about 9 or so different & amazing sauces and based on the 3 that we tried they were as good as you can get in this town. We tried the Verdes, Entomatadas & Morita. (see the pics of each).  When it comes to sauces they know what they are doing here and they are cooked to perfection  There are 3 price points starting at $9.95 for cheese or plain and then $11.95 for chicken or ground beef and finally $12.95 for beef or carnitas.  These are not your typical triple fold large tortilla enchiladas. They are  single taco size fold in half freshly made tortillas filled with your choice and smothered in sauce, queso & cream.  AND YOU GET 4 (FOUR) Now for a few dislikes from the gringo of the bunch.  The rice while just average had no flavor and was just too plain for a mexican rice.  Also, they only offer black beans. This gringo does not like black beans.  Right now they still have no liquor license which can be a killer for some mexican restaurants especially one as large as this.  We were told by our waiter who is the brother of the owner that they should have it by December 1st.
We were told that on Wednesdays they have all you can eat enchiladas, you pay for your first plate and then they will continue to bring you two at a time till your full.  
They have a huge chalkboard full of lunch specials with all kinds of taco, quesadilla and the typical mexican combinations. For those hung up on Pepsi as I am they only serve coke product here.
We all wish this new find of ours a long life in this hard market and they will for sure see us again in the near future as they do have the best enchiladas in town.