Ramen Hashi, where have you been all my life?!?! The ramen here is so good! 

We've been here 4 times already and each time the service and the food was great. The restaurant is located on Spring Mountain and Duneville (in between Jones and Lindell).

We've tried the Chicken Ramen, Tonkatsu Pork Ramen and the Chashu Don rice bowl. All were delicious!! 

My favorite is the chicken ramen. When we first came, the owner urged us to give his specialty chicken ramen a try. I'm more of a Tonkatsu girl, but he seemed so passionate about it I had to try it. 

I'm glad I did!  It's the best item on the menu. I added seaweed to the Chicken Ramen. The broth is flavorful, but not too salty. The ramen noodles are made in-house. The egg was perfectly cooked with the egg white soft with a gooey, runny yolk on the inside. Yummmm The chashu was tender and fatty. There were times when they served it nice and thick too! For those who like it hot, there's a spicy hot paste you can add to give the broth a nice kick.

The Tonkatsu ramen is also good. The Chashu Dom rice bowl was cut up Chashu w/ rice, green onion and crispy seaweed. This was also tasty! All dishes were full of great tasting flavors yet it wasn't so salty that you walk out w/ sausage fingers from all the sodium you've consumed. 

Service was always greet. Everyone greets us with a smile. They take care of us very quickly! The food comes out fast. 

The decor of the restaurant is clean and simple. The layout is a true Ramen Bar w/ an open kitchen concept where you can see the chef's cooking constantly. It's interesting to watch! 

When I came here with my husband we enjoyed two Ramen bowls for $25 w/ taxes and tip included so it's inexpensive to eat here. 

There's ample parking and a decent foot spa next door! There's also a Chatime that just opened up so you can go next door to enjoy boba after dinner too. 

Right now they're pretty slow, but each time I come it seems to get busier! There's only about 25 seats available in the entire restaurant so they can get busy quickly. 

Happy Dining, 

JT