Absolutely delectable!!!!  This is good, solid, scrumptious Jewish-style deli!!!  As someone who has been to The Rascal House, Ratners, The Stage, The Carnegie, Canter's, Jerry's, and numerous other wonderful dens of Kosher-style deliciousness, I feel that I can say with some authority that Jack's ranks up with the best of them!!!

To be fair, I haven't tried everything on the menu, but what I HAVE had has all been exactly what my taste buds were crying out for:

The corned beef is so beautiful, it'll make your mama kvell!!!  Juicy, succulent, full of wonderful flavor, stacked tall upon rye bread...sigh.  Why can't my hometown have a deli like this????

The tongue sandwich makes my mouth so explosively happy!!!  I realize that some people are squigged out by the notion of dining on this particular meat, but oh!!  It is divine!!!  And unlike many other delis I've been to in my life, this tongue is served warm, delicate, moist, perfect!!  So much flavor, so tender, not tough or chewy!

The cheese blintzes are so yummy, even though it's really gilding the lily to get them when we're also getting sandwiches, my partner and I can't help but get an order and share them!  Rich, buttery, a little crispy on the outside, gooey and sweet on the inside, so good!!  

The potato pancakes are crispy, flavorful, and HUGE!!  Served with the usual applesauce or sour cream, you can't lose with these!  And if you want to share these more as an appetizer with a group, they also have them in "mini" sizes!

The kosher dill and half-dill pickles are plunked down on the table, gratis, before you even order...mmmm!!!  Crispy, crunchy half-dills are my favorites!!  I can't resist!!!

There are a few less-than-desireable things about Jack's, don't get me wrong:  First, I wish they put a bottle of Gulden's Spicy Brown mustard on the table...instead, they just have the usual yellow stuff...if you like the spicy mustard, you have to ask...and they bring you a tiny squirt of some brand-x-tasting stuff in a minute sauce cup.  Come on, give me the REAL stuff!!!  And let me lay it on thick, the way I like it!!

I don't recommend the brownies.  It's unlikely that you came here for brownies, but on the off-chance that you did, they are expensive, overly-sugary, and have absorbed the flavor of the deli, so tasted a little bit like pickles to me!  Next time I'm at Jack's, I'll probably try the cheesecake instead (on the remote chance I still have room after my tongue sandwich!)!!

Last, this restaurant really has no ambiance, and the waitresses can be a little surly...so this is not a date restaurant, unless your date could care less about ambiance and just wants a mouthful of delicious food at reasonable prices!!  But it's a good "family" restaurant, can accomodate larger groups, and if you're in a hurry, you need go no further than the front lobby, where you can get your sandwich (which comes with a pickle and potato salad) to-go quickly!!

Whenever I'm in the Cleveland area, this is ALWAYS on my list of scheduled stops...in fact, we always bring a couple of pounds of corned beef home with us on the plane!!!  You can only IMAGINE how heavenly our luggage smells when we unpack :)