los dos molinos is like an acid trip. no, i've never actually been on acid, but it's kinda what i imagine it would be like. 

the first thing i liked about LDM.... it's not located in some strip mall or random parking lot. it's out in the boonies, man. as my brother drove us all out there, i kept thinking, where the hell are we going?

we got there and i was immediately giggly. it looked like a crazy person decorated it, and i love crazy people. there is no rhyme or reason to the interior design scheme, it's all over the place. for some reason though, it made me happy. the patio looked so inviting, but with the weather topping out at about 118 degrees that day, we decided inside was best. 

we walk in and there's no one around. no one. we actually started wandering around in their back kitchen and offices just to find someone.(it was very clean BTW) it was odd that the place seemed so deserted even though they had just opened. it felt weird no one was around to greet us. so we forged on.

finally, someone showed up and seated us. then, like some moon beam shining upon the masses, the crowd started parading in. we ordered one of their pitchers of sangria with an abundance of pretty fruit floating in it. we poured over the menu discussing our options like our lives depended on it. as someone who makes their own homemade sangria, i was especially impressed with their recipe. oh so good, and so refreshing.

next we all ordered. i got the carnitas dinner, the rest of our group ordered the relleno dinner, the tamales, the enchiladas. the carnitas were cooked exactly how i love..... juicy, but crispy on the outside. the rest of my dining companions chowed down like horny sailors at a whore house. one of those meals where there is more eating than chatting. 

as the dinner winded down, we ordered margaritas for dessert. i don't remember too much after that 5th margarita, but let me tell you, it was f'ing FANTASTIC!

los dos molinos means the "two grinders" (chili grinders) in spanish. but i don't really care, i just want to go eat their food and drink their tequila.

acudir de inmediato! los dos molinos.... te amo con todo mi corazon!