Seasoned Phoenix/Scottsdale area diners know the usuals when it comes to great pizza: Bianco, Cibo, Pomo....Il Bosco deserves to join that list. 

They serve pizza cooked in a wood-burning oven. Each pie (only one size here) spends about 90 seconds to two minutes in the oven. The result is fantastic. What separates great pizza from good? The crust. And the crust at Il Bosco is the right combination of the three Cs: char, crisp and chew that you can only achieve with an extremely hot pizza oven. If you judge your pizza on the crust, first and foremost, as I do, you'll love this place.

Of course, pizza is more than simply great crust. Pizza varieties, all named after women, should be enough to please everyone. Il Bosco offers a good variety of red and white pies. I didn't try any of the white pies yet, but they looked very good. I can heartily recommend the following red pies: Joanna, Elana and Lucia. Elana was my personal favorite, with mozzarella, olives and sopressata salami. 

Beverages are somewhat limited, but that doesn't mean you'll be disappointed. Bottles of wine are affordable. The Italian Pinot Noir was excellent at $25 for the bottle. They also have two types of beer on tap, Four Peaks Kilt Lifter and an Italian brand I cannot recall. Soft drinks include cane-sweetened colas and root beers.

Dessert options were also limited, likely because the pizza is so good most don't have room for dessert. The creme brule was topped with fresh fruit (strawberries and blueberries). The flavor was quite good, but I felt like it should have had a thicker layer of burnt sugar.

The size of the restaurant adds to its charm. By my approximation, it seats no more than two dozen diners at one time. Bill, the owner, was working with just two employees Saturday night. At times the action became frenetic, but they worked with a smile, and were never too busy to engage in conversation. Despite the fact that there were people waiting to be seated, we never felt rushed.

Get here before the AZ Republic reviews this place. Because the line will be out the door once the word is out!