I've been a fan of this place for a few years now. Its to the point when someone from work brings it for lunch, I can tell just from the salsa smell they went to Juans. LoL. The chips and salsa are always a listed item when we order to go from here, for about $1.30, you get a small (which isn't small) bag of chips and salsa. Always ask for extra salsa.

The shredded beef or chicken hard tacos are always fantastic, the fluatas (rolled tacos) are good here as well. You can get them in a combo with rice and beans at a very reasonable price $7.00-$8.00.

When you're sick? Go for the albondigas soup (meatball rice soup). It is soooo good and soothing to aching throats and it just makes me feel better when I'm under the weather. The broth is light but flavorful, with rice on the side, you can add or leave. It comes with flour or corn tortilla.

The have red and green chili corn tamales. Both are fantastic but I go for the green chili corn, extra sauce $2.00.

The service is always nice and professional when we stay in. They're quick to ask if we want a refil on soda, chips, salsa - check back a couple times to make sure you have everything you could want. Sometimes we'll call our order in and decide to sit and eat instead of coming right back to work. Their so easy about letting us do so.
When dining in, I get my order quickly. If we're calling in for lunch, we call about 1035AM, since our lunch is at 11AM and before their rush hour begins. So in all, there hasn't been a problem with getting out food.

When you first walk in for lunch, the sitting area looks small. But when it gets busy, they open the back area which has quite a few more booths back there. They have a flat screen going in the corner and also "bar" seating. The only thing that bothered me about this place is the Specials board is always under the t.v. at the far end of the dining area. You'll see it if you happen to go to the bathroom or know to look over there.

Oh yea, a large drink is extra large and medium is large. Sometimes I forget and have this delicious but HUGE Horchata, because I said large. This includes both the to go and dine in cup.