Upstream is right in the middle of Phillips place court so it is hard to miss. The surroundings are nice to look at and they have a huge patio area! The parking can get a bit hectic at dinner but I don't mind a bit longer walk to help burn off the calories.

I've been here once for dinner and several times for lunch. The decor is very upscale and trendy, although it can get a bit loud with the open kitchen. The time I went here for dinner, my friend Tom and I had just finished a gallery crawl in NoDa and weren't exactly dressed to impress in jeans and tshirts. However that didn't stop them from giving exceptional service! We were seated promptly by a cheery hostess and water glasses were discreetly filled during the dinner, every course was checked on to see if it was to our liking, and the food was excellent. They have some more interesting options for sushi here, I got the chef's special that night which was a butterfish bento, it was all extravagantly prepared fresh and delicious, and I was so busy enjoying my meal I didn't even bother to try out my friend's choice or remember much about it other than it had something to do with tuna. The only thing that might turn some people off is that dinner can get expensive, however if you stop by here for lunch the prices get much more reasonable while presentation and service remain phenomenal.

A few days later I was in the mood for seafood for lunch and remembering dinner headed here. After being seated promptly I ordered some tea (which actually have an extremely nice selection of) and a tempura shrimp bowl. Food came out in a timely manner, hot, and a killer presentation. I kind of did a double take at the shrimp in my noodle bowl, they were so huge these shrimp are like baby lobster size! On the next few visits here the food has been consistently great, and on the second trip for lunch, the servers even remembered my name, the type of tea I order and how I like it.

Personally I feel that people eat here and get turned off by the feeling that it is too uptight, but if you give the place a chance it's a gem. The service have always been friendly and attentive. While the dinners here can be a bit pricey and probably best reserved for special occasions, lunch here is extremely affordable and delicious. Probably my favorite lunch place in Charlotte so far.