I heard about Power Up Game Bar from a friend and since my birthday was coming up, I decided to get a group of friends and book a table for a Saturday night. I called early October to make a reservation for the Saturday of the Halloween weekend and they were in the middle of planning their own Halloween party. Chris was the one who kept in contact with me and he was great during the whole experience. They called me after they had confirmed their plans and told me the details well before the day. With the group reservation, we had to spend at least 300$ as a table and a 20% gratuity fee would be added on. This was clear prior to booking so it was very much appreciated that we had the information before going in. 

Upon arrival, it felt like I walked into a different world. The ambiance was definitely on point with a sci-fi movie set. We had a group of 8 so they sat us at the back which was somewhat isolated from the rest of the bar. This worked in our favour because it definitely got crowded the rest of the night with the amount of people there for their Halloween event. We were set up with the PS4 since it was the one that happened to be at that booth. After ordering some food and drinks with some of the staff, Chris also introduced himself to us and everything went smoothly. We played overcooked on the PS4 before deciding that we wanted to change over to the Wii to play Mario Kart. They explained that we couldn't switch to a booth with the Wii with our size of party but could provide us with the Nintendo Switch. We ended up playing Mario Kart, Bomberman, and 1,2, Switch. 

The food and drinks were pub-styled dishes. We ordered most of what was on the menu. Some of my favourites include the risotto balls, the chicken wings, and the potato wedges. I also loved the naked mole rat drink and our table ordered at least 6 between the 8 of us (some had repeat orders). The drinks on their special menu were more cocktail style and didn't have that liquor taste which was very much to my liking. They even gave our table a complimentary plate of churro rolls for "being a great group." 

At the end of the night, there was music going with a live DJ. Everyone was dressed up because for the Halloween party and it was a very social environment with people watching each other play their games and joining in. The staff were great and with the amount of people they had to serve, They made effort to check up on us. It was unique experience and it was a great way to spend the night if you're looking for a group activity. Definitely recommended!