So...it's been awhile since I have written a review for this place.  I have been back probably a dozen times, and it's still my favorite Neapolitan style pizza in Phoenix.  My buddy was in from out of town, and I wanted to take him somewhere good.  I was also going to branch out and try something new.  I had been eyeing their Linguini with Clams in red sauce for awhile now and decided that I would order it during this most recent visit.  We drove down, parked, walked down the block and then made our way inside.  We were seated immediately and placed our order.  I went with an order of the Linguini and Clams in Red Sauce, my buddy went with the Chicken Marsala, and we split a Dolce Diavolo pizza.  

Before we even get to the food, I would like to give some props to all the employees that work here.  I have always had great service, and they always remember who you are.  There is a guy named Sean (not sure on the spelling of his name) who is flat out awesome!  He is always very personable and we always shoot the shit for a few minutes whenever I am in there.  He recognizes me every time I come in and asks how I have been etc.  Great, great, great customer service!  All the other servers are great too.  Even had a chance to meet the owner, Justin, and we talked NY Giants football for a minute.  They have a great group of people working here!   On to the food................

Linguini and Clams in Red Sauce-  Like I said earlier, I had been eyeing this one for awhile now.  Problem is, their pizza is so damn good, I never branched out to try anything else.  I had my mind made up though, and knew I was going to get it.  I was glad I did!  This pasta dish comes loaded with clams!  It had whole clams as well as diced/chopped clams.  This was piled on top of perfectly cooked linguini and mixed with a delicious red sauce/broth.  It also came with 2 triangular pieces of bread.  Man...this dish was fantastic!  Portion size was huge, the clams were awesome, and the red sauce had a bit of spice to it.  It was probably the best pasta dish I have ever had at a restaurant.  Yes, it was that good!  The kicker, it was only $11.00.  That is a steal for this dish!  I'm sad I never ordered it sooner.  I will order this from here on out!  My buddy said he loved his chicken marsala, too!  He was very impressed.

Dolce Diavolo Pizza-  This is my go to pizza.  I either go with a plain Margherita, or this one, 90% of the time.  This pizza has sopressata, Calabrian chiles, mozzarella, basil and honey!  This pizza is fantastic!  The combo of flavors are absolutely awesome.  You get the spicy sopressata, the creamy mozzarella, the heat from the chiles and the sweet from the honey.  This is all laid upon a great crust.  A little bit salty, a little bit soft, and a great chew.  It's a very unique pizza and its incredibly delicious.  It is also the only place in the Valley that I have contemplated ordering a second pizza once I was finished with my first.  I can put down pizza like nobodies business, but am usually content when its gone. I have never actually ordered another one, but always think about it..and only here!  The pizza is that good! 

I don't know if I could have asked for a better meal!  The pasta and pizza combo was insanely awesome!  Out the door with tip and everything, it was less than $25.00.  For that quality of food, friendly service, and huge portions, it's an incredible bargain.  I can't say enough great things about this place. You should definitely check it out!