Koo Koo Kids And Their Koo Koo Lounge Set

Luckily I was able to come back to Peppy-mill. First rule of vacationing in Vegas or in general is to fully explore where you are so you don't have to go thru an epic battle to get back to it later. I had been here the week before to spend some quality time in the lounge. While you can order food in the lounge (not just the fruit salad in your drink), the restaurant is a whole different experience. I was in the lounge the week before and I had to go back to the restaurant part.

I've been on a mission this particular week, looking for people I worked with. 

The food is incredible, you can see by the pics. Everything IS over the top, but it was already that way if it makes sense. Restaurants now try to make everything over the top with what I call Epic Menu. It's already been spoofed online and in tv. You have millions of "mash up" options can get combos that don't make sense just to be creative (i.e. burger taco?). Restaurant developers have gone crazy from all the cooking shows on tv trying to come up with new trends. But here, they just have many... accessories? To things that make sense that you don't get at the national corporate graveyard restaurants. 

Something happened/s at this bar (meaning counter service, not the lounge, just went over this!) that I haven't encountered at any restaurant I've ever been to. The portions are so huge, if you go by yourself, you will have leftovers. That's given. 

So, I have been to the counter by myself before. This is probably the only restaurant I regret going to by myself because I always enjoy going with a committee of people, we always wind up sharing and sampling each other's food. And that's because the 32 volume leather bound menu can give you an indecisive aneurism when ordering. 

One of the first times I ate here was with a group of Goths I started hanging out with. There was one who decided to go to the empty booth next to us and push her breasts against the window. And while everyone was stupid enough to not take a picture of this (this was back when we still could have put it on myspace), the memory of it struggles and blurs every time I try to rethink of it. I just remember black and lace and... volume. I did go on to date her after months of hanging out "as friends." and it was damn worth it. I have to mention the best off the menu special I ever got here, amirite? 

So, at the counter, hungover one night by myself, I had a bunch of leftovers and I seriously doubted it would make the long journey home. I was walking since my motorcycle was possibly at Sahara, or Stratosphere, that kind of night. A couple of seats down this cute couple of girls were also finishing their meals with 2/3's left over as well. They asked me if I wanted to scoot over and help them finish. And then we ate our meals, hey-ooo! See what I did there? They were on vacation and their next trip, we got together again. You probably know I love Peppermill, right? 

There was one more story I wanted to tell, but you get the idea of how great this place is. We went here the night they imploded Stardust. I'll have to figure out where I can continue that story unless I want to do a clearly obsolete review of Stardust? the only place more over the top than the Peppermill is the Peppermill CASINO in Reno. My best attempts would underdescribe that LSD farm.