I want to update my last review.  After the terrible experience at the Flamingo/215 location and writing this review, I also sent a complaint to Sammy's corporate.All i wanted from them was  to make sure that the message got to the employees so they wouldn't do that to any future customers. Here's how they got me back as a customer...
I got a quick email reply regarding my complaint (which I took to be just a form email sent to every complainant).  A couple days later I received a phone call from the GM of that location.  I missed his call & forgot to call back and the next week he called again.  For about 5 minutes he apologized and asked if we would give the store a chance to make it up to us.  So, I gave him my address and within about a week I received a gift certificate for $25.  Yesterday my husband and I went in again to the previously dreaded location, not identifying ourselves.  We figured even it was bad again, at least it wouldn't cost much due to the gift certificate.  But EVERYTHING was different!! We were immediately greeted at the door and seated quickly. Our server was very attentive.  The first thing she told us upon seating was that we were in Happy Hour and she explained about the 1/2 price tapas.  And I guess they have a new system where if you want water the server brings you glasses of ice and a carafe of water, which I loved because we were never thirsty.  The food was delicious as before, and the service was flawless.  I felt like they had coached the employees specifically on the issues I mentioned, after receiving my email complaint.  
At the end we asked to speak with the GM and I introduced myself.  He apologized for the previous bad experience AGAIN and explained how he truly appreciated the second chance and that they take feedback to heart and the staff had been coached on the poor service from before (as I had suspected).  
Anyway, long story short, I am now a true fan of Sammy's.  In this day and age it's really hard to find a restaurant that cares THIS much about earning back an unhappy customer, and I think that is almost more of a selling point for this place than the food itself!  If you've never been, please give this location a shot.  They have food for anybody's taste or dietary restrictions. =)