Why can't the restaurants that I LOVE the most be closer to me?? Oh well, this place is worth the 30 minute drive!! Hey, it's all freeway as Blue Agave is just south of the 101 at Scottsdale Road.

LOVE this place!! The whiner who complains his favorite bartender is gone (secret crush??) and now this place isn't the same is LOCO!! Don't bash this place because you are upset the bartender left!! Give me a break!! It's about the FOOD, the ambiance (NICE) and GOOD service!! Our server wasn't super overly engaging/friendly tonight but DAMN she was a good server beyond expectations!! You don't have to kiss my ass or buddy up to me or make me feel "special", just make sure my wants/need are met or even foreseen like this evening, serve me the YUMMY Blue Agave food and I'll leave HAPPY!! Yes, another PERFECT meal and perfect service!!! 

So happy to have discovered this place!! (See my recent previous review where my sister and I ate THREE DAYS IN A ROW at Blue Agave!! Our first visit lead us to crave and eat the next two days here! Now hubby is hooked too!!)

This time we ordered the pork burrito, mixed chicken and beef fajitas and a chicken strip kids meal. The pork burrito was just as delicious as I have come to expect!! It boasts HUGE chunky pieces of perfectly cooked and flavorful pork!! Love the green sauce and the presentation!! The fajitas were awesome (picture shows mostly chicken but lots of beef was buried under the pile of chicken...A LOT of meat!!!) and the huge portion of pico, sour cream, cheese and lettuce topped it off perfectly (pictures do not accurately depict the huge portions)!! We ordered extra tortillas and were shocked to see that we got FOUR home made steamy and tasty hot flour tortillas for only $1.00!!

Excuse me for taking pictures of my cell phone pictures. I have to admit I don't know how to transfer pictures from my cell phone to my computer. I rarely take the time to take or even post pictures but I felt these are worthy of posting, even if they aren't of the best quality!! The quality of the pictures are not so good, but the food is delicious!!! 

My hubby prefers to eat nearby. It is not often that he agrees that the drive is worth the time, gas and miles on his PRECIOUS truck, but this is one of the few places he agrees is worthy of the trip!! We are regulars now for sure!! See you soon, Blue Agave!!