If I could give this place 10 stars I would.. Their customer service was beyond exceptional. Todd (waiter) from Charleston SC was very knowledgeable with all the dishes. He assist us every step of the way. Recommend on his likings and what's good on the menu.. I wanted the 4 course nightly tasting menu for $55. I wanted everything so the tasting menu appeals to me a lot. 
So I'm thinking for $55. You get 4 courses but a small portions. I was COMPLETELY WRONG.. We started with the spinach/leek soup in the cutest espresso cup. Todd said this will clean our pallet! Which is soo yum.  See pic.. 
Starter: baked oysters (see pic) 4 huge oysters. Yum.. Nicely baked. Not over cooked, and the oysters tasted just right. Not tough. 
Salad: I had some kind of salad with bacon. Just great presentation. But the bacon was a little too salty for me. I'm guessing it suppose to balance out once you eat the salad with it. The candied walnut was awesome!! 
Dinner: I have ONE of the scallops. The food was starting to come up because each course was full size. I'm so full! The scallop like the oysters was nicely done.. Not overdone. Presentation was beautiful. Everything paired together gorgeously. 
Dessert: omg omg omg.. This is my favorite. I had a little bit of the molten chocolate cake..(see pic) sooo good. And my dessert is the pear Creme brûlée. Which is my favorite dessert in general. The cream was a little softer than I would like. But it was the 1st time I had a creme brûlée with pears. It was delicious. The pears was soooo good. 
And top of the night.. We received complimentary macaroons. (See pic) I have a little bit of the lemon, raspberry and latte for the 1ST time.  I'm in heaven. Again.. I can't really say anything bad about this place. They showed us what customer service should be.. The presentations of the food made you want to just enjoy before digging in. Todd and Ramsy are the cutest, sweetest waiters I have ever encountered. I'll be back and I have forwarded 5 ppl the details of this place..