Gaati has a solid 4 star review on Yelp, it should be 4.5-5. Seems many of the complaints come from reviews on dishes that are Americanized or Chinese in nature... Here's my tip... Don't order those!!! 

My mom and I came here on an early Friday night, I enjoyed the interior, it was not as "gallery-esque" as many of the other reviews stated. In my opinion, it is simple, clean, & modern. Nothing wrong with that!! It was although smaller than I had expected, but this makes for quiet, quick, attendant service. 

For the food: 
- appetizer: Papaya salad. Very yummy and perfect for summertime. It's cool and crisp with chilled shrimp on top, and thin cabbage leaves to make a wrap if you desire. Everywhere else that I've had this dish (including my grandma's) is way too spicy, even when ordered mild, this dish on the other hand could have actually used more spice... So for next time I know! If you've never had papaya salad, and are unfamiliar with fish sauce, this will be entirely new for you! 

-entree: Green curry with chicken. I was SO pleased with this dish. I know how I want my green curry, and this was perfect! It was creamy with the perfect amount of heat. Perfect balance of bamboo shoots and Thai basil, yum! Plus, what I find lacking in many curry dishes is the quality of the chicken... This chicken was memorable, tender and cut into strips, whereas other restaurants seem to make the chicken a weak accessory to the dish. They have green peas in this, which is new to me... but they were rare, so I didn't mind, haha. Also, they don't skip out on the rice here, hallelujah!!!! 

My mom got yellow curry and enjoyed it very much and kept saying, "mmm, just like mom's!" Neither of us finished and were able to take home a generous amount of leftovers while also leaving quite satisfied! 

Another thing I should remark on is the price, I don't feel it is over priced, it is pretty standard especially for the quality and location. The two of us dined for $44 with two specialty drinks, an appetizer, & two entrees... Not bad, not bad at all! 

So try out a little, hidden, Henderson gem for some satisfying Thai food. I may be their new regular!