Move over Tom Colicchio,
      Move over Emeril
         and Giada???? just pack it in....there's a new chef in town, Michael LaPlaca~

If you want Italian, I suggest you head over to Portofino, inside the Mirage. Fresh pasta made daily that melts in your mouth along with house made gravy (or sauce to us none paisans!) that you wish your mama made for those Sunday night family meals.

We enjoyed dinner @ Portofino's on Friday and there was NOT one misstep the entire evening. Our server, Sheri was friendly, conversational and best of all not intrusive. Her Server Assistant, Max was a pleasure. The GM, Chris greeted our table, was chatty which we liked PLUS has the ability to describe Chef LaPlaca's food into mouthwatering deliciousness ~ 

For appetizers the crab cake arancini (a house special) is not to be overlooked ~ pan seared to light, chrispy perfection & easily shared for 2 without feeling cheated. Next DO NOT overlook the Kobe beef & Deruta pork meatballs w/ a ricotta stuffed squash blossom in house made marinara sauce. OH DEAR LORD!!!! simply just the BEST EVER!!!! Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I know Rao's is the  supposed meatball king of the LV Strip.....That being said the judges must not have tried Chef LaPlaca's cuz there is NO COMPARISON....... REALLY!!!

Let's get to the pasta ~  You'll think your in Italy. It is that (expletive!) good!
     Start with at least a half order to share of the Burrata  Agnolotti....Lobster, chanterelle mushrooms and parmesan butter, really how bad could this be???  you will NOT be disappointed and the full order will not allow you to enjoy the rest of your meal, even tho you will want more trust me on this~ DON'T!

Your main course.....I don't think you can go wrong with any selections on the menu. 
        We started with the Veal Osso Bucco ~ soft fatty marrow goodness set in saffron risotto all floating covered with rich, decadent veal sauce.

        Next selection, the Gnocchi ~  soft "melt in your mouth" potato pillows resting with forest mushrooms, arugula, a drizzle of creamy truffle fonduta finished w/ parmigiano reggiano.

       Our final entree' selection had to be "traditional" Italian fare so the Chicken Rollatini Parmesan~ presented deconstructed with house made marinara & melted mozzarella. Pretty to look at & deeeelish to the palate.

      Cappuccinos for dessert along with Tiramisu AND Cannoli (also served deconstructed) presented with citrus olive oil ice cream (sounds odd, but really, really good!) 

  All this heavenly food along with 2 bottles of Ferrari-Carano made for a dining experience fit for the 12 Roman Gods and there were only 4 of us~