It looks like Café Replika has joined the company of Chez Boris as being my favorite cafes in Montréal (and hopefully counting). I always tend to have a thing for cafes that come with a regional flair, with specialities that come from their respective countries as well as the typical offerings that come along with the traditional coffee shop. The presence of actual savory items on the menu doesn't hurt either. Café Replika has all of these plus an open layout with quiet but active surroundings, providing a good place to eat, drink, and catch up either with schoolwork or a friend.

Since I hadn't eaten at all the previous day (don't ask why), I decided to order the Simit #1 (which is basically a smoked salmon bagel sandwich with a traditional Turkish round bread base, so similar enough to a Montréal bagel), a peanut butter cookie, and a Turkish coffee with mastic. I was a bit hesitant on ordering the coffee with mastic at first, since the barista told me that mastic is kind of a licorice-like sweetener (and I detest licorice), but I decided to wing it and give it a try upon further convincing. Once I took my first sip of it, it was immediately clear that there was no going back - it was arguably one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had. 

The brew was very strong and bold, but it was in such a way that made you savor each sip and all of the sensory elements at play, with the subtle tones of the mastic as the icing on the cake. I also loved how they served it in traditional little cups that were super cute and forced you to take your time with it. Although the coffee was a star on its own, the accompanying food also exceeded my expectations. The simit sandwich was so flavorful and I actually loved the base and thought that the hardness of it actually held up the fillings very well. The people running this place definitely know how to take such standard and traditionally-done things to the next level. And the peanut butter cookie, which basically had a hole filled with oh-so-rich peanut butter in the middle along with oats mixed into the dough, was quite possibly the best that I've had. By the time I was finished with everything, I didn't want it to end.

I will definitely be back to try some of their other things as well as whenever I need a super good cup of coffee! Café Replika on its own is one of the reasons why living in the Plateau is 100% worth it, and it is sure to exceed your expectations.