I want you all to know the glorious FIVE STAR experience I just had here the other night! Could this be one of thee most underrated restaurants in Pittsburgh? It just might be, so please get here and get ready to be blown away because it really blows up and you end up not getting a reservation!

It's little unassuming corner joint, but when you walk through the door you're pleasantly surprised by the calm atmosphere. The aesthetic was very clean, with glowing tea lights and cream shades covering the windows. The service was just impeccable too, as our waitress was friendly and open to us asking questions about the menu.
 
We started off with one of their specials, the Mackerel Mousse with homemade pepper crackers. I was a little nervous having not tried something like this before, but since I'd read past reviews that said to get it, I trusted my fellow Yelpers! Good thing I did, because it was incredible! The mackerel was a perfect whipped sensation, sprinkled with some bright orange caviar. But, let's talk about the homemade pepper crackers... That tasted more like shortbread cookies. Man were they good, and our waitress kept bringing us more! It was a treat that I never wanted to end, even at the beginning of our meal!

I took a quick glance at the top of the menu, which advertised the bistro as "American comfort food." Let me tell you, it's comforting to know that you'll be 100% satisfied leaving here! The menu is small but it was one of those times were everything looked enticing. 

My mind was made up pretty fast, as I zeroed in on the Noodle bowl. It had Beef/lamb meatballs, pho broth, cilantro and coconut noodles, shiitake and kimchi for $22. Let me tell you, the flavor of the broth, the homemade coconut noodles and the meatballs, the most amazing meatballs, made for one incredible dish. This meal just rocked my pho loving world!

And it didn't stop there! We just had to go for a delicious homemade dessert. The layered Russian cake was devine, with a honey cream layered between soft cake. The server talked it up, but didn't do it justice until you took a bite. And, she had made it herself that day... Adorable, right? 

I'm just so won over... Seriously, go here, and go here now! I cannot wait to come back and share this hidden gem with the masses.