Pizza is ubiquitous in America. Strike up a conversation with any of your friends, and you will hear them rattle off names, which I can only guess has something to do with being in a capitalist society with brave entrepreneurs competing for a slice of that pizza demand curve amongst a glut of supply. Its not easy to decide when there are so many choices. 

However, thats why I'm here people. :) I'm going to point you at the lighthouse through all these storm clouds, and that place is in Ahwatukee, and it is called "JIMMY & JOE'S PIZZERIA". 

Allow me to explain. This place is different than the others. Its not just the fact that the decor and quality of design inside makes for a visually impressive and comfortable experience. Their menu is UNIQUE. Upon my first experience, I came under the pressure of some of my coworkers that dragged me along against my will. Reason being, I was trying to drop a few pounds, and I was averse to stuffing my face with the appetite kryptonite that pizza is to my Regularman. What I found, though, was that I could order a freshly made slice, instead of a personal size or some other portion destined to tempt me to overeat. Simple concept it would seem right? Well, maybe not, because their aren't many places where you can get a slice that is made at JUST THE RIGHT SIZE. There were also combo options, with the drink included, and ways to add a salad and select the toppings you want. Its kinda like Chipotle took off its clothes and became a pizza joint. A compliment I intentionally invoke because of their similarities; and these things are the cleanliness, quality, and ability to customize your order. Well done JIMMY. Well done.

I haven't had their delivery yet, but I do know that they do offer that. Since its my opinion I'm sharing, with the intent that it will persuade you also, I would recommend coming here to eat with friends. Its affordable, spacious, and you can even move the tables around if you have a big group with you. 

I will conclude with the BEST thing I like, next to their thin New York style slices, and it is this: 

REWARDS!

If you sign up for their loyalty program, you are rewarded with special offers via text, such as free slices and discounts, which I have thankfully benefited from when money has been scarce. More importantly though, you get the feeling that your business isn't being taken for granted. I like this particularly, and I will continue to rewind my visits, rather than fast forward. :)