Hubs and I joined a friend at Sonoma Grille on a recent Friday evening. The weather was beautiful so the outdoor seating was full but inside was half empty. We were greated right away by our server who helped us pick out our drinks. We ordered the med plate while we waited for our dining companion. The med plate was quite interesting. A small plate of olives, hummus, beet "dip", and a quinoa salsa of sorts with pita bread. The olives didn't seem to fit in but we enjoyed them anyway. Hubs and I thoroughly enjoyed the quinoa with the chopped veggies. Yum. When our entire party had arrived, we ordered our entrees. I chose the sonoma salad to start and the mixed grill- one selection- grilled chicken with fettuccini with a tomato basil sauce. The salad came out promptly. I loved the added crisp and fresh taste of the julienne pear on top. The dijon dresing was light on the mustard and tasted more like an italian. Oh, I almost forgot. We were also given an amuse bouche of asparagus in an italian dressng which I passed on because I'm not an asparagus fan. The rest of the table enjoyed it. Our entrees arrived promptly. I wanted to make not of the prompt service due to previous reviews where wait time between courses was excessive. From my experience, Sonoma seems to have addressed this issue. 
My entree exemplified the basics done right. Grilled chicken breast was tender and juicy. Cooked to perfection. The pasta had to be homemade. If they don't make it at Sonoma, they must buy it from somewhere local that makes it. The perfect amount of sweet yet savory sauce covered the pasta. In addition to our entrees, our server brought out all of their sauces for us to try. We especially enjoyed the thai peanut sauce and the ginger glaze. Hubs and our friend both ordered the mixed grill two selections- the filet kabob and the ahi tuna. The loved both equally. Having had such an awesome meal, we couldn't pass up dessert. We decided to order the trio of minis. Mini is an appropriate word because each of the trio consisted of 2 small bites. Not enough for us to share so we each decided on one. I took the vanilla panna cotta with peach compote. All in all, the food was excellent, service as top notch and I hope to go back soon.