Craving Mexican tonight and with my 3 best girls and we did the old where should we go game... after rattling off the usual spots, we opened trusty yelp and the Flaming Fajita popped up as a hit and so we decided to give it a go as two friends had given rave reviews.

Location was in a strip mall and parking was a little tight but once we got into the restaurant it felt nice and cozy ... it  was split between a full bar section and full dinning with TVs and Mexican decor.
 Comfortable seating and when some restaurants are uncomfortable when packed, it was actually nice.

Menu was an excellent selection and a great variety of many options from tacos, enchiladas, burritos and chimichangas to some very ethnic meals.

We were greeted by the best waiter we have had in a long time, Christian was on the ball, had excellent recommendations and was so very friendly, he made us feel like fast friends and regulars.  

We ordered our typical order for a new place to make sure we like the menu, starting with a large Guacamole for the table that accompanied beans, salsa and tortilla chips, then for entrees, 
Chicken enchiladas suiza style, 
California burritos (one with steak the other with chicken), 
One taco al pastor 
and a kids meal with a cheese quesadilla and fries.
All meals came with Fideo soup and rice and beans
.
Ok, so now that I told you the order, let me tell you how amazing the food was.

Now, if you follow me or have read some of my reviews, you know that I am a wimp when it comes to spicy food and so I have to have my friends who love spice be my testers to make sure I can handle it.. sadly the salsa was a fire maker for me (see wimp) but I could handle the beans (ha ha ha) and the guacamole was delicious and fresh and the hint of lime was perfect.
Just make sure you don't eat too many of the chips (you will thank me later as the portions are huge) the fideo soup comes next,  and it was a very light, tomato and noodle broth that was a great pallet lightener from the guacamole and beans (and those that can handle the salsa )

Then the meals came out 
The Burritos were huge!!! We have enough left over for breakfast and lunch and the meat was so tender and juicy and full of fresh flavors.
The taco al pastor did not disappoint, we all tried each dish and couldn't say which was the best but I did love the chicken enchiladas with the corn tortillas and the creamy sauce, I could only eat half.

We did see many tables order the "Flaming Fajitas" which looked and smelled amazing, (another must try for our next stop).
We sadly did not have room for dessert but will be back and start with dessert then.

We were not disappointed at all with anything, the service was excellent from our waiter Christian (who we will ask for again!!) to the service help staff keeping our drinks topped and table cleared of empty plates..and the hostesses were on the ball to make sure we got a great table.

Will be eating here again!