I have visited Salud a few times since they opened and love it. I've never had a bad experience here.

Salud is a good place to go if you are looking for a quite place to have a few drinks, but after smelling what they have cooking in the kitchen, you will definitely be asking for a food menu. Beer and cocktails are all reasonably priced and the food menu has some great dishes on it.

The menu changes often depending on what is in season and what they can get at the market. I think the menu was different every time I've gone in to eat. Prices are a little higher than expected, but the food is absolutely worth it. The quality of the ingredients really help make each dish spectacular. There is nothing on the menu that is disappointing.

The (small) staff is very friendly and happy to accommodate. My wife and I have a habit of going in when they are about to start closing, but we've never been turned away. No matter how bad and guilty we felt for staying, they basically insist on it. The owner/manager is a quirky older guy who is pretty passionate about the place. He wants everybody to enjoy their stay and leave with no regrets. The cook, who you can sometimes catch behind the bar, is very laid back and friendly.

The eating area is pretty large and I would say it would be good for larger groups, but with the small kitchen and small staff, I would assume you'd be waiting around a bit for your orders.

The layout and atmosphere are very relaxing. They do have a few chairs and a table outside on the sidewalk, but it's right along busy Butler St. I think most people use it just to take a smoke break before going back inside to sit.

The hours are a little odd compared to other places along Butler St. They tend to close early on weekdays (like, 9pm early) and are also usually closed Sunday and Monday.

Overall, this place is great. It really sticks out amongst the other places in Lawrenceville. I recommend Salud to anybody looking for a different kind of bar/restaurant atmosphere.