One look at my pictures will tell you I'm not from Hawaii. But I like the beach and I'd jump at the chance to get with a Hawaiian m--

Oh. TMI.

Point being, Hawaiian culture fascinates me, and even though I haven't been (yet) I find Hawaiians (and Pac Islanders) to be attractive not just in looks, but in personalities and in their cuisine!

Our foodventure last week took us to Kauai Cafe, which looked fairly unassuming from the front. Another hole-in-the-wall joint, one may say. But step inside, and you'll find what makes Kauai Cafe so ono.

I love chicken katsu, but it was a heavy battle between that and a platter called "Da Surf Rider" which basically is a Hawaiian fried seafood platter. I went with the less expensive of the options, the katsu, and thank goodness I did because the portions were HUGE! Emijandro's kalbi short ribs were practically falling off the plate as was my chicken. It was served with macaroni salad and the option between fried noodles, fried rice, or steamed sticky rice. I was trying to keep it healthy but since I had already spoiled that with chicken katsu, I went with the fried rice. Another great choice, as the fried rice has the usual accouterments, but also has bits of fried Spam (that ono Hawaiian treat!) mixed in. It was a fun and tasty addition to the usual fried rice one might find.

I thought the chicken was a little bit on the dry side, but the katsu sauce rectified that problem. Overall, a mighty fine meal.

So why the five star rating? I believe in Hawaiian slang you would say it's because of Da Kine Service.

The server (who may be an owner or related to an owner?) was super nice. He chatted with us for quite a bit, telling us about Kauai, which I found fascinating as Emijandro has been, but I never have. He talked about the experience of moving from Hawaii to Las Vegas, and the fact that like every other person that moves here, he never really suffered from allergies until hitting the 702.

The fifth star that sealed the deal came a week later, chatting with Emijandro in the car about the experience. Apparently behind where we sat (she could see it, I had my back to it), a homeless man was being shown island love: he was fed a warm meal, and they offered him one of their t-shirts to wear as the weather was starting to cool off and their t-shirt was heavier than the one he was wearing.

That, my braddahs and sistahs, is doing business right. Return trips are already being planned, even if it is way out past where the 215 wraps around the side of Vegas.

(OK, screw TMI -- any Hawaiian, Samoan, or Tongan men, I'm single and ready to mingle. We'll go to Kauai Cafe together... heh.)