This was my dessert on my birthday after eating at Soho Sushi, another business with an unbelievable 5 star average with 100's of reviews. Well, I have to say this might have been my finest 1 2 punch in terms of dinner and desert in one evening. 

The place is in a bit of a crap area, and quite frankly my girlfriend and I were like...wtf? Where is this random 5 star place in the middle of all this junk? From the outside it's very understated and unassuming, but inside was very nice. Reminded me of nicer cold stones. 

Anyway, we got in and the owner who I believe was Desyree asked if it was our first time. We said yup, just moved to the area 3 weeks ago. She then launched into an unbelievable tour of the gelato. Without asking, she started handing us sample after sample and guiding us as to what we were experiencing at what her methodology was. She was one of the most passionate and friendly business owners I've ever met, one of the ones that truly stand out. 

One moment in particular was quite surreal, she gives me the Cioccolato e Peperoncino (chocolate with red chile), and as she confidently hands it to me she tells me that I'll get a nice chocolate flavor and then in about five seconds it will hit the back of my throat with spice. I had already put in my mouth as she was saying that, and like clockwork the spice hit my mouth and throat. It was incredible. I ordered that along with cookie butter and amazing strawberry cheesecake gelato. She also gave me a taste of AVOCADO gelato. Talk about experimenting with flavors! It was spot on too. This woman is unbelievable at what she does. 

My girlfriend got the fruity flavors, which were the most authentic tasting fruit gelato I've ever had. This woman very clearly is an artist, and she takes this stuff very seriously and is passionate about it. For me, this place is the epitome of a five star establishment. Incredible product, reasonable prices, local owners, and owners that are extremely passionate about customer service and the quality they put out. 

This place and Soho sushi are two perfect examples of local businesses that I want to support forever, and I hope they continue to have such success in the local community. With passion and quality like this, something tells me they will.