Tried this place on a whim after stumbling on the Yelp reviews, and I'm sure glad we did. This was one of the best meals I've had anywhere, especially at this price point. Definitely worth gushing over. I literally wanted to sit and replay the entire meal experience. For whatever reason we had the place to ourselves, which was amazing. We sat right next to the cooking area and were able to chat with the sous chef while she worked. She was very friendly and talked about the restaurant, food, and menu.
My overall impression of this restaurant was that they truly understood the concept of "slow food". My husband and I were there for an hour and a half and had 2 appetizers and an entree apiece. I watched them prepare one dish from beginning to end and then start the next one. I know there would have been more going on if there had been more customers, but I'm sure the style of prep wouldn't have changed much.
Our first order was the meat and cheese plate. First of all, it was so well put together that it looked like a work of art. I suddenly understood why people take pictures of their food. There were 4 different cheeses, a variety of crackers, and fruit. I was particularly impressed by the Bleu cheese as I don't typically like bleu cheese but I loved this one, especially with the fruit. The next appetizer was a breaded rice ball filled with tomato sauce. It sounds strange but it really worked. For entrees we had the grouper with mashed potatoes and vegetables (him), and the campanelle with salmon and asparagus (me). The homemade campanelle was fantastic with the dish. All of the portion sizes were reasonable, not huge, but not skimpy either.
The restaurant itself was simple but tasteful. There was interesting music but it wasn't too loud, and the sous chef actually asked us if it was ok before she turned on the blender (she was making homemade Cesar dressing).
If I could change anything about this restaurant, I would add a suggestion for some sort of chef's choice meal where you pick a number of dishes and just let the chef go to town. Also, some sort of event where you can try the dishes they're testing and fine tuning. They were experimenting with some sort of cheese and pasta dish yesterday that looked like it would be delicious. I guess we'll have to make the trek across town again soon to see if it shows up on the menu.