There are those places that I review after one visit = mind blowing food and service which I am convinced is no fluke or so abysmal that the dogs of hell could not drag me back.
 
There are those places that I review after a handful of visits = consistent service and food or locations I would return to and not be embarrassed to admit.

Then there are those places that I have selfishly kept for my own, even after having eaten every item on their menu (multiple times) for fear that the next time I visit, I will have to fight for a table or parking spot. Bertha's Café falls in to this last group.

Bertha's is a small, yet comfortable space that has clean lines and simple décor. There is a large cart that always has a sampling of the most current gossip rags, architectural periodicals, and newspapers for your enjoyment. Soft tunes play in the background and simple prints of farmers' markets from around the world adorn the walls.

The food is the real focus and soul of this establishment. Breakfast is served daily until 11:00 a.m. and I would highly recommend the Waffles (served with honey butter and blueberry/maple syrup), the Roasted Tomato, Pesto Egg Sandwich (with arugula and havarti on an English muffin), or the Brioche Egg Sandwich (bacon, arugula, pesto, eggs, and parmesan). I also enjoy the Fruit Parfait which they make with seasonal organic fruit and home-made granola.

The only problem with lunch is that every time I go, I really want to have multiple items. My top three sandwiches are the Asparagus & Havarti Panini (oven roasted asparagus, pesto mayo, arugula, roasted red peppers and Havarti - grilled to perfection), Roast Beef and Blue Cheese (with mayo, tomato, arugula, and caramelized onions), and the Salami Pesto and Goat Cheese (with sundried tomatoes, pesto, and mixed greens). The wraps and soups are all wonderful, but I will be honest and say the sandwiches generally win out. And finally there are the salads... there are several, but some of my current favorites include: The chopped salad - chocked full of blue cheese, applewood smoked bacon, bell peppers, avocado, chicken and green onions. The Harvest Salad which is the perfect blend of candies walnuts, apples, blue cheese, and dried cranberries. Or the Curried Chicken Salad that is mixed with pinenuts, and dried cranberries.

Most of the salads can also be ordered in a wrap version. And thankfully, Bertha's offers "Lunch" specials which allow you to choose one of their daily soups and  1/2 of any salad, or  1/2 of any sandwich and either soup or  1/2 of any salad.

So other than unique menu offerings, what makes Bertha's so special??  The staff is unbelievably friendly and helpful. Servings are large. The sandwiches or salads can easily be shared or make two meals. All items that are listed in a vegetarian fashion can have chicken or ham added. A special kids menu provides options for those with less developed palates. In addition to their standard menu offerings, they have daily special sides and soups. Literally everything is freshly made (no pre-packaged garbage). And finally there is the desert counter. Bertha's offers a rather large selection of freshly made pastries, muffins, cupcakes, desert bars, and some of the most incredible cheese cake I've ever put in my mouth. Some items are seasonal, which somehow makes them even more desirable, as you know you will have to wait an entire 12 months to have such goodness again.

I have taken a number of people to Bertha's since first being introduced myself and have never heard anything but raves.  I really don't know how I will make it through the remodel... I'm quite sure I will go in to withdrawals!

Quite simply, the food is a spiritual combination of flavors and textures. And so it is with a fearful heart and the desire to support local businesses in this time of economic insecurity that I encourage you all to try Bertha's Café. Just remember, if you see me there and the place is full, I may force my way in to your table.  : )