I don't eat Korean food very often. I usually only eat it when my friends from Scandinavia fly into town. Korean food is a very rare delicacy in places like Norway. They like it a lot over there, but there just ain't that many places to go to. So the first thing they always wanna do is go to a Korean restaurant after they fly into McCarren.  Personally, I like Yakiniku much better than Korean BBQ. Yakiniku is practically Korean BBQ from Japan, but I didn't feel like paying $200 today, so I decided to find a cheaper alternative. 

I met an old man at Floyd Lamb a few weeks ago who told me that  Korean food has changed in the last 25 years. He told me that the Korean food that is popular today is actually a modified version of what it used to be. He also told me to come here to JUN'S because it was more similar to the type of Korean food he ate back in the 70s.  I came here today, and I did noticed that it was  different from all the other Korean restaurants in Las Vegas. I actually liked this taste a lot more. I ordered the Kalbi and thought it was one of the best I have ever had.  

You really should never get a Chicken dish from a Korean restaurant. Korean cuisine just does not specialize in Chicken.  Korean marinated chicken is practically the California Roll of Korean food. It's not a true authentic style dish.  The only times you should ever get chicken at a Korean restaurant is if it is a Chinese-Korean restaurant and they got Tang So Yuk(spelling?). 

I like how JUN's features this "oldschool" style of K-food, that you don't find very often anymore.  To me, it gives off more of an authentic feel. What most of Vegas locals are accustomed to is the Hawaiian-Korean style food. Sure, that's good too but I guess it's actually not real.

I ordered to-go for all my annoying Norwegian friends, and I couldn't believe how much food they gave us. When the lady handed me the bag, it literally felt like 40 pounds of food. I had a lot of trouble carrying it to my car.

 What I really like is that they have the low calorie/healthy versions of the Korean dishes. These recipes have minimal sugar and no oil in the marinades. They also have brown rice as well. 

There was absolutely nothing wrong with the customer service here like many of the Yelpers are claiming. I've been to some nightmarish Korean restaurants in my life, and this was not one of them. East-Asian people prefer to stay quiet if their English isn't perfect, and a lot of White and Black-Americans interpret that as "rude". People from Mainland China(not Taiwan) and Philippines may also leave comments about "bad service" due to the whole inter-asian rivalry.  I just don't see a problem with this place's service.

5-Stars