Bedazzled by Dazzo's! My husband came home one evening insisting that we get food at Dazzo's per recommendation from a Chicago-native co-worker. We just moved into the neighborhood, and I have driven by Dazzo's many times. I am not really a hot dog fan, but Dazzo's makes me a believe. From the outside, it doesn't really look impressive, but the warmth and welcome your receive when you step through those doors will win your heart.

At Dazzo's, they treat you like family. They were excited to make meal recommendations, carefully describing the various flavor profiles of each relish and meat. When we asked about their Italian ice, they were proud to describe each flavor and quickly whipped up samples of all the delectable flavors they concocted. They even have a legit horchata Italian ice. Talk about fusion. 

My husband chose the hot dog with traditional Chicago fixings with homemade fries. I had the deep fried fire dog with homemade fries. The fries were crispy and perfectly seasoned. The fire dog was not overly spicy prepared with a nice ratio of onion, mustard and picked relish. The hot dog was reported to taste good. We were then surprised with a sample of the Italian beef sandwich on slices of french bread, topped with a sweet pepper, and the homemade Italian relish to accompany the juicy meat. My husband would prefer a drier treatment of the sandwich, but I enjoyed bread sopping up the juice. They also have these delicious tiny pickled peppers on top. For the kids, we took home an Italian beef sandwich, Chicago hot dog, chili dog, and polish sausage. The polish sausage, like the fire dog is deep fried. The chili on the hot dog was delicious and served with a couple of those little pickled peppers. When you take away hot dogs, they wrap Chicago-style, the dog and fries in the same paper. We had to forgo the Italian ice because we were stuffed to the max! We will be back for Italian ice. Maybe later today for tea...... For their food and excellent customer service, and price point, Dazzo's deserves 5 stars. Note: No restrooms. Cash only, but there is an ATM in the dining area.