I've gotten trashed next door many, many times. Redundant when speaking of Vegas, yes? I've had a lot of sake there alternating with half yard beers served in glass, for some reason. And somehow decisions were made to walk to PT's down the street for shots of hard liquor. Each night, it made sense; to this day I don't remember why.

(That PT's is where I had over $400 stolen from someone at an employee gathering. It's why I keep small bills in my pocket and my large bills hidden elsewhere on me to this day. You may think this is a tangent, tv shows call it foreshadowing for another episode.)

With nights like that, there comes the time where most of your friends have left and you think "Oooooooohhhhhhh, F-." This happens for many reasons: lost rent money, that behavior you can't take back with the girl friend of the co-worker you were trying to impress, what she dragged you in the bathroom for, etc. El Fresco is where you stumble into to figure out what the hell to do next.

I will call this place El Fresco, damn it, even though it's listed as el Taco Feliz. There's a slang (more like veteran's tribute) in Vegas to call a business what it was before. Few people can decipher, yet appreciate when I talk about what happened last week at the Hacienda, Continental, Maxim, Vegas World, Liberty, or Boardwalk.

I admit, I've had- and seen- many a Loser graveyard meal here. That's what I have associated this place to be for. The sky is falling, so let me have a good meal, sulk for a bit until enchiladas recharge me the way God intended and regroup on how to get my dignity back. 

I had a big meal here, I brought my girlfriend, NOT "the" girlfriend. I don't know why people refer to their significant others that way on Yelp reviews. It's like a mental tick that makes the back of my head itch when reading the message they're (un)knowingly sending. 

I quit my job to look for a better one full time, a blitz decision I will analyze for the rest of my life. Unfortunately, Vegas teaches you to consider the "all in" bet more commonly than perhaps should be executed. 

But that was me listening to the "happy people." Follow your dreams! Find a job that will make you happier! You can do it! Believe in yourself! They'll hire you with all your experience! Just get that job! You control your destiny! Things will get better! You gotta try the appetizers, I've had them all. That last one is more about Fresco than an example. 

I have since learned to take those affirmations to see how they would fit in a call to the power company as to why you haven't paid your bill. I'm guessing they will still disconnect your power if you try to explain them the Law of Attraction. I understand people rattle off bumper sticker logic like that with the best intention. But I need wisdom that will bottom line, generate income that thousands before me have not tried. It's why I read business books instead of self help books.

Our lease was ending. We already had to give notice that we weren't renewing a month before. We had this dinner because I had to tell her my truck was heading in a different direction neither of us wanted. I explained this to my love, stammering over delicious horchataaaaaah, and mushroom appetizers. We shared an entree. I love our meals together, so I wanted some place special to drop this news and mentally give me strength and comfort to do it. 

Each day was divided with too much to do. Each day I still kept putting out applications to the day I got the moving truck. Each day I had to throw as much as I could into boxes and move my g/f's things to storage. Vegas August 110+ degree weather, people. Each night, I had to take us out to do something I loved with no money as if it would be the last time for a long time, if ever again. Each day I had to clean the hell out of our apartment hoping to get our meager deposit back. Our friends didn't respond to our pleading to help us so they could have dinners, go to bars, see movies, things they could never do any other month. 

We were teary eyed during our dinner. I brought a piece of paper to write on, we had to make the doomsday plans. It wasn't even about giving up. Money running out decided what I had to do, what we had to do. I wanted to make things better so bad. Every day she went to work, I would cry my eyes out before I got myself together to apply again. I could count the times I cried before that month on one hand, including my Grandfather passing away and during a couple of motorcycle accidents.

I saved thousands of tourist's vacations with my resources. I was supposed to be able to use everything I knew to help our little home. I fought to keep my hopes up til that morning I had to get my truck.

I didn't want my dream life with my girlfriend and our cat in our own place to end. I had no idea 1 to 4 files of my accomplishments could impede my future.