Odd Seoul Hack: How to Pig Out On Korean Tapas And Keep Your Dignity Too

1) Spot the Hidden Restaurant: Like many hidden bars and restaurants in Toronto (Track & Field, Apt. 200, 416 Snack Bar), the seductive beauty about Odd Seoul is first in finding it. To help you navigate, when you're at Bang Bang, peer across the street for an unmarked storefront. They open 6 PM-2 AM, Monday to Saturday, closed Sunday.

2) Seating: The small space adds charm and character to Odd Seoul, seating less than 50 hipsters. There are seats at the bar, 1-on-1's, or group tables (5-6 friends). No reservations, so you'll have to add your name to the list upon arrival. Waits can be 30-45 minutes (but np, head to Communist Daughter/Get Well for a drink while you wait).

3) Service: Cool/chill but never discourteous. It can be slow, but this is easily mitigated when you know what you want to order (a must try: the sinful and borderline criminally delicious pork neck; see below). Because this place is so popular, I do recommend being mindful of others waiting in line. -Nobody wants to miss out on the pork neck while you take baby sips of your drink and listen to you whine about how you couldn't get tickets to Adele's 2016 sold out concert.

4) Vibe: A dive bar with hip-hop and funk music, usually full of late 20's to 30's peeps. Hipster attire and moustaches are rampant. Wooden tables illuminated by Einstein light bulbs, which set a retro mood with a line of sight view into the kitchen (where the real magic happens).

5) Food and Drinks: Hands down, we come here for only one thing: the off-the-menu pork neck platter ($25). It is a succulent, sweet-spicy-smoky roast pork sections that are marinated in daeji gogi (Korean) spices, with a side of fresh and tangy bean sprout salad - perfect for 2 people. You'll feel like royalty when this platter comes out, and then...

--Fair warning #1, the pork neck does take about 30-40 mins to prepare. Fair warning #2, picture the scene from the Walking Dead, where the zombies feast on some gory guts. Yes, the best way to enjoy this mouth-watering dish is to shamelessly eat with your hands - and nobody will judge! -Other snacks are $5-20, and drinks range from good lagers and IPAs to crisp cocktails.--

Odd Seoul, a cloaked, Korean-American snack bar along the Ossington strip, is one of the most beloved restaurants in Toronto. Whether you are a local hipster, Yelp Elite, or new to Toronto, come here to eat Korean tapas and merry-make; the flavours of the pork neck are out of this world.