I took my Mom to breakfast at this hot new business yesterday morning and we had absolutely no regrets. It is located up off of Horizon Ridge Parkway in a nice new strip mall. It was pretty easy to find with ample parking. 

The restaurant itself is a small intimate setting. The tables are simple and modern and each table has a small succulent plant as the centerpiece. We arrived around 9:30am and there weren't too many people so it was very comfortable. We were greeted by our lovely hostess/server who promptly sat us at a table by a window and provided drinks instantly. The menu is very diverse offering meals from Mexico to the Phillipines. I chose the Huevos Rancheros and Mom chose the Bam Slam. 

When the breakfast arrived, it was hot and looked delicious. The Huevos Rancheros was served with three corn tortillas that were fried and sitting on a platter of Peruvian beans. Three eggs topped the tortillas and queso crema was the icing on this mountain of goodness. Along the sides of the dish was a layer of sweet, green salsa and then there was an inner layer of hot red salsa on the eggs and potatoes. The dish produced so many different flavors and textures. The Peruvian beans were a unique change for this dish as I have usually only had it with refried beans. The Bam Slam was huge and can easily feed two people. Eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast and Mom was very full by the time she was done. What I enjoyed most about this meal was the fact that Chef Matt came out and asked us how we liked our meals. He was very friendly and I appreciate when the chef wants to know your opinion. It tells me that he genuinely cares about the food he is creating and serving. 

There were so many interesting and tasty looking dishes on the menu to sample which gives me every reason to return in order to taste more breakfasts dishes and then lunch. They aren't open yet for dinner but they are planning on it in the future. By the time we were finished, the restaurant was getting busy which I believe was attributed to the flavorful food being cooked.

I suggest that when you are out in Green Valley, you stop by to be SERVED at this quaint little gem!