Musashi holds a special place in my heart and I can't believe I haven't blown up their yelp page with my review! This restaurant is family-owned and has been a part of the Charlotte community for at least 10 years. Musashi has and will always be my go-to place for simple, fresh and authentic. No sizzing grill, no fancy chefs or crazy tricks, just the core of Japanese cuisine. 

Some friends and I decided to go to Musashi for dinner last Saturday. I've been craving their sashimi for weeks! They use the most high quality and best part of the fish so every single bite keeps you wanting more. Salmon is my favorite. Trust me, I kept yearning for a chance to go back. If you're more adventurous, I recommend the beef tongue! If you've never had beef tongue, it is soft yet slightly chewy. The pieces are sliced and the flavors just melt in your mouth! I don't think it's on the menu, but you can always ask the friendly staff. Sadly, they ran out on this occasion. We've also tried the Fukahire Salad (marinated shark fin/jelly fish salad), grilled sardines and a few other appetizers, but the sashimi and beef tongue are my favorites as far as appetizers. What can I say, we're some adventurous eaters!

Now.. for the main course! My absolute favorite is the Katsu-jyu, which is fried breaded pork cutlet with egg and onions, served over a bed of rice. A jyu box is actually the Japanese's traditional method of presenting food (how cool!). If you're not much of a pork fan, I would go with the Chicken-katsu. If you're in the mood for some soup or traditional ramen, the Tonkatsu ramen is also delicious! It is cooked in a pork bone base and served with Japanese egg noodle, roasted pork slices, bamboo shoot and green onions. Yummm.. this is definitely not where you want to stroll in and ask for a hibachi grill and shrimp sauce!

Before I talk about dessert, I have to say that a meal at Musashi is more of an experience. There are so many varieties that keeps you wanting more. Many Japanese restaurants are Americanized and that special authenticity of the cuisine is lost. I'm glad to say that Musashi still holds its roots close to the traditional culture. Ready for the end of this food adventure? Green tea or red bean ice cream is the only way to end this perfect meal!