Wow! I was intrigued by the huge number of reviews on Yelp, and the 4.5 star average at our venerable site, of Pan Asian Restaurant. Since it is just a few miles from home, we went there for my birthday dinner. The charming owner and his gorgeous wife, who does the cooking, were intent on making our visit a superb experience. They succeeded with a fresh, five-star meal served in clean and cheery surroundings. The place is intimate without being dark, a rather unique feature for Las Vegas. The ceiling is a fashionable black with light-fixtures built into it that resemble shoji screens. Being a Pan-Asian establishment, I was able to order a delightful chicken-based gyoza appetizer and one that featured beautiful, architecturally-sound chunks of deep-fried tofu that were both prepared in the most appealing ways. My husband enjoyed his chicken satay skewers with peanut sauce on the side, which I also tasted and thought were ideal. I like very hot seasoning, so I packed my own heat in the form of crushed, dried Japanese chiles, in case they did not offer my favorite condiment, Chinese-style red chile oil. I was pleasantly surprised when Mr Wong, the owner, brought a full panoply of elegantly presented hot chile condiments in a black porcelain caddy.. I didn't miss the red chile oil, as he had included sriracha, two vinegar-based red chile sauces, jalapeños and a dry Japanese pepper mix, something I use regularly at home. 

My main dish was something that caught my eye because it contained beef with fresh greens of various varieties, and had the jazzy name, "Crying Tiger." It was a voyage of discovery, every bite containing the various components in different amounts. Its thinly-sliced beef was exquisite; next time I shall ask it to be well-done, because it seems that the cook aims to please. In fact, as my husband pointed out, within that one dish there was something to reward any beef-aficionado, because some slices were more cooked than others. The freshness and flavors of the health-promoting were most impressive, but to describe the assemblage fully here would be to deprive other diners of their own adventures in good eating.

My husband ordered the pineapple fried rice, without the shrimp component. He was delighted that the gracious cook customized it to his taste. I had a bite, and it was uniquely delicious.

Pan Asian is a friendly, pitch-perfect place where I intend to try some of the other fresh, lovely offerings soon--pad Thai comes to mind.... After all, the place is called, "Pan Asian Restaurant"!