My fiancée and I have been craving Russian food for maybe three weeks now (I have no idea what started this, but there's no arguing with my stomach). We'd been to Eliseevsky, the previous restaurant in this location, several years ago; it was mostly unmemorable, and what memories did stick were not wholly positive.

We went last night around 8:00 pm. The place is not easy to find, even having been to this location before; it's in a tiny shopping center at the corner of Flamingo and Decatur, tucked into a corner with no visible signage. I really hope they put up a more visible indicator of some kind, because more people need to know about this place.

We entered the restaurant to find a giant party of 30 taking up most of the place (they were a school organization of some kind, we think). After a moment, the waiter greeted us and told us to take any table we'd like. He was back a few moments later with menus and a preemptive apology; he was the only waiter on duty and, clearly, there was a party of 30 sitting across the dining room. We started to worry--obviously, we are not this guy's big tip for the evening. This turned out to be unnecessary. Throughout the meal, our waiter was friendly and attentive. I would have been happy with out visit even if the food were not so good simply because of the service.

Even though we had a pretty good idea what we wanted to eat, he went through the menu with us, talking about which dishes were "very Russian" and making some suggestions. We ordered blinchiki to share ($7.95) and a couple of soft drinks. My fiancée ordered the beef stroganoff ($16.95) with buckwheat and I ordered the shashlik ($15.95). The waiter brought out some bread for us while we waited for our food.

Now, on to the food. The blinchiki gets you two crepes stuffed with either beef or mushroom, then lightly fried and dressed with sour cream. They were a little oily, but not unpleasantly so, as we were expecting that to some extent. The brightness of the sour cream nicely balanced the rich fatty beef. My fiancee has had blinchiki before and says they were much smaller and less oily, but she had these from a Russian home cook, not a restaurant. We agreed that they were delicious, in any case.

Next up were the entrees. The stroganoff was a delight--tiny pieces of beef and mushroom and onion stewed together until tender with a rich, sour cream-based sauce. This ain't no midwestern egg-noodle disaster, either (who ever thought that was a good idea?). The buckwheat was perfectly cooked and incredibly aromatic. The plate comes with a small side of vegetable, a red bell pepper salad with rosemary and (I think?) vinegar. The veggies were crisp and the combination, while unexpected, was delicious. The shashlik was tender and very well prepared, if a touch overcooked; however, I'd rather be safe than sorry when it comes to pork. This plate was replete with vegetables, from fresh tomato to boiled cabbage, shaved onion, cucumber, and stewed tomato. There was some of that red pepper salad, as well. 

We finished off the meal with a piece of "Praga" cake and a Turkish coffee, both excellent. The cake is firm and nutty, with a buttery rich frosting. They make it fresh in-house, as they do with all of their desserts. 

Looking at this review, I can't help but feel that I'm leaving something out, despite the length. However, it's a lot of words to say something very simple: I can't wait to go back.