I used to go here to enjoy the lunch buffet when I worked on Route 1, and always had a good experience.  When my wife mentioned we were meeting friends for dinner, and I finally put together where it was and what restaurant, I was psyched. The experience last night was a bit lacking though.   We were a party of 6 adults.  We brought our own wine, and had plenty of water and tea throughout the meal.  After saying hello to the friends we were meeting, and taking a glance over the menu, we ordered our food at 6:45. Two sushi rolls, and 2 appetizers were ordered for a starter, including the lettuce wraps and boneless spare ribs which were both good. We ordered entrées, classic Chinese dishes, and I had the 3 roll dinner which seemed like a good deal with soup and salad (which I never received). Just a note, one member of our dinner party is allergic to shellfish.  After asking the wait staff if there was any in the egg rolls which she had ordered, and we were told no, we found an offending crustacean, and were thrown off for the rest of the night. Our starters came out promptly, and then that was when the service started to slide downhill. It seemed there was not enough staff to cover the 4 tables that were seated, and they were having communication issues. As for the food, everything was good.  Not great, but ok.  definitely nothing to write home about.  My sushi was blah, but everyone enjoyed their hot menu items. After eating, and waiting about 30 minutes for the table to be cleared, we ordered dessert, and then were wondering where our sweets were 20 minutes later.  We inquired with the waiter, and we were then told that they were missing most of the ingredients (bananas for 3 out of 4 of the dessert orders) and had to run out to the store to get them.  It took another 20 minutes before the ending to a long meal was finally delivered to the table. We left at 8:50. All in all, the real issue I think was with the communication with the staff and our party.  We had a great time talking, and when we were eating it was ok.  But it seemed that there was a lot of time where we were wondering what was going on, and where our orders were.  Definitely a sub par performance, as my rating shows.  And, be aware that they may unintentionally (due to ignorance or misunderstanding) throw someone into anaphylactic shock.  Be warned.
