The Skinny:  A wallet-friendly place that's good for first dates, last dates, business lunch, group brunch, first contact, last contact and anything in between. ***Athlete friendly *** Price: Low - Mid level Food: Great for the price       Service: Classic mellow happy-go-lucky style Special Comment: Stays open late The Long Review: The Atmosphere: Subsections: The Bad Stuff, The Good Stuff THE BAD STUFF: Cafe Orlin  needs to enforce smoke-free zone regulations in its outdoor dining area.  Not a good place for those with asthma, bronchitis, lung issues. I once was gasping for air when some moron decided to light up a smoke while dining under the awning (but I didn't die...c'mon now, did ya really think the IRS would let ANY of us die this young?...again, this is rhetorical question. You are now fluent in the art of asking rhetorical question my lad! Now go order a dessert to celebrate). Anyway, I asked the wait-staff and they at first resisted until I pointed out how that would upset my good friend Mike. Yep, you guessed it again. They know him as Bloomberg, the mayor. I haven't eaten outdoor there since. So, if you have a medical issue, be prepared to dine indoor because some dumbass might try to smoke out the fun! The GOOD STUFF: Cafe Orlin is a cool, hip, place in the summer as it is a cozy warm place in the winter. In the summer, I like the outdoor sitting with clear visual on the path where the waiters and waitresses scurry along with happy faces.  The place has the semi-upper-deck fine dating a-la psudo-private area where couples craving some privacy for their intimate dinner can get their seats. For the rest of us, we prefer the main dining area. Hey, when I am hungry, I need my waiter or waitress to see me. Besides, why would anyone want to hide their date? (Please do NOT answer that question... yes, it is rhetorical) This is a kid and athlete friendly place. I used to go there every weekend after a 10 hour endurance training run that would get me right at Orlin's doorstep just around mid-night. What a blessing that they stay open late enough for me to enjoy a good meal and relax. The crowd keeps changing as the hours pass and it is totally fun to see how they range from family reunions to club goers to business partners to students and neighborhood residents. Yes, occasional celebrity sighting but who cares (unless they pay for your table), right? I care more about my dessert and usually ask for it early so that they don't run out of it! Food: The main reason I always go there is their great appetizers. I love their hummus plate served with pita bread. There is something about the way they prepare the hummus that is unparalleled in taste compared to some of the fanciest 'organic' places. I have to say their felafel dish also scores a crunchy yummy "A+" as well. And both of the appetizers are under $10 each.     I usually get either the salmon burger or the veggie burger. They are great in taste and very filling in appetite. Sometimes I get their pasta and particularly the shrimp pasta. The dish is fresh and it doesn't feel heavy; you can eat the last bite and still feel there is room for dessert. Dessert: I usually get their flourless chocolate cake. Each bite brings soothing comfort to my healing process as I recover from a 20+ mile run. Most importantly, the cake is big enough to share with your date or friends. People: The waiters and waitresses are nice. Exception applies to one semi-manager (must have been new because I didn't see him over the last 12 years I have been dining there) who didn't appreciate a compliment my party made on how dedicated the waitress was to ensure that we received a great service. Dude, if you are reading this, may I recommend some professional training? They have those classes at NYU. Mention this review, they might rush you in for registration! Overall: This is a GOOD FOOD for CHEAP PRICES place! Penny for penny, the food yields high taste value at low cost prices. The appetizers alone can be your meal and it is possible to have dinner for two with desserts under $35 total!
