I've noticed that my friends who are Chinese American don't really like to eat Chinese with me. We've eaten a lot of Japanese, Thai, Indian, Mexican and American food together, but I think out of an estimated 600 or so meals I've eaten with Chinese friends, I've had Chinese exactly three times. (Twice to get hot Chinese noodle soup with cartilage and knuckle; once at one of those big round-table banquet places). I think this has something to do with the inauthenticity of the Chinese restaurants that generally appeal to the American palette and with the amount of Chinese food my Chinese friends eat with their families. If there are other reasons, they're as secret to me as the source of the Chinese black magic that sends so many unfortunate souls to the hell of upside-down sinners. And I don't eff with that shit.   The upshot of all this is that I wouldn't know authentic Chinese food if it stabbed me in the eye with a chopstick. But I ate dinner at this place in Burlington called A Single Pebble and I really liked it. I don't know if it was authentic or not--there were no fish eyeballs on the menu, so probably not--but the food was exceedingly delicous, the restaurant was nice to sit in, and everything was reasonably priced. It wasn't stuffy or pretentious or awful. It's my new favorite restaurant in Burlington--not because it's authentic or inauthentic, but because it's so delicious I was nearly sent to the hell of being so stuffed I exploded. The food at A Single Pebble is served family-style, which I like, because I can generally sample more things that way. And the tables are topped by lazy susans to facilitate sharing, which I like because I'm, well, really lazy. Highlights included the meat buns, which were similar to the steamed pork buns I know as "bows" (probably spelled wrong) but these were less sweet and served with hoisin and a spicy peanut sauce; extremely tangy mock eel (really shitake mushrooms but I wouldn't have known they weren't slithering fifteen minutes earlier if I didn't read it on the menu);  and duck pancakes with scallion. We also had a Thai-inspired curry soup with both soft and crispy noodles in it--eff yeah! Crispy noodles are the most baller kind of noodles that ever existed and any soup with them in it is automatically improved.  I ate until I was so full it hurt and then I had a few more bites and excused myself to take a walk around the block and then I came back and finished off the copper well noodles and mopped up the twice-cooked pork. Anyway, I highly recommend this place and I really want to go back. There were a lot of things on the menu that sounded delicous but I didn't get to try them, so I have plenty of reasons to return.  I'd even like to take my Chinese friends here to get their take on it. Food's so good, you'll think they pulled spices from the six-demon bag.
