The word "tight" has many connotations.  For our purposes here, "tight" is that endeavor in which all the moving parts work in perfect unison...sheer magic.  There are no grinding metal parts, stripped gears, blown coverages, dropped passes, hit batters, bad calls, typhoons, Ebola, or any of a myriad of issues that ruin a great experience. Well, Osteria, Mark Vetri's stunning and hip restaurant on North Broad, is "tight."  Osteria is much larger than Vetri, with a veritable army of servers and chefs.  You know you are in for something special when, upon entering, there is an enormous hand crank prosciutto carving machine as the Pledge for the culinary magic show you are about to experience. Upon opening the menu, you are confronted with the Turn.  We ordered one of the delicious pizza's as an appetizer...the polpo, served thin crust with grilled octopus, chili flakes, and smoked mozzarella.  The vegetable anti pasta offered us a wonderful blend of grilled and sauteed veggies, and for the first time in my life I enjoyed brussel sprouts. The Prestige is introduced with the almost indescribably good pasta.  As I couldn't decide between several offerings, including spaghetti with olive oil poached calamari, corzetti with clams, or black pepper ravioli with peaches, I got them all and was captivated, convinced it must be part of the illusion.  Another member of our party ordered the roast piglet...if you like pork, get this, as it is superb. I enjoyed a wonderful medium body Italian red along with dinner, ordered from the exhaustive wine list featuring Italian wines.  Dessert was a very good chocolate flan with home made pistachio ice cream.  Our party of four ended up with a $400 tab, which was pricey but worth it. Like David Copperfield at the top of his game, Osteria takes you on an almost unbelievable magical mystery tour.   What a sight to behold...all the parts of the show moving like Cirque du Soleil...yeah, its that tight.  Make reservations well in advance, and don't be "tight" with the tip.
