Brunch: came here on a Wednesday around noon after being super pleased that this place does brunch food 10-4 every single day! And there's nothing better than breakfast food, Mediterranean style. Located in the beautiful area that is Park Slope, this place fits in perfect with an awesome laid back vibe and pretty decor. It gets a ton of natural light as the front of the building is all glass, with a great view down a typical park slope street. The experience started off with a "generous" pour of Rose from our server/bartender (hopefully his manager doesn't see this). We almost ordered the hummus platter to share, plus a brunch entree for each of us, but the manager who we had begun chatting with recommended it would be too much, so we just got a side of falafel instead of the platter: he was right. He was extremely helpful in our decision making, so that we were able to order what food we wanted but also experience new Israeli cuisine. The side of falafel was delicious and a perfect appetizer. I believe it's green pea falafel, which isn't quite as good as chickpea IMO but still great nonetheless; if a place has falafel, you order it. The mixed mushroom, thyme, and fontina omelette was one of the better omelettes I've had, and I'd say I'm pretty much an omelette connoisseur. It comes with delicious potatoes on the side and a pointless salad (I'm bias against salads). I would recommend getting at least a side order of the challah bread, because, well, it's part of the Israeli experience, I think. I had a hard time deciding on the second dish, as their menu is pretty incredible. Went with the shakshuka poached eggs in a tomato pepper sauce with a side of hummus and pita (they don't skimp you on the hummus either). This was something relatively new for me and it did not disappoint. Sauce is very salsa-like and goes awesome with the poached eggs: very original dish. Careful if you have an uneasy stomach though. We then walked it off down the beautiful streets of Brooklyn with it's tree lined avenues and gorgeous brownstones (I have an affinity for Brooklyn). I will be back.
