I have a moderate amount of New Haven sushi experience, and Kumo is probably my favorite place to go for uncooked sea fauna. I'm no sushi connoisseur, so for the most part when I order a tuna and avacodo roll from establishment A vs establishment B, it tastes the same to me (though I assume I'd know were the fish rotten). This means that, for me, price is what's important, and that's where Kumo really stands out. Every evening and all Sunday, Kumo offers 50% off their sushi. For their common rolls you can order 2 or under $10, and 4 for around $15. For a guy like me who can only eat 3-4 rolls before filling up, this is perfect. Other good things about the restaurant include... 1 - it has a clean, pleasant, modern look. 2 - the hibachi cooks can be fun to watch (though it's usually the same routine, so you really only need to see it once). 3 - its location, which is walkable and bikeable from both the east rock area and downtown when the weather is nice. However, there are a couple of aspects that keep Kumo from greatness. 1 - it's unclear from the menu which items are eligible for the 50% discount. Be sure to ask your waiter. 2 - an 18% tip is often added to your bill automatically, even with small parties. Also, the 18% is taken from the full price of your food, not the discounted total. So this eats into the savings a little. What's worse is they are not very upfront about either of these practices, which can make it feel like they're trying to scam you. 3 - like in most all sushi places, the specialty rolls are very expensive even when considering that they're selling at 50%. If you like your sushi really elaborate or are the sort of person who wants to eat 30+ pieces in a single sitting, you're better off finding an all you can eat sushi place (of which there are several in the greater New Haven area). And while the tipping practices seem a little underhanded, in the end the prices are still very reasonable, and if you're really looking to save money they do take out orders which lets you circumvent the tip altogether. In the end, I'd strongly recommend Kumo to anyone who enjoys simple sushi rolls and likes to eat a few rolls per meal.
