My fiancee and I met with some friends here and I'm SO glad they introduced us to this place!  We got there around 645 on a Monday and had to wait about 30-40 min for a table.  Apparently, that's not bad at all and we were told that the wait can be up to two hours on the weekends. In order to try the variety of meatballs and sauces, my fiancee and I ordered three sliders each ($3 each).  I ordered all beef with mushroom gravy, beef with pesto, and the special with the special sauce (I think this was buffalo chicken with a bleu cheese sauce).  My fiancee ordered the spicy pork with spicy marinara, beef with pesto, and the special with special. I ate the buffalo chicken with bleu cheese first.  The slider was delicious, but the meatball itself was very soft.  I expected the ball to be more firm.  I was afraid the bleu cheese sauce would be smothered all over the slider and overpower the meat, but it totally wasn't.  I was able to taste the meat and the buffalo sauce with a hint of bleu cheese. The beef with mushroom gravy underwhelmed me.  It seemed as though the gravy was missing and the slider was more like a meatball with some mushrooms.  My fiancee said the spicy pork with spicy sauce was good, but agreed with me that the beef with pesto was the best.  The pesto was amazing  - nutty and fresh. We also ordered market salads as a side dish ($5).  I forget what ingredients they used that day, but the salad, especially the vinaigrette dressing, was BOMB.  I wish I had ordered a full size and still had room for the sliders. We finished with the ice cream sandwiches.  I got vanilla ice cream with one snickerdoodle and one special cookie (that day it was milk chocolate cherry or something).  The special cookie was SO good, I ended up ditching my snickerdoodle.  The fiancee got the espresso ice cream with chocolate chip cookies and LOVED it, especially the ice cream. I took away a star for portion size.  The portions were a little small for the price, but maybe that's because we got sliders and not a sandwich.  Also, the cookies used for the ice cream sandwich were hard (as in because they might have been overbaked or stale, not because they were cold). I would totally come back here again - just wish I had more time in NYC!
