Deciding to come to the Vientiane Cafe, a Laotian/Thai restaurant, was a pretty easy choice after hearing a positive review about it from a friend. The only difficult part to getting out here would be convincing my other friends that it would be worth the short trek from Penn's campus. Always looking to explore affordable options outside of Penn's standard offerings, I finally got a small group to come out to try the place on a slow weekend. The Vientiane has a small storefront located along a row of other randomly put-together offerings, including a record store and a Chinese take-out restaurant. Upon entering the restaurant, there was a sense of warmth and community as the waiters and kitchen hummed along and the diners happily focused on their food and conversation. Stepping in from the chilly walk and the proximity of the other tables certainly helped set the mood too. Luckily for us, we came just in time to snag the last available table. Promptly after we arrived, a small line began to form outside. As a side note, it's probably better to come a bit earlier for dinner because the restaurant only has seating for about 20-25 people. The prices for entrees, about $8-$12 for most items, were in-line with what I was expecting and were pretty well-sized. We tried to order more Laos-influenced and less commonplace Thai dishes. We ended up sharing 4 entrees--homemade sausage, laab, sweet basil with chicken, and a pineapple fried rice--and stick rice, figuratively the "glue" to this meal as it absorbed the delicious sauce. The sticky rice came in these cool, little Laotian rice baskets which were used for steaming the rice. I'm sure the rice baskets are commonplace, but I was really excited to see them (*note to self: must get out more). After the meal, we were all quite satiated and satisfied with our meal, including the bill, which came to roughly $15 per person (all-inclusive). For my first foray into Laotian cuisine, I was happy with the experience. Compared to other Asian cuisines, there was greater use of mint, cilantro and spices to bring out the flavor in the meat dishes. My favorite was the laab dish, a warm minced meat salad served with chilis and mint. It is allegedly  also the unofficial national dish of Laos (I'm always amused where Wikipedia sources their information when there are no footnotes). I would definitely come back for a lunch or dinner with a small group of friends.
