This place is Brooklyn's hidden gem! Let me preface this by informing you that I normally can't eat out due to having a lot of food allergies. But on special occasions I will let myself have a treat. So when I do cheat knowing that I will be miserable the next few days it better be worth it! And trust me Ive been to a ton of hyped places that were not worth it. After looking at a lot of places I decided to come here for my birthday. I brought a group of friends and even though it was a Saturday night without reservations we were able to be seated immediately. The food was amazing! I have found that it is hard to find good southern food in NY. But Beehive is the real deal. I had the fried okra, fried green tomatoes and the shrimp and grits. Plus a biscuit on the side. (Hey, I only get to do this once in awhile!) The biscuit was noms, the fried tomatoes were a little too spicy for me but my boyfriend loved them. The okra was good (maybe a lil overcooked, but still yummy and authentic). But the thing that blew my mind and made write this was their shrimp and grits. If you get this you will not regret it. The grits were creamy and velvety and the shrimp and sauce on top was extremely similar to Shrimp Creole, which is my favorite southern dish of all time. It reminded me so much of my grandmothers recipe. The shrimp were cooked to perfection and exploded with flavor. I was only a little annoyed that my friends kept trying to talk to me while I was trying to savor these bites. My friends had the build your own biscuits and all were in love. One got the chicken fried steak. This is a dish normally done quite different in the north than it is in the south, but theirs was the real deal. On top of all this the place was cute and the owner came out and was extremely attentive. They had had a little trouble with a chef not being able to show that day. Being a man down in the kitchen I can't imagine how much better it is on a regular day. I will definitely be back here for my next cheat day!!!! And I want to try that hummingbird cake next time!
