If you want to experience bad attitude from Manager, come here. If you want to experience an unprofessional staff that only listens to the idiotic Manager, come here. If you can't get the gist of the experience, it all laid in the hands of the Manager. We arrived as a party of four to wait on a Tuesday for Happy Hour. We've been here before and were excited to dine and drink here. After two pitchers of sangria and about 1.5 hours of waiting (all the while, the hostess profusely apologizing but not doing much about it and table of TWO and SIX were being sat) we finally sat at a table. Once we sat down at the table with not much apology from the staff (other than the hostess) we ask if we can still obtain Happy Hour prices due to the long wait and the obvious lack of knowledge in proper seating procedures. The waitress went to ask the Manager, who was an ABSOLUTE a**. We asked if they could still honor Happy Hour prices for the food since we waiting so long to eat. He said all he could do was offer half off drinks. We said that we didn't need anymore drinks as we already paid for that up front at the bar whilst waiting 1.5 hours to EAT. Not once did he say "sorry", not once did he try to understand our perspective. Instead, he went to go ask the hostess what time we were on the list and came back to us to say "you were NOT waiting 1.5 hours, you came here at 7:05, that is only 50 mintutes". As I'm looking at my watch and it's 8:35.... The way he treated us was incredibly foul and he obviously had no service training and if he did...well that place is not going to be around for long with him managing the place. We told him that we were not going to eat with that poor attitude. So then we see him tell his staff not to serve us anymore...not even WATER. He literally said that in earshot of us. To say the least, the night was a bust at Yuca due to him...this place can get by with the Happy Hour deals and the food is decent, but with this staff and manager, there's no way it will last much longer. Go to Caracas Arepas Bar, at least that wait is worth it...the staff there is incredibly nice.
