Our family of 4 was hankering for some real Southern BBQ, not chain-restaurant pseudo-Q.  We decided to Google BBQ in our area and this was one of the many that came up.  The reviews were decent and the menu looked good and with a name like "The Wood Pit" how could we go wrong? We pulled up to this small storefront that you almost don't know is there.  We were lucky to get a parking spot in front but the parking can be tough, right on the edge of town parking is not plentiful, but; with an apparently large take-out business cars came and went from the spaces in the front, so if you don't get a space, just wait patiently and in a few minutes a spot should open up. We observed from the outside what looked like a low-key place.  Nicely decorated but by no means fancy.  I wasn't sure they even had tables because it was hard to see in the windows.  As we approached the door the smell of hickory drew us in, at that point I would have eaten sitting on the floor it smelled so good!  As soon as we saw the paper towel rolls on the tables serving as napkins I knew we would be happy here. We grabbed a seat by the big screen TV which kept the kiddies happy (Ok, so they are 9 and 11 and not exactly kiddies but they do like TV and it was a good distraction regardless).    The staff was friendly and welcoming, as were the other customers!  We ordered the Beef Family Pack.  It came with beef ribs, brisket, 4 sides and cornbread.  As we suspected, The Wood Pit did not disappoint.  I am confused by some reviews that state the ribs were dry because this is a dry rub... anyway, the ribs came out blackened to perfection and the brisket was so tender it fell apart it with a fork.  The cornbread was so good with pieces of corn baked right in I could have eaten it for dessert.  The sides were also very good.  This is Southern BBQ, not Texas style, so I think anyone disappointed is expecting something different.  We ordered the collard greens which were tasty, not seasoned though so if you need added flavor to enjoy collard greens, which I don't,  you may not like these.  The beans and yams were made with a thick molasses sauce, very good.   We can't give them 5 stars though, and here is why.  The fridge was not stocked with enough beverages.  The choices were very slim, either a can of coke, a bottle of diet, Joe's Teas, or a few flavored Diet Snapples.  The other item that was disappointing was the cole slaw.  With all this delicious home-made food the cole slaw was mass-produced institutional, not home-made which we thought for sure it would be.  One more thing that didn't bother us too much but might bother some, is that you will be served on foam plates with plastic utensils.  For us it felt like a real BBQ.  The final disappointment for us was the desserts, or the lack thereof.  They apparently have an amazing dessert assortment made by a local woman.  We were really looking forward to taking home a piece of cobbler, but they were out of all the cobblers.  They had some other choices like red velvet cake and chocolate cake but we weren't looking for cake.  That is probably more just the nature of the beast.  A "once it's gone for the day it's gone" sort of thing. All of that said, for a total of $55, we would be happy to visit The Wood Pit again, and probably will!  The next time we will bring a bottle of wine or some beer (like the table next to us did), will try the chopped chicken and the pork ribs, won't order the cole slaw, and will come earlier hoping for cobbler!
