Get ready because this will be long! Wow! I had high expectations for this place because of all the good reviews before me but wow!! Just wow! For a little backstory, I got engaged on Christmas day and my fiance and I wanted to do a quick celebration with close friends. As usual, I took to Yelp to find a new brunch spot that could accommodate a group of 12-15. I found BeeHive and immediately made a reservation for the next day (a Saturday). Well, it ended up that I had to change the reservation to Sunday because of some schedule changes, so Saturday morning I called BeeHive and explained my situation and was told I would get a call back in a few hours. I received a call within the hour from John. Let me just tell you, from that moment on, my fiance and I and our group were well taken care of! John made it known that they actually did not take reservations for brunch but was happy that I called because now he had a heads up that a large group would be coming. He even suggested a time for my group and I to gather and that he would do what he could to make us comfortable. Well, he did that and so much more! The moment I arrived, he came out to greet me and ensured that we would be seated soon. My group of about 15 was seated within about 15 min!! And that's mostly because we were waiting for a few more of my group to arrive. Now the food... well let's just say no one left hungry nor with a crumb on their plate! And these were some picky people!! The biscuits are amazing (I bought a bag to take home!), the pepper jam is to die for and the sausage gravy hits your savory spot HARD! A few in my group had the jezebel wings which were apparently delicious because I didn't even have time to ask for a bite! The deviled eggs were super tasty and the fried chicken was the perfect amount of salty and so perfectly juicy! Oh and the fried green tomatoes, the fried okra, and the prickly pear mimosa!!! Yumm! I can't wait to go back! Good thing I'm not too far! Ok I don't want to keep rambling on but just go here and give John a big hug because he is the sweetest man! The whole BeeHive crew was so warm and welcoming to us and for that I am super grateful! By the way, John co-owns BeeHive with his wife who is the chef (and who also came out to greet us!) and their daughter, Emily, is one of the servers! What a beautiful family they are! So many restaurants in Brooklyn, especially in Williamsburg but it's not often that you come across a more accommodating and friendly group of people! Just go!
