Shortly after I wrote my review of Prospect a few weeks ago, one of the owners contacted me with the most heartfelt apology. He asked if I would consider coming back one day for a meal to have a chance to try the cuisine. That meal was had this past sunday night. Now, onto the breakdown of the evening! Service: The service could not have been any better. Our waiter was one of the best I have had the pleasure of dining with in a very long time. He remembered us from our ill fated first attempt and was full of recommendations (all were spot on) and witty pleasantries. The other waitstaff assisting also were very attentive if our waiter (I am sorry I didn't get his name) wasn't available for the moment. Appetizers: butternut squash soup with a root beer foam and roasted marshmallows, beef carpaccio and scallops. The scallops were the biggest hit of the evening according to my fellow seafood eating diners. The soup was delicious, smooth and well balanced. Unlike many butternut squash soups, this was wonderfully seasoned with just enough sweetness. Entrees: we sampled four entrees consisting of the cassoulet, chicken breast, duck breast and the skate. As a side, we took the recommendation of our waiter, ordering the candied brussel sprouts. Each and every bite from each plate was better than the last. The chef managed to make food that was as perfectly seasoned as it was beautiful to look at. My chicken in particular was full of flavor, moisture and flavor contrast. It was perfectly roasted. The brussel sprouts are an absolute must with their sweet/salty/crispy parts. Yum! All 4 diners were members of the clean plate club at this meal. Desserts: We tried all three desserts that included the s'mores with bourbon chocolate mousse and meringue, a beautiful citrus cake and Weiss Cake with roasted banana cake and stout ice cream. Each was pleasing to the eye and full of different flavor/consistency contrasts. Each pairing worked perfectly! Drinks: the guys didn't get alcoholic drinks, but both myself and my friend sampled a red and white from the wine menu. Both were delish. I had a Sauvignon Blanc and she had a Shiraz. Each paired perfectly  with the meal. After dinner I had a soothing lavender mint tea, my husband had an Americano and our friend had an espresso. All very good. What can i say? I left Prospect and told my husband that this was THE best meal I have had in Ft. Greene to date. That reminds me, I do believe in second chances.
