As a longtime fan of Southwark, anyone who knows me knows that I am a fan of this spot - - but I realized I hav never written a review; so now is a perfect time, since my partner John and I had a wonderful meal there this past Friday night, We started the night with a taste for some microbrews - and decided that Southwark was a grand destination - and close to home. We sampled a few brews on tap and settled in with  Smuttynose IPA; a crisp floral and hoppy pint of beer. We sat at the bar, partly to have easier access to the tap selection and mostly to hang out with George and owner Kip - full of chat and bad jokes, these two represent all that was good about old-school bartending. To repeat others; if you are searching for a classic drink, this is your destination. We started our meal with the traditional Farmhouse Platter; which has been on the menu since the start; but constantly changes its ingredients of artisan cheeses, meats, fruit, nuts, olives and homemade breads. Although the names escape me, the selection of bleu and the chocolate-seasoned meats were fascinating! I had what has become a summer tradition for me at Southwark (and soon to fall from the menu as the season changes); barbequed smoked pork belly, baked beans, wilted greens, with a Birchrun blue cheese sauce. The cut of pork was almost a foot long and succulent with each bite. John opted for the special dishes; a shrimp starter served over a sweet spicy mix of greens and watermelon - and pan-seared scallops - three extra large pieces - each larger than a silver dollar and about an inch thick ... wonderfully done. We decided to go with a classic dessert to split; homemade mint chocolate chip with mega-chunks of chocolate between two dark chocolate cookies. Although we didn't have it, I was told that we should head back before the season ends to try their Berry Milkshake; malted goat's milk, fresh berries and whipped cream. Overall - a wonderful dinner, complete with a great atmosphere! BTW, for those who have been to Southwark but not in a while, their dining room was completely renovated and do take advantage of their patio dining before the winter chills settle in.
