Words cannot describe how mortified I was after suggesting Kumo for a hibachi night out.  Walked into reservations right on time and were promptly seated to an empty hibachi grill area that seated 8.  As there were only four of us, they seated us to the left half of the grill and awaited other patrons to fill the table before getting started. This is fine and totally practical but if it's more than 15-20 minutes, cut your losses and get started. The four of us decided on hibachi with sushi bar appetizers, and a round of Scorpion Bowls.  So far, so good.  The gyoza that friends had ordered looked good as the chef complied with the "extra crispy" request and the sushi roll that I ordered was amazing.  Fresh tasting and full of flavor.  4 Scorpion bowls get placed in front of us, full of juice and flaming... just as expected.  At this time, the table fills up with two couples and our soup & salad have been brought out.  We all eat, chat, eat, chat, chat...chat... until we realize that our chef seems to be MIA.  When one chef by the name of "Tony" gets to our table, he's sweaty and obviously on his way to becoming intoxicated.  With a greeting of "what's up bitches" and telling us to buy another round of drinks because "money ain't a thing" it became clear to me how this night was going to turn out.  Tony went around the table confirming dinner orders, calling one of the african american patrons at our table "Hot Chocolate" and the italian girl next to me a "Sexy Puerto Rican".  Really?  Did he want go go there?  It's not like any of us sat down and said we're here so "Yan Can Cook" can cook for us.  The stereotyping was a HUGE turn off for me.  As was Tony taking a sip from my friends Scorpion bowl.  Who does this? Oh wait, the shit-faced hibachi chef.    The  night progresses, Tony becomes more inebriated ordering himself a drink as well as a round for the table on him.  He cooks our vegetables, rice and shrimp appetizer and disappears to another table to get "some bitches phone numbers".  Those are his words, upon returning to our table. Tony then quickly cooks up steak and throws chicken on the grill for about 5 minutes before cutting it up and serves it to us.  The chicken was raw.  Like straight up pink and cold on the inside.  Our party quickly finished up what WAS actually edible and asked for the check.  Well wouldn't that be quite the surprise when it arrived.  Topping off at almost $300, I immediately looked over the bill to see that the round on Tony was billed to us, as was the 2 inedible chicken dinners and a birthday dessert that we never received.  When I brought this to the hostess, she couldn't have been more apologetic.  What my problem at this point was that she actually said "this happens often, we are so sorry".  I felt bad for the poor girl comping everyones bill because I felt as though she was posted at this station for just that purpose.   It's a shame too, because the sushi was excellent, the chefs making the sushi were sober and I know they have incredible deals on sushi here.   Unfortunately I will not be returning to this location.  If I want hibachi, I'll go to Tengda and if I want sushi, I'll visit their location on Skiff Street.
