It takes a special kind of finesse, skill, & attention to even the most minute details to be able to realize an authentic Italian dining experience here in the U.S. Rizzuto's does this...flawlessly. Having grown up in Italy, where authenticity is the fundamental ingredient in the creation of all meals whether made in a modest country farm house or in a Michelin-rated Milanese restaurant, I'd like to think I have a penchant for all things Italian...especially when it comes to food. (In other words, if I might suggest, modestly, that I'm a credible source- which is dubious in the case of many yelpers!) The beginning of this summer was my first introduction to rizzutos. I was invited for pre-drinks at a nearby venue, and we then carried on into rizzutos to take advantage of their happy hour menu.  First impressions are everything. The GM, a very hands-on, articulate guy, John, ushered us into the bar area and introduced us to a bartender, Jen, and told us she would accommodate us in any way. Excellent first impression. The aroma from the wood fire was intoxicatingly delicious. Just. Like. Italy. The wine selection spoke to the owner's (Bill I believe his name is whom I have yet to meet and would love to hear his story!) awareness of Italian fine wines...with some very fine Barolos. The open, limitless feeling of the interior space was reminiscent of a roman restaurant...vibrant, colorful and full of energy. The happy hour bites were extremely reasonable and were absolutely delicious...the little savory dishes abided by American happy hour conventions, but maintained an Italian flare...which my guests and I appreciated. I've been back a few times for dinner, and wi continue to do so. It's a place I now insist in taking all my foodie friends and family. The cheese plate was also indicative of the well informed chef & owner. Sourcing not only Italian delicacies like the dreamy burrata, but also an homage to local artisans like Cato corner right here in colchester ct. For dinner...one must try the braised veal osso buco which is heavenly adorned with goat cheese infused polenta and (my favorite!) kale! The pastas, in particular the pappardelle are made in house, and are terribly authentic. I rarely take the time to expend this amount of effort to extol the virtues of something...but this place is most certainly deserved of it.
