I just got back from my first brunch, and first dining experience, at London Grill, and I definitely won't be going back. It's Philly Marathon weekend, and a group of us went in to eat after the race. We'd made reservations, but when I arrived, the hostess was rude and almost made it feel like I was inconveniencing her by asking to be seated. I'm pretty tolertant, having been in the business a while, but man, she was just plain rude. Strike one. They had us in a sort of private room, which was nice, but holy cow, it had to be about 90ยบ in there. It was incredibly uncomfortable, but not a huge problem. The hostess, still rude, kept reminding us how busy they were and how glad she was we were being patient with her in possibly the most insincere tone humanly possible. I don't remember any of us having expressed dissatisfaction with the wait or the service at that point, so not sure why she felt the need to remind us they were busy. We had three ladies, rude hostess included, waiting on our party, and we admittedly weren't an easy party to handle with folks coming and going as the race was ending. But it took 30 minutes to have our order taken. I ordered a hot cider, which was $4, and it was obviously from a mix. Seriously?! It took another hour for the food to arrive. I ordered the poached eggs, and they were completely tasteless. The polenta tasted like it hadn't been seasoned at all. Also, they arrived completely cold. All five of us who received food at that time noted how cold the food was, but we didn't want to send it back because it took an hour to arrive in the first place. Strike two. When it came time to pay, several of us were pretty antsy, and it took half an hour for us to get the check after we asked for it. Then, it took another 15-20 minutes for us to get it back. And of course, an 18% gratuity had been added, which I didn't want to pay. Tips should be earned, period. Strike three. I left angry I'd paid $26 for apple-flavored sugar water and cold, flavorless eggs, and that the entire process took three hours. I'm giving them two stars instead of one because the food was edible...mostly.
