So Ter (an aspiring vegetarian) and I decide that we are going to go visit Esther in NY. (Hi Terri H.!, Hi Esther K.!). So I pop on yelp to find a good restaurant in the NYC area. A restaurant so expensive that after our meal we would have a whole lot of dish washing to do. Ne hooz, we each had the 5 course, 48 dollar tasting menu. And we all thought it was a good steal, considering the quality and taste of the food. Our first course was the phyllo crusted shrimp with an assortment of seafood and the sashimi. The sashimi was hands down my fav. (But a valuable lesson I learned in NY is, if you have a hangover, sushi is not a brilliant idea). So once again, if you are hungover the day you go to Bouley, I suggest you stay away from the sashimi. For the second course, my posse and I decide on the farm egg steamed with truffle oil, ham and 25 yr old balsamic vinegar. However, the truffle oil and vinegar mixture looked an awful like a foam party I attended in college with... You guessed it with Ter and Esther. ME: Hey guys doesn't this look like that foam party we went to in college. ESTHER: OMG. Hahaha. ME: You know I was dry for 2 weeks. TER: (inspects plate) Oh. It really does look like a foam party on a plate. Ter picks up piece and puts in her mouth.. TER: Oh party in my mouth... Next thing you know we decide that we were idiots in college for going to a foam party in... winter. And how the truffle oil foam truly, really, indeed looked like a foam party on a plate. After the party we literally white and flakey, like the parmesan in our dish. HAHA. We decided the dish was perfect until mention of the notorious foam party. Ok, back to 2008, Esther and I had the farm raised baby pig. Babe has never tasted so good. The meat was fresh and juicy. Ter opted for the duck, an unfortunate aftermath from watching too many PETA specials. Did you know you can order you duck rare? I always thought you had to cook your poultry all the way through. *shrug*  (anyone please advise). After our main course we finished with what felt like 6 desserts. Ter was in heaven, which is a good thing because as I was ordering, I stuck my finger between my nostrils and said oink to the waiter. Bet you the people at Bouley were like, "Who let these idiots in?". Esther and I thought it was funny. But after that Miss Piggy impression Terri wanted to sock me. She said I looked like a pig on a PETA special and she loves animals so much she can't eat them. Thanks for not wanting to eat me, Ter! Foam on Bouley, foam on!
