There's a rule that I go by when deciding a restaurant is worth a return trip for my time and money - you can have good food and bad service OR bad food and good service, BUT YOU CAN NEVER HAVE BOTH BAD FOOD AND BAD SERVICE. I had really wanted to like this restaurant.  Many good things have been said about Max Restaurant Group.  It seemed promising.  I wanted to be able to tell my friends in the NYC area that there is food up in Hartford!  Except that... this was an utter failure. I'm not trying to be pretentious or whatever... but if I'm going to pay more than $10 a plate for food, it just better be worth it.  If restaurants or restaurant groups want to compete with Manhattan & Westchester, they really need to step up their game.  Like, when I go to Q in Mount Kisco, it's not fine dining, but costing me $14 for a giant amount of pretty awesome food served by pleasant people... that works.  Trumbull Kitchen -- trying to look upscale with white linens, candle lights, requiring reservations... only to serve me what was probably the driest and least flavorful pulled pork and somewhat wretched fondue by a waitress that was never to be found and taking forever... just irritates me! Mind you, a friend in my group ordered the same thing as I did... and his food looked different!! What the ---?!  Where's the quality control?  Where's the getting what you ordered?  Why is my plate of food different?  Diners should not have to ask each other what's on each other's plate if they ordered the same thing.  Plus, if the kitchen is going to change the plate a bit, I would hope that maybe, just maybe, the quality of the food would be different.  Nope.  Sorry.  His pulled pork still left A LOT to be desired. Two of my other friends had ordered burgers.  Maybe playing it a little safe.  It is a little difficult to screw up a burger.  After the ridiculously long wait between appetizer and main course, the food finally shows up.  The burgers looked a little dry... and as if the chef's hand squashed the whole sandwich (there was a palm print on-the-bun, for goodness' sake). And as by what my Guinness drinking friends were telling me about the Guinness (and even a third person who doesn't even drink  Guinness much)... wasn't that good.  How do you screw up something that all you have to do is pour it?  Granted there's a technique to pouring beer... but come on. I'm sorry. It doesn't take 30 damn minutes to pour beer.... or another 30 minutes to get us our check.... or 30 minutes to serve the main course after the appetizers have been cleared.  It doesn't.  Nor should I have had to constantly wonder where the hell our waitress was.  I was about to go inside and harass the manager. And, no, I didn't even finish my food.  I always finish my food.  How do you like that?
