Me and some friends decided to meet-up after work for dinner, and I suggested we try El Pollo Inka as I've eaten lunch here before. First off, about 3 minutes away is the famous Pio Pio, another Peruvian restaurant that is very well known.  We've eaten at Pio Pio several times and the food there is awesome but can get pricey as the restaurant is pretty big and very well decorated.  In comparison El Pollo Inka is much smaller and casual (not in a negative way at all). We were pretty hungry so we ordered 3 apps: the diced cow hearts, tamales, and the mussels ceviche. Let me tell you I've never eaten heart before, and being a lean muscle I was expecting a relatively tough piece of meat with a texture similar to other organ meats.  Boy was I wrong; the heart was nice and juicy, well seasoned, and had no organ meat taste/texture.  I could have sworn it was a nice skirt steak. The tamale was pretty good, but nothing wowing. The mussel ceviche was really tasty with plenty of powerful citrus flavor and the mussels were very fresh. For the entree we ordered the Inka combo 4 which consists of 1 whole grilled chicken, 1 fried rice, 1 avocado salad, 1 serving of red beans, 1 platter of french fries & sliced hot dogs, and 1 plate of sweet plantains. All the side dishes were very good, but of particular note were the french fries and sliced hot dogs.  I wasn't expecting much from this side dish but the fries were fried perfectly (come on who doesn't like a nice french fry!), and the hot dogs were really tasty (tasted more like a nice pork sausage). The chicken was equally good, and being the highlight of the entree I can't help but compare it to the famous Pio Pio grilled chicken.  Tenderness and juiciness of the chicken I can honestly say is pretty much equal between the restaurants, but in my opinion the Pio Pio is seasoned a little more (again not a bad thing). It really comes down to whether you like your grilled chicken a little more seasoned.  When it comes down to it, I love my Peruvian grilled chicken with copious amounts of the traditional table side jalapeno sauce, so it's all good. In my opinion El Pollo Inka is pretty much Pio Pio minus the fancy decor and higher price.
