Yum! It's fancy, yes.  But Boqueria is also casual enough to not be off-putting.   I hung out here after pre-holiday shopping in the freezing December wind, and was SO happy to be inside drinking fantastic Spanish wine and sharing great food.  My friend and I were curious about everything on the menu, and although it was a very busy Sunday night in SoHo, we did not feel rushed or crowded.  Our waiter gave a few terrific suggestions, which we did well to follow. We started with Datilés con Béicon (dates stuffed with almonds and Valdéon, wrapped in Bacon, $7 for three pieces -very good but I thought there should be at least one more on the plate), Txipirones (Baby squid a la Plancha, black olive vinaigrette, $11 -AMAZING!!! The best.  So good.), Jamón Serrano (aged Spanish ham, just like we got every morning in Madrid, really good and familiar on toasted bread, $6), and then moved on to Cana de Lomo (hard cured pork loin on toasted bread, so-so, kind of bland for me, $5. I think the Braised lamb shank would have been a better choice.), and a special that was out of this world...shrimp sautéed  with garlic in olive oil brought to the table in the little pan it was cooked in... I wish I could remember more details because it was fantastic). We split a bottle of Torres "Gran Sangre de Toro" 2001.  Beautiful, hearty blend from Cataluna, and one of the cheaper selections at $39.  Loved it. For dessert the waiter steered us towards the Crema Catalana Clásica (caramelized creamy custard), and he was not wrong!  I only wish I'd tried their Café con Leche with it. I sat on a banquette facing the open cooking area, gazing at squid being grilled and the strange Jamon leg being covered and uncovered for slicing.  I like sitting up high.  My cold feet appreciated getting off the floor.  It's a great-looking place, with authentic echoes like the tapas behind glass on the bar you pass on the way in.  In Spain we appreciated being able to just point to what looked good. I recommend Boqueria, and I'll be back.  When I have another fifty to spare.
