I was missing Chinese food, and I found it. For better or for worse, the restaurant carries that authentic sense of sticky dinginess on the interior that I've nostalgically come to associate with "legit" Asian food. (You know, that feeling when you peruse the menu and feel like you should wash your hands? That's when you know the food must be aite.) However, in a somewhat daring layout for an Asian restaurant (if the stereotypes are to be believed), you can actually watch them cook, right in front of the bar seating (aka where you are likely to be seated if you come alone). It's a little unnerving sometimes, to be sitting so close (i.e. I get paranoid if I think people are watching me eat and silently judging my ability to properly use chopsticks).The staff members speak Mandarin and (some of them speak) English. A few employees possibly speak Cantonese, too. The food itself is nothing to write home to your Asian mama about, but it IS a close enough approximation of legit Chinese food to pacify a craving when you aren't desperate enough to hop on over to NYC yet.  The menu has a good variety of dishes to choose from, the food is cheap and it comes out quickly. This will probably be my go-to place for comfort food (read as: already is). The wonton noodle soup with the Cantonese thin egg noodles is my default order. The broth doesn't have the rich, silky mouthfeel of wonton mein in Hong Kong, but if you remember that you're in New Haven, Connecticut, it'll be fine. Likewise, the wonton are more pork than shrimp and a few of their skins might be falling apart, but they taste fine and the chefs aren't stingy with them. If you get the duck wonton noodle soup, you get four slices of roast duck to go alongside your wontons and veggies (you only get one or two cut up stalks normally, but for another dollar you can add more veggies). There's probably MSG in the soup, but what authentic Chinese restaurant would omit that magical additive? The veggies they add to the soups are pre-cooked in a batch and set to the side for until-they're-used-up, but if you order them as a separate side dish, they'll be cooked fresh. Scallion pancakes were alright too. Hot and crispy upon arrival, they're thin but on the dense and oily side. A good appetizer to share. The congee (I had the pork and preserved egg one) is large enough for a meal and comes with adequate pork and preserved egg! Yay for good ingredients-to-rice ratios! It's particularly good for cold or rainy days. In sum: cheap, decent Chinese food. Remind yourself that you're in New Haven, not New York, and enjoy! Caveat: As with any small Chinese restaurant worth its soybeans, you gotta pay in cash. BUT if you forget, they have an ATM located in-store!
