This was one of the three restaurants we chose for our little adventure to Burlington.  We chose Church and Main because of the reviews.  While it was a good choice, the place was a ghost town on a Thursday evening.  There didn't appear to be any locals visiting the restaurant....that should have been a warning. The outside tables were virtually empty, and the dark interior was not overly inviting.  We ordered cocktails. As a bar appetizer, we had the Sunken Meadow Oysters.  They had a good flavor (we liked the fresh horseradish served on the side), but they have only one choice for oysters.  The wait staff was not sure what oysters were available, looked it up on the computer to find that it was not loaded. Somebody finally asked the kitchen.  We had three people to wait on us at the bar...you would have thought somebody would have known what oysters were on the menu.   We moved to the main restaurant because we really did NOT like the bartender.  He seemed a little stuck on himself and boasted that he "doesn't like making the drinks on the cocktail menu" and makes up his own.  He was the downside of the staff. There were no chef specials so everything was from the printed menu.  We were seated at our table and our waitress (who failed to introduce herself) promptly asked if we were ready to order.  Instead, we asked for a new cocktail and a little time to look over the menu. For an appetizer we tried the Point Judith Calamari.  The calamari itself was tasty, however the sweet and sour sauce (house made sweet-chili ginger sauce) at the bottom was a lot like General Tso's chicken sauce.  It had a good flavor, but there was so much that the calamari was drowning in it. We really thought it should have been served on the side instead. The Steak Frites was definitely not a "Prime rib eye"...more like a NY strip.  Something was substituted and charged as a Prime rib eye.  The sides were all pretty good.  The temperature was correct and the seasoning was good, but it wasn't fatty like rib eye normally is.  We felt cheated.  The Portsmouth Scallops were great and had a very flavorful Polenta. It's not a bad place, but nothing we would recommend to our friends.  Sadly, we were discussing our dining experience here and were told by many locals that there "are much better places to eat" and were given some really good recommendations.
