Trendy, popular place both for happy hour and dinner. They focus on steak and sushi. I had been here a few times for happy hour, so I decided to try them for dinner. They are not on OpenTable. If you want to make a dinner reservation, as in days of yore, you have to phone them. Even though it was during the busy happy hour/dinner rush when I called to make the reservation, the maitre d' was incredibly friendly and helpful. Super-knowledgeable too. I asked if they made vegetarian sushi, and she expertly walked me through all the relevant options and all the ingredients in each of those options. I was very  impressed! So I asked about brown rice. Unfortunately, that is not served at Pure...yet. She was just as wonderful when we showed up for dinner--friendly, cheerful, and welcoming. She couldn't have been more perfect at her job! Pure is lucky to have her as their first impression. Our waiter was OK. I don't think he smiled once the entire time. We even got the shy, self-effacing lady who cleared our plates and refilled our glasses to smile. No such luck with our waiter. Just not a smiler! We got edamame and vegetable spring rolls for our appetizers. The edamame came in a generous bowl and was perfectly steamed. The spring rolls were nicely crispy. Both were fantastic. For dinner itself, we both opted for sushi. Our waiter suggested the salmon and tuna. We ordered salmon (nigiri) sushi, and spicy tuna, cucumber, and vegetable sushi rolls. I asked him what was in the vegetable sushi, and he wasn't sure, so checked. Came back and mentioned two of the vegetable ingredients. When I got my plate, the vegetable sushi also included a pickled vegetable that he hadn't mentioned, which made it much more flavourful and tasty. Other than that, he did a great job of handling special instructions and requests. The sushi itself was very fresh and tasty. Portions were perfect. I'm not Japanese, but I have spent a fair amount of time in Japan and have sampled sushi all over. Of all the places I've tried in central Jersey, this easily would be my top pick locally. For dessert, we had the chocolate fondue. It came with cubes of pound cake and fresh fruit (strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, and pineapple), all of which hit the right spot! One order was perfect for two to share. Loved the décor, ambiance, and seating arrangements. I'm adding this place to my list of favourite dining spots around the greater Princeton area. Will definitely be back! Great spot for dates, special occasions, and business meals. They also have a private dining room for group functions, or you can reserve one of the lounge areas. Late at night on weekends, they have a DJ and/or live music.
