The food here is very tasty and very cheap and very fast. My partner and I got an order of the roti canai to start, and then shared the laksa, green curry chicken, and the bone-in ginger duck with scallion rice. All were very tasty, but make sure you pay attention to the staff's warnings if you are seeking a gentle introduction to the cuisine.  Our server rightfully cautioned us that the laksa was very fishy. I am usually a scoffer when it comes to disclaimers like that, since I'm no stranger to fish sauce or funky, fermented flavors, but it was really and truly very very fishy. While I still really liked it I could see how it might be a bit much to the uninitiated, even the typically adventurous ones. That being said, the other dishes we ordered were very friendly to palates accustomed to American Southeast Asian restaurants. The service is pretty much what you'd expect from this kind of restaurant The staff are efficient and pleasant enough, but they are not going to pamper you.   There is a big drawback to the Banana Leaf, though, at least on a Friday night... So my partner and I ate here to celebrate our fourth anniversary. We knew it was not going to be a romantic, fine-dining, white-tablecloth experience and we were happy to breath our fish sauce breaths on each other while slugging some cheap wine from plastic cups. However, we did not expect this place to be as UNBELIEVABLY LOUD AND ROWDY as it is. There were at least thirty belligerent Penn frat brothers playing slap the bag (gross) with pink blush Franzia (grosser), banging their fists on the tables and screaming "DRINK! DRINK!" at the top of their lungs. At least five or six other tables were also so loudly wasted and annoying that any other restaurant would have asked them to leave. Like, I have nothing against having a good time and getting drunk at dinner, but this was beyond the pale. I don't know, maybe I'm becoming a stodgy old coot, but I would have appreciated the staff intervening in the madness. This issue alone will keep me away for Thursday-Friday-Saturday dinner services, regardless of how much I liked the food.
