I was planning a girls night out, and decided to make a 7:30pm reservation at Salinas for Friday after reading through the yelp reviews: 1. Amazing decor - check 2. Young, fun crowd - check 3. Good food / service if you're willing to spend the money - check, girls night out, happy to spend $$$... I arrive at the restaurant at 7:25 and was told by the hostess to wait by the bar, they will seat us when the whole party arrives. Ok! I'm sipping my pinot noir at the bar, one of my gf shows up at 7:30 and we're having a great time catching-up. My third gf, being on asian standard time, didn't get there until 8pm. We didn't mind...this is NY, people show up late, restaurants...especially the hip ones which don't seat you until 30-60 min after you're reserved time...are used to it. Or so we thought. After my gfs and I walk back to the hostess at 8pm, we were told that we couldn't be seated. I smiled - informed the hostess we would eat fast and not delay their next seating. "No" - the rude guy in hat next to the hostess informed me. "We have a strict policy...we give away your table if you're not here w/in 15 min of your reservation time". I looked over, thinking this was the manager, and said "two of us were here at 7:30...we sat at your bar waiting for our friend. At no point did anyone come over at 7:45pm to inform us that our table was going to be given away". His response? "Well...I was going to come tell you but I have a restaurant to run. Look at our sign - our policy is we give away your table w/in 15 min". WOW! Really?!?! You have a restaurant to run?! RIGHT! And part of your job is to come tell your patrons about your table policy, especially when 2 out of 3 guests from the party have been there waiting patiently for 30 min. Turns out the guy's the actual owner of the restaurant....which makes it even worse! If you don't know how to treat your guests, I don't care how swanky, delicious the food is. There are plenty of restaurants in meatpacking where I can spend $$$$$ and hang out w/ rich snooty people and wait for my table. At least the hostess / owners there will at least pretend to be nice. I will never be back here, needless to say.
