I've been here two times and both times were amazing. You walk into a nice little place with one communal table and a few two person tables with a bar on one side of the building. When you sit down, the waitresses come over and hand you a menu and a marker to check off what you want. You can get sliders, a dish, etc with a choice of a couple of meatballs and a couple of sauces and a couple of sides (lots of choices to make!) and that's before you factor in the desserts! It's fun to do and the three people I've been there with, who had never been there before either, loved it for being different(a 13 year old girl and a 17 year old girl) than what they were used to, as I did. Went the first with 2 others and we got there about 10-15 minutes before opening and there was a line of a few people in front of us, but we got in right away. I had the vegetarian meatballs(I was a vegetarian at the time) in the red sauce(on a dish). Best veggie balls i've ever had. Actually, best meatballs I've ever had. And I grew up in a 99% Italian neighborhood where every mother served me meatballs when I visited! Even their potatoes were delicious(butter.. yummmmm...) The waitress was lovely and helped my baby sister out with the menu and let her change her order a bit (picky eater) and, due to the place being rather tiny, was always around in case you needed something, not that you really will since this is a rather quick eat(don't count on staying here for an hour) The second time I went, I went with a friend of mine who had been living in Switzerland for a year and we got there a bit after opening and put in the two seaters. It was much emptier than the first time I went, maybe 6 other people in the entire place, so we could hear each other's conversation much better. This time I got the lamb-mint meatballs and.. wow. I never knew I liked lamb(this being about a month after I started eating meat for the first time in 6 years) until I tried this meatball but once I tried it, I was on a lamb frenzy(food carts and gyro places were eaten at aplenty) for 2 weeks. Again, waitress was lovely. Great feeling and she thought it was awesome, told her friends that they had to go later and has made me promise to bring her next time she visits. Potatoes weren't as buttery this time but still good and the ice cream sandwich was delicious, though a bit messy. My friend ended up getting two ice cream sandwiches and was about to buy herself some more meatballs before I remembered my wallet would be emptied for dinner later. It's fine to bring the kids here, people next to us had 3 kids under 6 and the kids were having a blast with the menu until they were even more excited at having meatballs in a restaurant(weird to me, everybody I knew got meatballs(on a hero) whenever they went to a restaurant!) but it's great for a casual date as well. Don't expect anything fancy but it's great fun and freaking delicious.
