It was our first visit to Philly so we just had to do the cheesesteak thing.  Since every local will tell you a different spot for their favorite place we said to ourselves, "Hey, why not try all of them!"  So we had 4 cheesesteaks in a span of 2 days. Felt like shat afterwards, needless to say. Here's my review of Pat's below along with three other famous spots (ordered wiz wit at all spots except at Pat's: Pat's: Right down the street from Geno's, we actually ordered the Provolone here but wished I would've tried the wiz.  The bread here was much better and meat to onion to bread ratio was perfect. Geno's: The ordering process was pretty quick.  Meat was most flavorful according to others in our group. My only complaint but a major one would be the bread.  It was pretty chewy. That pretty much ruined the sandwich experience there for me. Tony Luke's: The wait here was longer than Pat's and Geno's but worth it.  You get free pickles and sweet peppers here which is pretty cool.  My only complaint is that they don't put in enough onions or else it could have been more flavorful. Jim's: This place seems to be growing in popularity quickly and I think might be newer out of the four spots.  The line was pretty long but you do get to see how they make the sandwiches right through the glass pane in front.  It was unorganized when I was there, they forgot to give me my order of sweet peppers and over charged me a sandwich while one guy was throwing me attitude on top of it.  The sandwich seemed to be lacking in flavor though.  I know this sounds terrible but it was lacking that old school grease! LOL  Also, check out their upstairs dining area where you can find autographed photos of celebs that have dined there (who is DeMzel Washington?? haha). Here's my overall rating starting with the best: 1) Pat's 2) Tony Luke's 3) Jim's 4) Geno's There will never be one clear winner for the cheesesteak king title since there are so many differing opinions out there but it's still fun tasting them all to figure out for yourself! Then go run a few miles afterwards.
