I dragged my friends down to East Village to find Pommes Frites because I L-O-V-E fries and pretty much potato anything. After walking many, many blocks in the blistering cold, we find Pommes Frites and gleefully tug at the door to enter. Woops, 5 minutes too early. We're greeted by a grinning woman from inside the store, motioning us to wait a couple more minutes until they officially open. We were too eager to eat fries for brunch! As soon as they opened, we went in to get ourselves warm and fed. Luckily we snagged one of the two tables in the back and got to comfortably seat all six of us. Before I order, I ask the lady behind the counter what makes their fries so different. She tells me that they're authentic Belgian fries, first of all, and that the fries are fried twice to give it a golden, crispier texture. Awesome. But what really set them apart, she continued, was the cornucopia of dipping sauces they had and how it really changes the taste of fries... better than the traditional ketchup and ranch. Sold! Onto ordering... She offers to get us samples of ANY of their sauces. I don't remember all of the ones I tried but I remember liking pretty much every single one. The sauces are GOOD. My boyfriend and I ended up ordering their double cone and I think it's safe to say that our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs... and we can eat a LOT of fries, lol! The double is HUGE. Anyway, the fries were good--they were really crispy but still thick enough to have potato-y goodness needed to really taste the sauces but for some reason I didn't like the overall taste of the fries.  If I were to eat the fries alone, I'd say that they were just o-k (although the texture and blandness are definitely complemented well by the sauces). The sauces are the real bread winners here. Recommended sauces: Blue Cheese, Vietnamese Pineapple Mayo, Parmesan Peppercorn, and the Truffle Mayo, one of their newest sauces. Overall, the fries here are not amazing on their own but Pommes Frites is a unique concept and I enjoyed their sauces. Plus we were so warmly greeted and welcomed... I'm a fan :)
