David's is clean and cheap.  I went last weekend, and there were only a handful of us there.  I was looking for an alternative to the grossly overpriced Katz - the only place I've been for (an admittedly amazing, albiet WAY overpriced) pastrami sandwhich.  The guys here are really nice, talk to you, seem genuinely interested in their work and in what you'd like - very attentive and friendly staff.  They are a family owned business, and I like to support that.  I ordered a large pastrami sandwich - they let me sample the meat, but they needn't have done that - THE SANDWICH WAS ENORMOUS.  I mean, seriously, I could barely finish half!  The meat was good, not the best - it was flavorful, but WAY too fatty.  (And, though flavorful, it was not as good as Katz).  The bread was meh - just a vehicle by which to transport the meat.  They have NO russian dressing.  (Whaaaat?  How can you serve pastrami or have a DELI w/o russian dressing??!!?)  I paid extra to have some coleslaw put on the sandwich.  Katz definitely blasts them right out of the water - the flavor is no comparison.  But if you're not into spending $20 for a smaller sandwich, and just want a decent, flavorful pastrami fix (I also tried their corned beef which was great - they were out of brisket), then head to David's.  I made sure to tell them they need to get some russian dressing - maybe they'll have it next time, I'm definitely going back!  $20 minimum delivery charge, and they will come to Ditmas Park Kensington, yay!  Minus one star for no Russian dressing, and another for the fatty meat.  But 3 stars for the fact that I'm comparing them to the institution that is Katz, (which is somewhat unfair...), because the sandwich WAS good, because the price is excellent, and the amount of food they give you is way fair for what you pay.  Another half star for being so friendly and family owned, for being open to getting some Russian dressing up in there, and the place was super clean.  Go EARLY - they close super super early.  (I would call first, just to make sure of times, esp. on a Sunday).
