This is my neighborhood spot, and one of my favorite restaurants ever. First, the people. Jennifer at the door is wonderful--she has an incredible memory for faces and names and she is just such a lovely, warm person. I never asked the cute bartender's name (the one who often wears a newsboy cap), but when I eat dinner alone at the bar from time to time, he's efficient and noninvasive (he can also be charming and dryly amusing when I'm feeling chatty). The owner is there a lot, and quite friendly. The waitstaff is competent and professional. Next, the food. Their menu is a locavore's delight, with a southern twist. Did you know they have a vegetarian menu if you ask? I really like the fact that they have small bites in case you want a little snack and not a big appetizer. From the snacks menu, the bacon almonds are a standout. If you're in the mood for something a bit more substantial in the way of appetizers, they usually have at least one excellent soup on the menu. I've also tried their ribs, which are delicious and as big as an entree at many places. Their sides are great too--in particular, the fries and seasonal side veggies are consistently great. You can't go wrong with any of their entrees, but my favorites are the lamb salad and the duck meatloaf. I also love their steak, and they always have one or two excellent fish dishes. I enjoy their fried chicken with waffles as well, but as far as southern-style restaurants go, this dish is a bit trite. Maybe go to a true soul food restaurant if you're craving chicken and waffles and don't bother with it here--they have so many other standouts. They always have a great selection of (local) beers and wines, and inventive, cheekily named cocktails (the Carlos Danger, anyone?) As far as desserts are concerned, the real standout is the pecan pie sundae. To die for. Truly. I always order a half portion because it is so rich! When I don't want something sweet, I go for the cheese plate. The sourness of the pickled grapes, crunchiness of the toasted french bred, and sweetness of the honey counterbalance nicely with the creamy/saltiness of the cheese. I'm starting to get hungry just thinking about it. Their brunch is great too. I usually order one of the scrambles and a side of fries. Delicious! The unfortunate thing about this restaurant is that it is almost ALWAYS crowded, and doesn't take reservations for small parties (I think you need like 6 or 8 people to make a reservation). Expect to wait at least 45 minutes, sometimes more than three hours. I think one of the reasons for this is the food is great and isn't that expensive. You could try on a Tuesday or Wednesday night, and you may get lucky. Another trick is find a friend who lives nearby and put your names in in advance (you have to do it in person), and then hang out at your friend's place until they call you. Or you could swig by the Mexican restaurant next door (they have decent margaritas), grab some chips and a beer, and hang out there until they call you. If you can handle waiting a little bit for something good, by all means you must go there.
