This is a review for the restaurant, not the truck (look at the address, it's NOT the Yelp profile for the mobile truck!) I'm in love with this place, everything about it is perfect. Sitting innocently on a corner that could easily be missed, if you find it you will soon realize you've struck gold. You wouldn't tell from looking at the outside but there's plenty of comfortable seating inside. Jose and Margie are sweethearts at the counter and make you feel at home. I would suggest eating in if you have the time, it has that real authentic Mexican/Spanish feel. There are two type of burritos you need to try here that i can speak of; the tripe burrito and the vegetarian. You will immediately taste the difference between a pretty close to authentic Mexican spot like this and a Chipotle or Chinese-run taco spot. They dress up the lettuce with a light dressing that reminds me of eating dinner at my grandmothers house just a few blocks away here in Sunset back when i was a kid. It's not an overwhelming strong dressing but it's just right. The veggies come separate from the burrito with radish, nice thick cut cucumber and tomato. They give you red and green salsa cups that are so much better than the Taco Bell packets, and i used to eat those salsa packets just for fun...the flavors burst in your mouth when you add it to the burrito. The inside of the burrito is stacked and so damn tasty it makes me cry. Their homemade guacamole is the best you will find in a burrito anywhere in Brooklyn. They don't over stack the beans and rice so you can taste everything else and the tripe is cooked perfectly. The take out menu isn't the easiest read so if you go in just look at their dine-in menu to get a better idea of what they have to offer, and get a Mexican soda with your burrito! A veggie burrito will cost you $7 and is worth every penny. Ask for extra guacamole and they usually won't charge extra. Tacos El Bronco is a gem and deserves the bright shiny 'people love us on Yelp' sticker that is proudly plastered on the front door.
