Being a Battersby fan my husband and I were totally excited to see that Dover took over the "Vinzees Magic Fountain" fries and ice-cream joint on the corner of 1st and Court St in Carroll Gardens. Couple things - ignore the fact that the space is pretty devoid of personality, the bistro chairs look like rentals and the ambiance is nothing like the warm welcoming little kitchen restaurant of Battersby. Once you start eating the food and dig into the experience, you will not notice these little things. We sat at the bar - wine list is totally reasonable and the bartender was super nice, attentive and made fabulous recommendations. The type of service where he was on point but never hovering. Because the space doesn't seem "fancy" you forget that you are eating at a fine dining restaurant, but you totally are. We ordered ala carte and surprisingly they started us out with a couple amuse bouche - tiny little pastry puffs filled with creamy warm cheese and then an incredible smooth vegetable root soup so delicious I wish I had a big bowl full. Fresh baked bread served 2 dips (white bean and a ricotta with honey) was addicting - which, of course, we ate the entire loaf plus the little fennel crackers in about 5 minutes (I have no restraint). We ordered: Cauliflower Salad Truffle Chicken for 2 Cod with brown butter potatoes, capers and tomatoes (Cod Grenobloise) - small portion The cauliflower salad was fabulous - with raisins, hazelnuts and I swear I detected a little fish sauce in the vinegary sauce to give it a little unami flavor.Yum. Truffle chicken was so amazing - served in 2 ways, first with the a confit style chicken salad (sounds weird but it's probably my description - really delish) and then in a little black Staub pan is the roasted chicken with only the best parts of the chicken perfectly succulent and with crispy skin and served with melty gruyere and truffle potato hash. Oh, did I mentioned all the black truffles? Yes, tons of them and NO not awful truffle oil, the real deal. Cod was perfect - great size. And since I love anything with capers this hit high for me. Fish at Battesby is always cooked to perfection and this too was that. Clearly these guys know what to do with a piece of fish. We skipped dessert - way too full which honestly is fine by me. Just a note - this is not an inexpensive meal but absolutely worth it. Plus, you can probably order things that are a little cheaper and not drink two bottles of wine ;). Enjoy! Can't wait to go back!
