Several people told me White Dog's a great spot to take your parents, so after graduation yesterday, we decided to try it out for a late lunch. Before I go on to the food, I'll pay the restaurant a compliment and say the decor is nice.  The location is also perfect and the service is...not bad.  I went during the post-graduation hustle, so yes, it was hectic and I'll excuse the long wait time for the food.  The host acted like a used car salesman and tried to convince us the food at White Dog was better than the surrounding locations.   The waiter we had was VERY new and made a ton of mistakes--forgetting to give us plates and bread, messing up our orders, and giving me a well-done instead of medium rare burger on top of a couple others.  The good news is that he was nice and had a great attitude.  For example, my dad ordered a blueberry lemonade but he gave us a lemon drop, which has alcohol, instead.  My dad is allergic to alcohol so it was more dramatic than you would think.  The waiter felt bad and said he would give all four of us blueberry lemonades on the house.  I appreciate the effort!  And that's why I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1. Now for the food: The items we ordered: - Cheese platter - Spicy Lamb Bolognese - Double Cheddar Burger - Beef Dip (Sandwich) - Pork Sandwich For drinks, we had: - Blueberry Lemon Drop (cocktail) - Blueberry Lemonade - Glass of Chardonnay, Patrick Thomas The food, overall, was as average as you can get.  My favorite was the cheese platter, which comes with three types of cheeses, two mustards, and jelly.  But then again, a cheese platter is hard to mess up.  The portion sizes are good--big enough to make you feel like your money wasn't completely wasted--and the lunch choices standard American fare. The double cheddar burger I had was, however, pretty unimpressive.  As I mentioned, it was already overcooked, and to make things worse, the patties were completely flavorless.  I even tried the meat by itself to see if they had given me turkey instead.  The other three entrees were mediocre, just a tiny step above Applebee's.  Sad for these prices. I didn't try any of the drinks except for the lemonade, but that was pretty bad.  Maybe it's just me, but the lemonade tasted like it had zero sugar in it--just pure lemon and water mixed with blueberry puree.  No one at my table finished it. In conclusion, I wanted to like this place.  Who wouldn't with these prices?  But next time, I think I'll just save myself 20 bucks and head to Applebee's.
