My husband and I went to Heirloom a few days before the start of restaurant week, and discovered that they were already using the prix fixe menu.  We selected a wine and I ordered the chickpea fritters and clam chowder.  Then we had some time to look around the dining room, as it was about 25-30 minutes before we saw our wine. The atmosphere is beautiful: minimalist and inviting at the same time.  Then the food arrived. If I were a 4 year old boy, the fritters would have been heaven; unfortunately, I am not.  They were square and clumsily batter-dipped and fried and had all of the finesse of a fish stick. Seriously. A fish stick.  They might have even been pre-made and frozen, I'm not sure.  We were in no hurry, and --on the contrary--usually like to linger over our food.  However, there did seem to be an inordinately long wait between courses.  Our server finally appeared to present us with the second course and ask how we liked our appetizers.  I was honest about the fritters, and she responded with a cheerful "yeah, people either love them or hate them!" and then disappeared for the rest of the meal.  I tried to track her down to ask for more water to no avail; I couldn't even find a busboy.  Disappointed by the first course, I hoped that things would get better with the clam chowder, but it was not to be.  The chowder's flavor and consistency, though on the watery side, was pleasant, and the meats were cooked fairly well,  The problem was at the bottom of the bowl, which had a *layer* of sand on it.  It was not just a little gritty, which I suppose can happen even when seafood is cleaned well.  I have never seen anything like it, even at the diviest of clam shacks.  The amount of sand rendered the chowder inedible, and --like the fritters--I left most of it untouched.  I honestly can't remember the dessert; it had sauces and super sweet ice cream and reminded me of something, again, I would have been happy to have at Friendly's when I was a child.  Still looking for our MIA server, I approached the manager--which I have never done at a restaurant before in my life.  I told him in what I hoped was a polite and calm manner that we had come to Heirloom based on some positive reviews, but that there was nothing (_nothing_) about the dinner that was just "okay"...that absolutely everything about it was atrocious, from the appetizer to the main to the service (when our dessert arrived, I finally got to ask for more water, but when it was cleared, still none). He listened patiently, told me that he was sorry, that this was not normal, that they have a fine kitchen and a loyal following; he took our address, and said that he wished we would give them a second chance.  A week or so later, a $20 gift certificate showed up in a card, which I thought was nice.  That said, I was not eager to try the restaurant again.   Months passed, and I finally went back with a friend intending to have some cocktails and appetizers in the lounge.  It was empty when we arrived, and we sat at the bar.  The specialty drink list was short but thoughtful, and the cocktails themselves were very good.  We sat there for about an hour, and were debating ordering food or going someplace else when the bartender said to us, "sorry ladies, but if you're not ordering anything else, I have people waiting for those seats."  There was indeed a couple next to us, and only one seat for the two of them.  There were also, I might add, two large sectionals in back of us. Empty.  Problem solved, decision made. "Check, please".  It was hilarious to me that this was, in the words of the manager, their "second chance".
