I have been wanting to try Think Grill since they first opened a few months ago, but I didn't have a chance to check it out until last Sunday.  First, a little about the place. It's a fast casual restaurant, so that means you order at the counter, sit down at a table while they prepare your food, and then your buzzer rings when your food is ready and you can pick it up. The building is new construction for Think Grill and it's pretty attractive. Filled with natural light and glossy finishes, the restaurant's decor is both contemporary yet welcoming. The bold black and red tables were quite comfortable and well spaced out. On a whole, the place is very well put together. Service was outstanding. As I walked in, I overwhelmed by all the options. The cashier behind the counter asked if it was our first time there and then explained all the options, highlighting some of the more popular dishes. She was friendly, thorough and really helped influence the decision. When out food was ready, they didn't even ring our buzzer and instead brought our food right to our table. During the meal, someone stopped by twice to check on us and clear the plates, which is very unusual for a fast-casual place. The service was quick, friendly and attentive. Regular sit-down restaurants could learn a thing or two from these employees. The food itself was quite tasty. Unfortunately, their website doesn't currently have the menu up yet, but it's a variety of greek meats and other dishes. They had a large selection of gyros as well as salads, BBQ ribs and slow roasted chickens. We decided to go with the Think-Gyro which is their house-marinated lamb gyros with sauce, lettuce, red onion and a few french fries in it. I must say it was delicious. The meat was moist and seasoned perfectly complemented by the crunchy red onions and french fries. We also ordered fried calamari as an appetizer. I'm not usually a fan of ordering an appetizer at a fast-casual restaurant since it comes at the same time, but it was worth it here. Our food was on the table within a few minutes of ordering and the calamari was quite good, not at all rubbery or over-fried, with a delicious light breading. I only have a few complaints, and I'd they're less of a complaint and more room for improvement. First is that the Gyros come with a few fries in it, but I think it could have used a side of fries as well (or something else) to make it more filling. I would have ordered a side of fries if I would have known, but I read it as having a side of fries. Not a big deal though, I'll just order fries next time on the side. My second complain is that I really wish they had fountain sodas. It's just a personal preference, but they do have a large selection of bottle beverages available. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience and I will go again. My only problem is that I don't frequent fast-casual restaurants too often (I prefer a sit-down and be waiting on type restaurant). But if you're hungry for a tasty and quick bite, I would definitely recommend Think Grill.
