I will re-review this place if it gets better.  (And I will give them another shot in the future, promise.)  I hate to give such a low review to a pub so close to my house and one I was so excited about. 1.  SHAME Burger - Yes, I ordered it because I had to find out how they were going to make something with those ingredients taste good (scraple, cheese, meat).  Answer:  They didn't.  It tastes like a greasy fast food chain sausage, smothered in American cheese, topped with beef, on a grocery-store bought hamburger bun.  Guys, Philly can do a good burger - you're going to have to step up.  In fact, I had to peel the cheese off the burger, and even then I couldn't finish it.  Nor could my husband who is a garbage disposal when it comes to food. 2.  The whole "local" food bit?  Awesome concept, & I was excited.  Then they tell us that they're really into the local movement and they source their produce from the Italian Market.  Newsflash:  Most of the veggies in the markets are in fact, not local.  Not at all.  Nice try guys, but until you hook up with a local farmer, don't use the word "local" lightly.  (And I preface this saying, I live in - and love the Italian Markets.  But I don't pretend the produce is "local."  There are plenty of CSA's and farmers who would love to partner with restaurants who want to "go local."  Don't use this word lightly.) 3.  Decor/Music:  Home Depot fixtures?  Baby poop yellow paint on the walls?  Yuck.  And if you're into 1997 radio hits - this place is great for you.  At least when we were dining it seemed to be a nonstop rotation of Gin Blossoms and Matchbox20.  I'm not a hipster, but come on guys...  I'm not a radio listener, and this was just agony. 4.  Menu:  Is this a pub, or is this an expensive restaurant? The cheapest thing offered is the burger (yuck) and the rest were around $18 a pop. My husband ordered the catfish, it was quite bland, and set us back $18.  We couldn't figure out if they were going for upscale restaurant, or pub.  And until they  make the decision, the menu is just... awkward - and not large enough to pull it off. With other amazing restaurants just a few blocks away, they're going to have to kick it up a notch to compete.  Two drinks, a burger and bland fish set us back over $50 after tip.   I hope they're having growing pains and will quickly shape up.  Otherwise, I'll take my money to nearby Royal Tav or Devil's Den when I'm in the mood for pub eats.  This bar felt like it might be at home out in the burbs somewhere.  It's not cutting it for Center City.  Sorry guys.   We all want to see this spot do well because the location is killer...  The neighbors are in full support, just take it up a notch.
