For years, I have lamented about the lack of good cajun food in Philly. Thank you, Beck's, for filling this GAPING void. I think the first time I tried this place, it may have been in part because the line at Dinic's was unbearably long and the throngs of people waiting were spilling over into Beck's stall space (they are next to each other)... and boy am I glad my inner fatty couldn't wait another minute because I just don't know what I'd do without this jumbalaya! I will note that the service here is a bit terrible. Don't get me wrong - everyone is very nice, but ... SLOW-moving. VERY slow moving. I have never seen a more inefficient operation in my life, but like I said, they are super pleasant and helpful so you forgive them for taking 10+ minutes to pack  your order and collect payment (note: I've been there at least 4x and it's been true every single time). As an example of the employees' niceness/helpfulness, as an FYI, they do let you sample pretty much any of the entrees so you can make sure it's not too spicy or too peppery etc for you. Also, no credit card machine here so bring CASH. WHAT WE ATE *Jumbalaya: perfect. perfect. AND it's surprisingly spicy! It's less saucy then some jumbalayas I have had, but still really flavorful and the rice is perfectly cooked. They also usually spoon on a bit of sauce on top and adds that extra flavor. IF you get the right cashier, she will upsell you the cornbread - GET IT - and eat it TOGETHER. They're not messing around when they say the cornbread + jumbalaya flavors complement each other like whoa.   *Etouffee - the flavors of the bell peppers were a bit TOO strong for my personal liking, but I could appreciate the complexity of the flavors and the spiciness here as well. My friends really liked this dish, so I did want to mention. *Oyster Po'Boy - I thought the fried oyster was great. The breading they use to coat the po boy sandwich meats (and oysters) are really tasty and not overwhelming. I wish there was more oyster in the sandwich itself, but that would be the only complaint. *Beignets - warm and delightfully light fried dough and generous dusting of powdered sugar make this dessert just decadent enough. *Praline cookies - these were decent, but not the best I've ever had. The color was a bit darker than I was used to (more coffee with a splash of milk rather than latte color) and it almost tasted like they had burned/overcooked the butter or brown sugar. Beck's also has this authentic root beer from New Orleans available. I'm not a root beer fan so haven't tried, but I keep hearing awesome things about it.
