I am relatively new to Mediterranean food and I have little experience in the cuisine. I cannot say that this place is better or worse than other places, but it was an amazing dining experience for me. The food was amazingly good. I can comfortably recommend this restaurant to anyone who is uncomfortable with trying out new ethnic food. One downside is that this place is quite pricey and the portions are very small, which could make the bill jump quite high without really realizing it. All of the dishes are relatively low priced, but the portions are very small and you end up ordering more than what you originally planned and the final bill can be a surprise. Considering that for the same price, you could be dining at one of the more finer restaurants in the Michelin Star tier, this is a bummer. However, the food is excellent and the service is decent. I like the lighting and the interior. It is quite comfortable and warming with respect to the dim lighting and the reflection on the walls. From the appetizers, we ordered Hommus, Tabbouleh, Warm Eggplant with Pita bread and they were amazing. Warm eggplant in particular was outstanding. From the Meat section, we ordered the Chicken Shish Taouk, Kafta, Lamb Kebab, and they were all decent. The Chicken Shish Taouk was very bland and plain and I couldn't see why it has been so overly written among the Yelp reviews. Kafta was better in my opinion and Chicken Shish Taouk was an overhype. In general, I felt that this place has its forte in the meat section, so try to talk to the waiter/waitress for more details on the dishes. Everyone has mentioned Candy Bar as a must, but I feel that there is nothing Lebanese, or Mediterranean about the Candy Bar. It tastes like any chocolate infused desserts in any other restaurants or bakeries. A more ethnic and delightful experience in my humble opinion is Mixed Baklava, which is a traditional Lebanese pastry. It is excellent and more representative of Ilili. Candy Bar is a chocolate cake that simply cannot go wrong, but it's very American, rather than Mediterranean. All in all, dining at Ilili was a pleasant experience. I recommend!
