The Good- Easy phone reservation I had a Groupon and thought it would be a great time to try a neighborhood place. Friendly prompt greeting by Ana Flower given to me on Valentine's Day (Nice touch) The dining room was clean and neat What we heard of the band was nice Ana was friendly and apologetic The NOT Good- I tried to place a reservation online through their website never to receive a confirmation so I just called instead. After being seated, the wait staff took 10 minutes to come take our drink order, and only provided her name after being asked. 4 of our 5 drinks came in a timely fashion (my Blue Moon had no Orange Wheel garnish) the 5th drink a Shirley Temple came out after we finally got Ashley's attention about 40 minutes into our reservation, well after the appetizers came out. I made a change to my order while we were waiting for our food (personally I do not like bones in my catfish sticks so I cancelled the catfish dinner and requested the fried chicken) I was told it is cooked to order and would take a little longer to come out. 20 minutes later my chicken comes out with another entree for the table (Vegetable Jambalaya) but the other 2 entrees are nowhere in sight. There was a translucent pink plastic piece found in the Vegetable Jambalaya. Ashley has not come back to our table to check on us or to tell us when the rest of our food is coming out. My husband goes to the front to ask to speak to the Manager and Ana steps in to help address the situation. My son's ribs come out within 5 minutes of Ana getting involved. Ana works diligently to credit off the food on our tab that we did not receive, but MY HUSBAND never received his food (the salmon entrée that he ordered first). After Ana produces our final bill for the night Ashley stops at the table to inform us that she was "Slammed Tonight". I understand that sometimes wait staff is overwhelmed and that Valentine's Day Night is a HUGE night of business. I understand that sometimes when you are paying with a coupon or Groupon that service declines (I don't agree with that practice, but I know it happens). And I understand that it is expressly written that tables of 5 or more have 20% automatically added to their total, but there is NO WAY in H3LL that I believe that she deserved a 20% tip for the service (or should I say DISSERVICE that my family received at this place). Our reservation was for 8:30 and we were seated by 8:35, we left at 10:20 without the salmon entrée that was promised but never materialized. The Vegetable Jambalaya was never eaten after the plastic was found, I picked around my chicken, my son who was starving ate half his Half rack of ribs. Thank goodness that we ordered appetizer for my 3 yr old daughter to eat or else she may not have received her food either.
