After being verbally assaulted by both the owner and bouncer on the night of my batchelorette, this establishment will not be getting any more of our money. We took 2 bus rides through the rain and arrived on the dance floor quite famished. My mom and I got take out from the diner and brought it over to our table in the dance area (we didn't want to be the only ones eating in the diner while everyone else danced). The owner and bouncer (completely unnecessary use of personnel) descended upon us, literally confiscated our boxes out of our hands and told us we could get the food when we leave. We asked if we could please have a refund as we were not interested in cold, soggy pizza at the end of the night. We were denied with a sour attitude as well as being told that the girl at the diner that gave us our food would then have to be fired for giving it to us. We requested to speak to the manager and manager further, where I suggested that the guy manning the door to the dance floor should be penalized, not the waitress (as he saw us bring in the food). They weren't interested in having a conversation; it was clear that they just wanted to manhandle the situation. At this point, I realized that this place was operated by 'roided-up, semi-misogynistic meatheads and we weren't winning this battle. So rather than let it ruin my night, we went back to the dance floor to have a good time, which was happening until the meaty bouncer decided to make another close personal encounter. He was offended that we were dancing with our middle fingers in the air and got in my face (seriously, like 2 inches from my face) about it, asking "why you gotta disrespect me like that? I see you doing that." Rather than be a responsible employee with better things to worry about, I guess he wanted to harp on me in my crown, veil and sash. I felt sorry for this guy- his feelings were hurt over such an insignificant gesture which could have been aimed at anybody (but truthfully really was at him). My pity for his feebleness grew when he proceeded to let me know he was an ex-marine. Not exactly sure how that threat would apply in a dance club and directed at a bride to be. Needless to say, we left at that point because I'd much rather stand in the rain than continue to be berated by these lunatics.
