So we planned a trip to see the Mythbusters live in Hartford, CT and wanted to try some sushi in Connecticut. It's a cute little place that's about a fifteen minute drive from downtown Hartford in a strip mall that has a grocery store in it. Guess you could call it the little sushi place that could. It's a cute place. I will go as far as saying it's quaint. The walls are a emerald green. They have digital picture frames on one wall with pictures of sushi in them, another wall has has some kind of  stylized art deco art canvas art. In front of the sushi bar there is a copper sailing ship hanging on the wall. In other words, the decor doesn't really have any rhyme or reason, but it is a nice comfortable welcoming place. The menu covers are beautiful. They are covered with a silver tapestry fabric. The bill holders have the same cover. The waitress was very friendly, she reminded us so much of my stepdaughter we almost showed her a picture of her. She did a very good job. She was very honest about one of the rolls we wanted to order, it had pickled vegetables in it and she said it was an "acquired taste". She also was very tolerant while I sat there with a menu doing my Weight Watcher points while we were deciding if we wanted to get more. We ordered the Futo roll(that was the acquired taste one), Rose Garden Roll, Alaska Roll, Green Hulk Roll and the Dancing Eel. Roll they were very good. My favorite of the rolls was the Rose Garden Roll. We really loved this place we found it very nice and intimate and very much our speed, however the sushi, based on what I've eaten. I'd call above average.We have a blog devoted to  sushi in the Capital Region of New York State and If I had visited there before our quest for the best sushi in the Capital Region started I might have found it to be great sushi. However, unfortunately I have been spoiled by eating some amazing sushi.  There is some serious competition on our blog. However, I wouldn't be against returning to this place when we return to Hartford again so we can spend more than just a weekend there.
