Okay which would YOU rather have; shi-shi foo-foo decor w/okay food, try your luck service and higher prices OR bare bones decor, great food, very good service and lower prices? Well listen here; I never go to a restaurant to eat the lighting, dinnerware or table napkins! Give me plain plates, forks and mason jars to drink out of but just make sure that what I'm eating and drinking is exceptional to my pallet and fairly priced!!! This is why I love Peaches Hot House! One of my favorite menu items is the HOT Fried Chicken!! It's so hot that you have to let it "burn itself out" on your tongue! Now I know that sounds crazy but what I'm saying is just let it burn... Water won't help. Neither will milk or bread. Just let it take over and soon you'll become used to the burning hot spices. It will be okay I promise, just try not to lick your lips though... It only makes it worse. The collard greens and Mac n Cheese are both really good and well seasoned! The fried shrimp is Ah-Mah-Zing and their fish is always, always cooked to perfection! I once had a slice of fresh blueberry pie with a nice spoonful of whipped cream and though I haven't had it in a looong time...I think of it often. The crust -flaky and not too thick, the blueberries were plentiful and sweet. This had to be a homemade pie! There was so much love in it. So much love. Ahhhh (I had to take a moment to reflect). But anywhoo, their drinks are very good and as I mentioned above they're served in mason jars which I personally love!! Tip: If you're ever feeling a bit under the weather and need something better than NyQuil I suggest that you make a beeline for PHH and order their Hot Toddy!!!! It will lay you down reeeeeeaaaaaaaalllllllyyyy LOW and you'll have one of the best sleeps ever! It's a great small spot that I wish was bigger.  It sits approximately 18-20 on the floor with maybe an additional 5 at the bar...Service is very good (even when we walk in 10 minutes before the kitchen officially closes) and the smiles we receive on our way in are just as big as the smiles we receive on our way out! Go- enjoy!!!
