I'm so glad I finally got to try Max Brenner as all of my friends in the east coast rave about it! I have to admit the bald man intimidated me at first glance, but I realized he just wants us to obsess about chocolate. How not to fall in love with him?? My family and I came here for dessert only. The service was fantastic and I would like to thank our server for the wonderful experience! I was thinking about skipping the drinks, but everyone was super thirsty by the time we got to the restaurant. I'm glad we didn't, because each of them tasted fantastic! All of the smoothie drinks came in the adorable MB "Alice" cup! 1. Orange Smoothie ($6.75): Fresh fruit smoothie with the perfect amount of cinnamon! This was probably my favorite! 2. Fruit Smoothie ($6.75): It's a blend of strawberry, mango, banana, and orange juice, but instead of using passion fruit as it says on the menu, the Max Brenner at Philly uses superfruit. It looked like a chocolate shake but was super refreshing. 3. Golden Latte ($6.75): One word...HONEY. The aroma of this fruit yogurt drink was perfect. 4. Yellow Granita ($3.50): This was my drink. It's a lemonade blended with fresh mint and ice--hands down the MOST refreshing drink I've had! Some might find it too sour, but I thought it was perfect! It ties with the Orange Smoothie! MB has an amazing assortment of desserts. Their menu is divided into hot chocolates, cocktails and milkshakes, waffles, cake desserts, fondue, and ice cream. 1. Tutti Fruitti Waffles ($13.95): Belgian waffles with berries and a scoop of ice cream. Comes with the chocolatey goodness known as choco-pops, which are crunchy chocolate pearls! 2. Munchies Waffles ($13.95): The better waffle deal with TWO scoop of ice cream. 3. The Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake ($14.25): To be honest, I should have gotten a waffle instead. The set comes with a chocolate lava cake (with white chocolate in the center), vanilla ice cream, and an iced milk chocolate shot. It did not come with berries as it was noted in the menu. The ice cream melted pretty quick next to the warm milk chocolate pot that's to be poured on the cake. The cake itself was pretty dry. We came when it was 8 p.m., and they were all out of the I-Scream Bar Fondue. I should have went with a fondue instead. Can't complain too much, though. Our server was attentive and everything tasted great.
