I dislike going to bars, I really do.  There isn't much about the atmosphere that I find charming or fun about them.  I go to bars with friends, because other people tend to enjoy them.  Really enjoy them!  And company is the best reason to be anywhere!   Company was the reason to be at Local 44 this evening.  A good friend, and regular, was having a going away party here.  I arrived during happy hour on a Thursday, trying to escape the heat and being extremely early for the get-together.  It was busy, noisy, and I was alone.  Despite all this, I quickly discovered why Local 44 came so highly recommended.  Nice guy Nate (yes, that is his nickname) took care of me, and made good on his namesake.   While I was waiting to be helped something small and amazing happened.  A pet peeve of mine is that in many places like this music is played.  Often times it's extremely loud and makes conversation painful.  From out of nowhere, the music came on, as if on an automatic timer.  The volume level of people speaking around the bar went up instantly and considerably.  It was unpleasant.  The bartenders took a moment to discuss this and shut it off, without me or anyone else complaining to them.  Respect given! Shortly after that, the menu was given to me.  It was small, pretty standard bar fare, pleasure foods.  However it was peppered with unusual selections, clearly labelled vegetarian or vegan.  I'm neither of these things, but that earned my respect, and I opted to try the vegan "general tso's tofu".   Which, by the way, was awesome!  Gradually, I was able to soak in the atmosphere, where I noticed the long list of beer on tap.   One of the reasons I usually avoid bars is that I don't drink beer or wine.  All the same, their on tap list is impressive, lots of new and exciting things for the connoisseur.  Local 44 also has the advantage of owning and operating the bottle shop next door, so whatever they don't have on tap can be requested, giving you a huge selection of beers from around the world.   Eventually friends did start rolling in.  Because this was a goodbye party for a regular customer, i got to meet and chat with a few of the staff.  We had more to say to each other at that point, but my experience didn't change suddenly from the point where I was just a customer.    These were naturally easygoing, pleasant people, and I'm happy to have had a chance to meet them, and be a patron to their fine establishment.   This is definitely a place I will share with and recommend to friends!
