I was looking for a bar to celebrate a coworker's birthday on a Thursday night, and after reading some bad reviews about another bar, we decided to switch the venue to Woodrow's.  We are VERY HAPPY that we did. A small group of us arrived right in the middle of happy hour and it was just crowded enough not to feel awkward and empty, but spacious enough to accomdate us at the end of the bar.  Right away when we took a seat, the bartender greeted us with a smile and waited to take our orders.  When one of us was unsure of what we wanted, she made a great suggestion to try the pumkin seasonal on tap - which they serve in a glass lined with sugar & cinnamon on the rim, so good - and it was great.  We felt right at home just minutes after we arrived. There are a lot of beers on tap, as well as bottles, and a good selection of liquor.  The drinks were poured with just the right amount of alcohol so they actually tasted good, instead of nasty strong drinks that get you drunk too fast.  The food menu was also notable, had some fancy items and some regular bar foods, so it made everyone happy.  The hummus platter, fried pickle spears, and calamari were all tasty and portion sizes were good for the prices. What makes this place stand out is the service - we were never without a drink, and never had to wait before being asked if we needed something else.  Turned out one of the bartenders was actually the owner, and you can tell she really cared about the place and wanted her patrons to have a good time.  She found out it was my coworker's birthday and gave us some free birthday shots, and let us try some new drinks we were eyeing in the liquor shelf behind her.  She even brought out a mini Polaroid camera and took photos for us which we are really fun keepsakes.   Overall we had a really great time there, and will definitely be making this one of our regular bars down in the Financial District.  Service was excellent, food was pretty good, and prices are reasonable.  Maybe next time we'll book the game room downstairs. Goodbye to Biddy Early's :)
