MY SISTER POSTED THIS TO MY ACCOUNT BY ERROR INSTEAD OF HERS, BUT HER REVIEWS ARE USUALLY ON THE $$$$$$ My first Yelp review... This place deserves it and so do you!!! My husband, my seven year old son, and I went to Caffe Linda tonight after Yelping and Googling good Italian food in my neighborhood.  We originally made reservations for 7:30PM, but we were done our errands and decided to stop by and check the place out a little early.  It was super cute and not very busy, so we decided to go in and ask if they could seat us a little earlier... it was about 6:30PM. There was one waitress and one host, and 2-3 of the 15 or so tables were taken.   They were very attentive... getting our waters, drink orders and bread.  I ordered my son spaghetti with sauce and asked to have it come out immediately.  It did come out right away, but it was penne with sauce... no biggie, it was very, very tasty.  The sauce was delicious and my son cleaned his plate. They had specials and a prix fixe menu(salad or soup, entree, and dessert for $26).  My husband and I both got salads... He got the Ceasar salad and I got the Insalata Linda.  Both were amazing... light, refreshing, and delicious... we ate every bit!  For dinner my husband got cheese ravioli and I got the black linguini with shrimp and lobster.  My husband loved his dinner.  I tasted one of his ravioli and it was light and tasty.  While my lobster was a tad overcooked it did not take away from how tasty my meal was.  We also got two desserts... the tiramisu, which was light, airy, and delicious and the lemon sorbet which was inside a huge frozen lemon and so so good.  We ate every single morsel of food that came out to us.  Rarely do we eat EVERYTHING! So, we got... 2 salads...I added shrimp(they were grilled to perfection and I think there were 5 of thems) to one of the salads for and extra $3 3 entrees 2 desserts 1 diet coke 1 glass of wine($12) and it cost $117.75  After tip it was $142. I don't think that was bad.  I have not had a meal that good in a long time. I'm taking one star away because I was charged for a full price entree for the noodles and sauce I ordered for my seven year old... $15.  I guess if he got a full serving we should pay full price, but had they told me ahead of time, I would have ordered him something more exciting for $15.  That same one star came off because the lobster was a tad overdone. This is definitely one of my new favorites and I will go back again and again.  I saw several groups stop by to read the menu and then walk away, I wanted to go to the window and say, "come in, the food is delicious"
