It's tiny. It gets so hot (they have but just a lonely fan to circulate air). But it's completely delicious through and through.  Honest, clean cooking with fresh seafood is all you really need. Service gets a bit spotty when the restaurant is bursting with patrons (which it often is), but the waiters are always so friendly and warm, and the food is worth the wait (and sometimes it can be quite a wait). The best, best, best thing is the complimentary bread, speckled with sesame seeds, and ridiculously soft in the center, dipped in the amazing oil sauce concoction with tomatoes and copious, addictive amounts of garlic.  We plowed through five loaves.  Just could not get enough of it. We tried nearly half the menu: + The corn and crab chowder is almost dessert, but in a fantastic way, so sweet with fresh corn throughout but refreshing and lovely.   + The mussels are on the very small side but still tender, the broth perfect (to eat even more bread).   + The cioppino had plenty of seafood, the lobster expertly cooked - succulent and tender and beautiful (and the broth was perfect for MORE BREAD. WE'RE FIENDSSSS). + The soft shell crab special is a high recommend - giant crabs thinly battered and completely fried - crunchy exterior, juicy interior, if only they gave more tartar sauce which everyone was scraping off the plate with every bit of crab carcass they could grab. + Fried oysters were the plumpest things you have ever popped in your mouth.   + The Thai curry with bass was a random menu choice, but one we were all glad we got - the curry is definitely French-inspired, lighter, with just a tiny tinge of spice, but the light flavors complimented the delicate fish (and MORE BREAD).  The curry is not served with rice, but instead served with a layer of mashed potatoes at the bottom, which if you were lucky to spoon up, was delicious with spicy bit of ginger. + The whole fish (branzino) - simply pan fried and dressed in light oil and capers - the freshness of the fish pervaded every bite. It's BYOB with a small $5 corkage.  Definitely bring a bottle or two.  You'll want to stay awhile. (FOR MORE BREADDDD) Haha.  I'm a monster.
