We sort of just stumbled upon this place by accident the other day, but I'm so glad we did! It was Superbowl Sunday and we thought it would be smart to try a restaurant we'd normally have a long wait for, so our first thought was Battersby. Not surprisingly, it was closed. We wandered a little further and came across Dover, which ironically is Battersby's sister restaurant and normally does have a long wait. Score! We sauntered right in to the near empty restaurant and got incredibly attentive service (but I imagine a place like this always strives for good service). I love the delicious amuse bouches they gave us throughout the meal - warm cheese puffs, creamy root vegetable soup, and a little alfajor cookie at the end. The homemade breadstick they gave us to start was so incredibly delicious - it was perfectly crisp and buttery on the outside and soft and airy on the inside. The presentation was grand, served with some creamy ricotta butter and crispy papadum. For the appetizer, we started with the pork belly, which was nice and tender. I loved the roasted fruit and vegetables it was served with - pears, sweet potatoes, cabbage, potatoes and shaved watermelon radish on top. It was drizzled lightly with a savory sweet glaze that tied the dish together. For the mains, we ordered the foie gras ravioli and grilled octopus, which was a special that night. The grilled octopus was delicious, with the legs cut into little medallions and strewn about the plate with big white beans, chorizo, roasted piquillo peppers, all sitting in a thick brothy sauce. But I thought the star of the meal was the foie gras ravioli. The dish had chunks of roasted celery root and three perfect little ravioli envelopes filled with delicious foie gras, all topped with a creamy black truffle sauce. The parsley sprigs and crunchy raw celery root pieces on top added the perfect mix of textures. Divine. I tried not to scarf this down too fast so I could savor it. For dessert we ordered the baked Alaska. The meringue was crisped on the outside but still soft on the inside, and filled with a layer of green apple sorbet and another of crème fraiche ice cream. The crème fraiche ice cream was perfect with the toasty meringue but the sorbet actually took away from the dish in my opinion. Loved the little pieces of poached pear this dish was served with though. Yes, it was pretty pricey but I don't actually think it should be four dollar signs on Yelp. There are definitely more expensive places out there.
