Another New Haven business clinging too the historical 'first in the country' reputation (see my review for Louis's Lunch in New Haven). Although I love going to these American legends ... I have to admit, rarely do I find any that have completely wowed me in terms of the food quality. Frank Pepe is THE gold standard for brick oven pizza in the northeast. Several celebrities haven eaten here ... including Bill Clinton who ate here before he became famous for other kinds of eating in the White House. I was expecting some sort of mythical pizza experience here ... almost as if the chef would open the pizza door and there would be some kind of a time/space continium porthole where they place the paddle into the oven in New Haven and it reaches through to an oven in Naples. While that would make a great science fiction show on the Food Network ... what you find at Frank Pepe's is just really good brick oven pizza. Nothing amazing, orgasmic (aside from the Bill Clinton thing) or blog worthy. Okay ... maybe blog worthy because I think when I went to Frank Pepe, there were more people taking pictures of their pizza for their foodie blogs or facebook pages than were actually eating the pizza. One thing to note ... especially if you are a solo business traveler ... the pizza IS HUGE! I ordered a large pizza and when it came to the table, I would have thought they'd have to put it on one of those giant orange wheeled carts in the outdoor garden section of the Home Depot. The larges are incredibly large! I was a bit dissapointed at the decor because they seem to have modernized the place a bit and it doesn't really look that old. You'll still see exposed brick, etc. but to me it kind of felt like a Pizzaria Uno without all the old school props all over the walls. I was expecting grittier ... it actually felt new and clean inside. (It is an odd thing when you actually fault a restaurant for being new and clean but from a historical sense, I just thought it would be left a bit more rough and original.) There is a glass window where you can watch the guy with the huge paddle thing putting pizza into the oven. It is worth it to request the tables near this window so you can watch the famous process in full effect. This makes it seem more exciting than it is. In actuality, it is a sweaty Italian looking guy in an apron and hat covered in flour placing pizzas into the oven and rotating them around. But hey ... at least you know its fresh. The taste is like ... brace yourself ... pizza! Back in the 80s and 90s before you could buy 90 different varieties of canned tomatos at the supermarket from 20 different countries ... pizza was pizza.  There weren't too many brick oven pizzas back then, so this sort of thing outside of Italy was a rare find. Fast forward to today's day and age where celebrity chefs are the new rock stars of television and Whole Foods serves 12 different versions of motzerella cheese and charges $15/pound for many of them. We live in a food obsessed society now. Brick oven pizza is sort of the standard these days and you have brick oven pizza places popping up on every street corner in the midwest and people are building their own brick pizza ovens in their back yard. Pepes might be the original ... and its damn good pizza! But its not something you have to drive to New Haven to experience anymore. Sure, the crust is expertly charred. (Those unfamiliar with real Neopolitan pizza might even consider it burnt, even though this is pretty standard for real brick oven pizza) There are little charred portions underneath the crisp THIN crust. And the cheese is melted expertly. The basil leaves are fresh and sprinkled on the pizza. The toppings are applied evenly and nicely. But is this something you couldn't find in your own home town or city? Probably not, these days. For those who buy into the hype of it ... you'll love this. For those who love the Food Network ... you'll love this. For those who love pizza ... you'll love this. But for those who drove two hours so they could try the world famous Frank Pepe's pizza because they think they can't find it anywhere else ... maybe not so much. If you are in town, I doubt you will find any better and I'd highly recommend stopping because they do it right EVERY TIME. And you'll always get a quality product. You'll never get a 'blah' pizza here and I think that consistency is what makes this place stand out more than the taste of the pizza. Parking sucks if you go at a busy time. But that's New Haven for you ... tons of restaurants. No parking.
