Had a very weird experience here.  I think I can definitely agree with other reviewers who say this place is hit or miss, since our various dishes at the table were either completely amazing or "eh." First, service was truly terrible.  It was pouring and we called ahead to make sure we didn't walk in the rain for nothing.  Whoever picked up the phone said they definitely had a table for four available, no problem.  We walked in the pouring rain and told the hostess we had just called.  She said there were no tables, wasn't even apologetic about it.   "So why did they tell me on the phone they had plenty of tables?  We just walked over here in the rain." "Well, if you want to sit on somebody's lap, we have a table." SERIOUSLY?  Finally she found a table at the back of the bar area.  This was accompanied by plenty of eye rolling on her part and saying, "I'll tell her downstairs that we have a wait, so more people don't get ANGRY." Waitress couldn't tell the difference between Six Point Pale Ale and Bengali Tiger IPA; first she said it was pale, then she said IPA.  I'm still not exactly sure which one we were drinking (whatever it was, it was good). Appetizers were fantastic and the only redeeming part of the entire experience.  Sauteed calamari was perfectly cooked and had a lovely smoky flavor.  The broth was so delicious we all overloaded on bread sopping it up.  The crostini with tomatoes and basil was insanely fresh and awesome, although the topping was really wet and as a result the country bread it was served on became soggy.  But the tomatoes were so good I just ate them with a fork.  The white bean spread served with the table bread was also great. We all had high expectations for entrees after such amazing apps, but all four at the table were underwhelmed.  Cacio e pepe tasted like Kraft Mac and Cheese, just covered with black pepper.  The cheese used was completely bland.  Tagliatelle with ragu bolognese was totally lackluster-- I've made better bolognese at home on a weeknight.  Chicken parm was typical, good but not great.  The spaghetti accompanying the chicken parm was better than the chicken.  My friend who ordered the pappardelle with mushrooms said her food was good but nothing special. A last note on the prices, etc: as others have mentioned, this is a cash only restaurant.  The prices were sort of odd.  Many of the pastas and entrees were well-priced, between $12-18.  But some of the prices were really inconsistent: shaved artichoke salad is $16, but smoked salmon salad is only $10.  Doesn't seem to make sense, and the specials don't have prices listed, so it's worth it to ask. I might come back here if I was in the neighborhood and wanted some good Italian apps, but I'd never plan to come here specifically and I would never eat dinner here again.  After the service was so terrible, we figured the 4-star Yelp reviews must mean the food was out of this world.  Sadly, no.
