Dear Yelp: I've been remiss in my reviews lately, namely, in not writing any. But if you'll have me back, and stop trying to get me sloppy drunk and groping me, then maybe this can work. In that spirit, let's do a non-drunk brunch, ok? My Brunch experience here yesterday was fantastic and I feel bad for all those people who didn't get it. Perhaps it once was bad, but this Sunday, there was nothing I could complain about. We got there in early afternoon and the place was packed. There were 3 couples waiting in front of us, but we were told the wait would only be 5-10 min. I was skeptical, but those tables turned over fairly quickly. Seems a bunch of people were finishing up at that time, and the staff was on top of it. 12 min later, we were seated. Pretty quick, n'est pas? The menu had too many things I wanted to try and I need to come back just to keep my stomach from rebelling against me for life. The Large OJ was sooo delicious, and I drank it sooo quickly. Ok, I'm slightly annoyed for it being called Large, but only being a mere normal size. Unlike the coffee, which was large and bottomless. Our Authentic French Waitress  was so attentive to my coffee that I had to stop her the third time. It wasn't overbearing, but I can't have 3 coffees and not bounce off the walls. I got the French Toast. YOU GET THE FRENCH TOAST! My words will utterly fail to convey the impact it will have on your life. If Marie Antoinette said, "Let them eat French Toast from Cafe Henri," France might still be a monarchy. If Napoleon Bonaparte had this French Toast in the morning, he might have thought twice about marching into the frozen Russian tundras. Mel Brooks bribed Marcel Marceau to break his vow of silence with this French Toast, and it worked: this French Toast will save families, end wars and stop annoying mimes. How, you ask? It is the perfect combination of light and soft with a slightly crunchy crust. It has a sprinkling of crushed almonds, mint, and some white powdery magical substance they call sugar, but I know is pure mind melting awesomeness. (Hey, I told you my words wouldn't covey the import of this French Toast - so just trust me, OK?). Don't even get me started on the bacon (why only 2 strips of this in-your-mouth melting goodness, cooked not too crispy, not too flimsily!?!?!) or the rosemary seasoned potatoes. My friend had the Eggs Benedict. I don't like Hollandaise sauce. I don't like poached eggs. I really liked them yesterday morning though, that's how good this food was. Next up: Crepes, mussels, Croc Madame, and the rest of the menu. I am on a mission.
