Offensive and humiliating dining experience. I decided to make the trek from Manhattan to Olea last night (Tuesday 6:30 pm) on recommendation from a friend that works at a nearby establishment, which often refers its customers to dine there. I was third of six friends to arrive, and walked in to see my two friends (including the recommender friend) visibly distressed and sitting at a two person table in the corner. They were first told they couldn't be seated at a six-person table until the whole party arrived, which is common, but the problem was that they were prevented from making a reservation for the six of us for a later time. The host told them he had nowhere to write down the reservation so unfortunately they couldn't make one. Yes, write down, as in, he had no paper or something.. It's possible this was blatant racism directed at my two friends, or simply a laziness and ineptitude of the host. I politely asked to be seated with my friends, but was not permitted, and told I could be seated at a separate table. A fourth friend arrived so we were given a second two-person table, and promptly told we had to order now or be moved to the bar. We were told we would be moved to a six-person table when the other two arrived, which seemed a bit inconvenient both for us and the servers. We placed an order, and the other two party members arrived, at which point they were seated at a third two-person table across the room and we were told there were no longer any six-person tables available. Being that this was a tapas place we all wanted to share food and enjoy each others company. This was not possible here. We were treated extremely disrespectfully, and it was embarrassing to be told we could not sit together, nor make a reservation to sit together, despite the fact that they do take reservations. The first two friends ended up leaving early, deeply hurt by the experience. Naturally the rest of us were not keen on staying and finished our food and left. This horrendous lack of customer service and hospitality prevented us from enjoying the large meal we had planned, and we ended up going to a nearby restaurant after. It was truly incomprehensible that no one in the restaurant was able to accomodate us in any way. One server was pleasant, but it was clear everyone had been clued in to the incident. It's a shame the manager wasn't there because I'm sure he would have liked to have dealt with the situation that resulted in six people deciding to never return, not to mention the people we will pass this experience on to that will never try Olea, and perhaps most damaging is the end to recommendations of Olea by our friend that works in the nearby establishment. There are scores of lovely restaurants in this great neighborhood that will treat you as a respectable person, do not waste your time here.
