Wow! I really have nothing bad to say about my experience last night. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. We didn't know it was restaurant week but decided to stay anyway. The hostess said the four course restaurant week menu featured pretty much everything that's on their regular menu and that the portions are the same as usual. She was absolutely right. A lot of places will have minimal choices and smaller portions because they're not really making money during restaurant week. La Viola has set the bar high. The place is a little cramped and loud but to me that's part of the bistro dining experience. I liked the atmosphere. The food was delicious! Everything we ordered was flavorful and cooked perfectly. My salad of smoked trout over spring mix, artichokes and capers was the perfect blend of flavors and textures. My mussels were perfectly cooked and the white wine broth I could have drank it was so good. I sopped up as much as I could with bread but didn't want to get too full for the main course. My boyfriend's grilled calamari was tender and had a light smoky flavor that I loved. I got the ribeye as the main course served with mushrooms in a red wine sauce. It was tasty and cooked medium just as I asked. My boyfriend's pork chop stuffed with prosciutto was amazing. I never order pork chops out of fear of it being overcooked and dry but it wasn't. We were so full we couldn't finish our main courses so they packed up the rest and our two tiramisus to go. They gave two generous portions of tiramisu. After tasting I can say it was light and not too sweet which I like. The waitstaff was on top of their game last night. Right away they poured us a glass of the white wine we brought and kept the bottle chilled til we needed more. We had our main server but they all were attentive and catered to our needs refilling water, asking if we wanted more bread, fresh cracked pepper, clearing empty plates, etc... I hope it was not just because it was restaurant week. I guess we'll see next time we go back which we will since we live in the area. Hopefully, I'll be writing an update with the same glowing reviews as this one.
