I read that this place was featured (somewhere online) as one of the top places to go in the country for pancakes. I think it was also on the Food Network, but I could be wrong about that. Regardless, I couldn't imagine it being in the same league with Norma's in NYC (the hands-down best place to get blueberry pancakes), but I was willing to give it a shot - I love pancakes. My boyfriend disagrees with the list. He lives here - I don't (when in DC we go to The Original Pancake House -- talk about FAB pancakes!). We've been dating for over a year now and for over a year now I've been wanting to try this place. We finally went this weekend. He was experiencing a weak moment. The place is small and packed to the gills; we had to sit at the counter. The service (at least, ours) was extremely friendly and efficient. The decor is typical of any greasy spoon, including the sign posted in the service station asking the wait staff to push selling the subs. Think: Mel's Diner, and you'll know exactly what I mean. Now onto the food. J (shorthand for my boyfriend's name) ordered the pancakes (eager to prove his point) with sausage and extra bacon. I ordered scrambled eggs (scrambled dry) with swiss and whole wheat toast. Ordering scrambled eggs in a diner type place always produces anxiety for me because I HATE, HATE, HATE runny eggs. (This is not a problem at La Croix in Philly which happens to serve the most divine scrambled eggs ANYWHERE - yes, scrambled eggs CAN be divine). My eggs arrived on a plastic plate (no HUGE surprise). I moved them around with my fork. J awaited my verdict (he knows how freaked out I get). I smiled. They were PERFECT. This was a pleasant surprise. And they actually had Chollula hot sauce (I prefer never to eat eggs without it). My toast was of the multigrain variety and it was superb - a complete departure from the wonderbread-esque wheat toast I've had at other establishments. But true delight came in the form of a potato mash that accompanied my eggs -with a definite southwestern influence. I had to fight to keep them to myself! So far so good. J waited patiently while I ate, nibbling at his pancakes, sausage and bacon. Secretly, he was dying for me to stab into his pancakes - he loves being right. And of course I did JUST that. One bite and I knew exactly what he had been saying all along. THESE WERE NOT GOOD PANCAKES! They were rubber disks with faux maple syrup. Awful. Now if you want to experience pancake Nirvana, I can recommend two places for sure....and they are both already mentioned in this review. All of that being said, this is a decent local breakfast place and the epitome of a greasy spoon with prices suitable for any budget. The two star rating is due to the incongruency of the restaurant name with the product for sale. Pancake house? Not a chance. And in case you disagree, the pancakes are made from a pre-packaged mix. Even I make pancakes from scratch....and I don't charge money for them. I actually think it is absurd that THIS establishment is even ALLOWED to own the pancakes.com URL. It's an insult to pancakes everywhere!
