I have been avoiding this place, rather ignoring it, because the awning is very off-putting and it just looked a little too garish.  But it's a rainy night, and I looked at the menu online, so why not? It's much cozier and nicer when seated inside.  I will give it that. However, the acoustics are not great if you actually want to hear your dinner partner(s).  That said, a lot of the noise was coming from one table of 3, who had a myriad of people sitting with them, then getting up and leaving, changing seats, going into the kitchen. it was like a staff meal gone wild. I overheard a waitress explaining to another table that the guy at the table was "sometimes a chef there".  Great. So by all means give your part time staff the head table on a Saturday night so he can hold court, make out with his obnoxiously loud girlfriend and order bottle upon bottle of champagne.  The only food item I saw on their table the entire time we sat there was a piece of chocolate cake--split three ways.  Fine, do that, but don't seat those people at the front of the restaurant. Other than that bit of annoyance, the food was ok.  The chilled corn soup is quite heavenly, though the popcorn topping is cute, i get it--50 Shades of Corn, but really jarring to the senses. I had the fried chicken which was also really good.  Not as crisp as I would have liked, but still quite flavorful and tender, and above all not too salty. I did some research on the Horopito pepper before I got there, and did detect a nuanced flavor in the breading, and it was good, but I could have dealt with a bit more of it.   The kale slaw was really great, too.  Perfectly dressed, with tiny matchstick pieces of apple and carrot. A compliment to the silky potatoes that were not too heavy.  In short, my meal was very good. My partner had the salad, which was ok. Just ok. A little boring.  The main of snapper was really tasty, but the consistency of the "risotto" was all wrong. It was a little too loose like an Uncle Bens mix, and WAY too much saffron was involved. Our servers were very friendly and nice, and the only infraction was taking away my dining partner's plate while I was still eating.  Why this still happens is beyond me.  But thanks young miss for making me feel like I was gorging on fried chicken while someone watched and sipped water. Overall, it was a fine experienced, somewhat marred by the kids at the head table who were clearly taking advantage of the boss being away or maybe the staff discount?   I might go back, but not any time soon.
