*********** Review 299 *************        I took my best friend here, another Michelin Star, for our BDAY continue celebration with food & wine all OCT month. First walked in, shelves from floor to ceiling fill up with fresh apples, my best friend couldn't hold herself together, she grabbed 1 & ate it!        Bouley is so beautiful, definitely classic French style, as I walked in a castle, pastel paintings & designs on the walls, so romantic, & so charming.  Walking through another dining room, fresh flowers, wooden tables, opo, squashes, pumpkins displayed through out the restaurant, make me feel so Fall, my FAV season!, because it's our Birth month!       We got a table in the very back dining room, so romantic, wish I was with a gentleman, that would be nicer, instead of my loud & obnoxious BFF ;-) haha! Oh I have to come back soon for that ;-)        The gracious Johana came out & explained the menu to us. Then Sergey suggested us some wine pairing with our tasting menu. Service was excellent, so on point, quick and just enough time between the courses. I love how they both explained to us when each course arrive. Later, Sergey toured us the restaurant, and the ladies room, I was amazed! All burgundy velvet floor to ceiling, couches & chairs in purple & gold, it was like a nice lounge. I didn't want to leave! What we ordered: APPETIZERS & ENTREES: - Tomato chilled soup - so refreshing! - Organic Beefsteak heirloom tomato with Robiolina, tomato coulis, raspberry vinegar, orange powder, "Le Blanc" almond oil dressing - so sweet, so refreshing. I got my heirloom tomato in my garden that my BFF planted for me, but there likes more than thousands types of tomatoes, I always like to try new ones at fine resto like Bouley. - Chatham Blue Fin Tuna - marinated Japanese turnip, spicy radish, Yuzu-Miso dressing - such a nice dish & well dressing. - Cape Cod Skate steamed with exotic fruit bribiche, fresh lychee, mango, papaya, capers, homemade pickles, passion fruit, kumquat purée. This was so flavorful, furity, sweet, tangy, all together in every single bite. - Porcini Flan, Alaska Live Dungeness Crab - Blakc truffle Dashi - plenty of crab meat in this sweetness broth, the truffles were floating & every scoop I tasted the aroma was beyond words. Came in a copper mini pot, so adorable. My favorite dish at Bouley for sure. - All-Natural Pennsylvania Chicken - blue Kate and black truffle gnocci, Vermont chanterelles, Dijon, fresh spring chive and hyssop sauce. This was a big portion, the meat was so tender, the sauce was fantastic. - Long Island Duckling Glazed with Reglise - Organic white beets, first of the season Finger Lake grapes, Candic, Himrod, and Champagne. This was a divide dish. The meat was juicy, just pink inside, perfectly cooked. DESSERTS: - Chilled local strawberry soup with cherry tomato and strawberry granite, Greek olive oil ice cream -  tasty, creamy but not sweet at all. - Chocolate Frivolous: Chocolate Brulée, chocolate parfait, Hazelnut Dacquoise, chocolate walnut spice bread, white coffee ice cream, prune Armagnac ice cream -  wow, if you are a chocolate lover, this is HEAVEN on EARTH for you dish! - Selection of French, Italian and Domestic Cheeses - served with toast - delish! - Pineapple sorbet - refreshing. - Petite Fours - 3 tiers of happiness treats! WINES: - Champagne by the glass. - 2006 Chateau Mont-Redon Chateauneuf-du-Pape - young wine, tannin, acidity, exotic spices taste. - La Tour Vieille Banyuls Reserva - smooth, brerry fruity, deep note. - 2005 Château Tirecul La Graviere Monbazillac Les Pins - nice & smooth. light nose, well balance, fruity, very clean taste.          Wine list was notable, also plenty of by the glasses for you to choose from. Chef David Bouley food was French with a twist of Japanese influence, freshest ingredients from local & around the world, for such a a fraction of other Michelin Star restos that I've been to so far. By far, this was the most value Michelin Star meal I had all trip in Manhattan. On our way out, the hostess gave us the Tea Cake to go, how sweet is it? Unbelievable, I have to bring my parents here soon! Overall: 5 stars For value: 5 stars For Food: 5 stars For Service: 5 stars For ambiance: 5 stars Location: Tribecca
