I love the ambiance of this place. There are (at least) two dining areas, one upstairs and one downstairs. We were seated downstairs. The room has a nice high ceiling and is generally pretty dimly lit, with alcoves in the stone walls for candles. They have a couple of flatscreens high up on the walls showing black and white films -- I caught bits of two of them while I was there. One was a gangster film and the other seemed to be a Jet Li martial arts thing. Personally, I would expect a bit more of a sword/martial/samurai theme given the name of the restaurant but I really can't complain! Maybe they should show old jidaigeki films on those flatscreens to get a bit more on theme. My friend and I had a coupon from LivingSocial for a seven course tasting menu for two. The coupon described a meal including choices like "wagyu beef and zento's famous square sushi", but what we received was very different. The courses were as follows: 1. Miso soup with mussels - I am not a fan of miso soup; usually I find the fishy flavor of the dashi to be overpowering. However, this soup was exceptional. The flavors were really well balanced and the mussels were very tasty. 2. Calamari Salad - a few rings of deep fried calamari over greens. I liked it. 3. Crab cakes - two small handmade fried crab cakes. These were pretty plain and could have used a bit more sauce. They tasted fine, but nothing exceptional about it. 4. White fish carpaccio - three thin slices of white fish very well plated. Delicious and easy on the eyes! 5. Chicken Teriyaki - a couple of pieces of chicken, sauce, and a small mound of spinach and mushrooms. This dish was by far the most disappointing of the night as it was both small and boring. The greens were more exciting than the chicken. It tasted fine but nothing stood out about it, especially given that this should be an entree course. This is where the advertised Wagyu beef or square sushi should have been. 6. Sushi platter - Four nigiri sushi (salmon, tuna, white tuna, yellowtail) and half a roll. The sushi was incredible -- by far the best I've had in Philadelphia (for reference, I have had sushi at Pod, Mizu, Mixx, Aki, Green Garden, and the now defunct Genji). The roll had some sort of mayo based sauce in it (usually a no-no for me) but it was just perfectly balanced. 7. Dessert (shared) - Tofu cheesecake and red bean mochi ice cream. This was fine but unexciting. The cheesecake was better than expected but still pretty bland, and the ice cream was good. My girlfriend ordered some Tempura green tea icecream which I stole a bite of -- now THAT was a good dessert! Additionally, the meal came with some non-alcoholic cocktails. I tried a green apple based drink and a white peach based drink, both of which were quite tasty. Overall it felt like a reasonable value but mainly because of the Livingsocial price. I could see spending $35 plus tax and tip for this meal as a very nice value, but at $70 it would be overpriced.
