(to note, I've cross-posted this to Habanero's listing because they are basically one and the same and I ate things off both menus) Good God, why?  That is what you will be asking yourself after you've eaten at Habaneros/Spice II in Montclair, NJ.  It's certainly what my boyfriend and I are asking ourselves 24 hours later.  Why? First, WTF, seriously?  It's not Thai/Mexican fusion.  It's not even Thai or Mexican as far as we can tell.  The food here resembles something that someone who has experienced neither Thai nor Mexican first-hand might create after reading about it in their second (not native!) language.  I had better Mexican during my study-abroad in South Africa.  And the Mexican in South Africa really doesn't resemble anything that anyone in Mexico would actually serve you. Since these two restaurants are in this odd, Siamese-twin type state of being separate yet conjoined, you can order off either menu in both dining rooms.  If it makes any difference to you, we ate in the Mexican dining room because the maitre'd in the Mexican Dining room was very enthusiastic about our business while the woman in the Thai dining room was yelling at someone on her cell phone.  The Mexican dining room was playing delightful mariachi music.  So that was kind of nice. My boyfriend and I and our friends did just that - we ordered things off both menus.  Our salsa with our 10-chip appetizer was brown.  BROWN.  And it was not terribly tasty.  The chips were fine, and not overly salty, but the serving size was meager to be kind.  Although, I must note, they offered us more chips when we'd killed the basket off.  We declined. I had the pad-thai with shrimp (a.k.a old, stiff, under-cooked noodles in sugar-sauce with shrimp that had the texture and flavor of cardboard). My boyfriend had the chicken burrito (and I quote: "It was comprised almost entirely of beans and lettuce and the beans tasted at least 5 days old.").  The burrito had no pleasant spices or sauces (as Allison O. noted).  It was actually kind of gross looking.  We both declined to take it home. Our friends had the Pad Thai with shrimp and the spiced beef.  We all shared the Pineapple fried rice.  The fried rice was fine - but it wasn't that great, and it was very bland of Thai food - closer to bad Chinese takeout with little chunks of canned pineapple thrown in.  The spiced beef was a small portion that looked over-cooked. To top everything off, we all tried the fried ice cream, which was actually store-brand ice cream wrapped in several layers of tortilla.  Was it actually fried? I have no idea.  It was warm, but the tortilla was difficult to cut through and added an odd chewiness to the ice cream, which tasted like it'd been open in a cardboard container in a freezer for a week or two.  It remained unfinished, despite being on a table of four people who had each stopped eating their dinners prematurely.  It wasn't awful, but it just wasn't good enough to warrant eating more of it. I'm not overly familiar with all the options in Montclair, but there MUST be better Thai and better Mexican SOMEWHERE.  Anywhere?  I would not recommend blowing any money here. And you would be blowing it. To their credit, the service was fine and the waiter was helpful, although I thought the prices were awfully high for what we received given that there is much higher quality food in this area.
