Wow, how can this place in any way be related to excellent Battersby?!?!  In all honesty Dover only deserves 1 star but based on the polar opposite experience of Battersby, will give benefit of doubt that maybe everyone quit right before we got there and it was all new temporary staff they stole from CVS across the street. ATMOSPHERE: 1 star With the cheapest generic Home Depot tiles and Pizza Hut chairs, this place feels like the lobby of a bad condo development or one of the may budget hotels going up on 3rd avenue.  Unlike Battersby and pretty much any other restaurant in the neighborhood, it has absolutely no atmosphere or design sense/charm...it is just this generic harsh room.  I am not saying it needs to copy the Brooklyn theme look with Edison bulbs everywhere, but at least make some statement/effort.  To top it all off they have crappy speakers blasting a Spotify mix of every current Brooklyn band, which I would have no problem with, except the poor tin like sound quality combined with all hard surfaces turns the space into a miserable echo chamber. SERVICE: 0 stars We purposely took an early reservation (5:30) as we hate being sardined into a restaurant.  When making reservation (4 weeks earlier) and arriving we noted it was our 14th anniversary and that we weren't looking for any special treatment but would appreciate a quiet table.  When we get there, there is literally 1 other couple in the place and when they went to seat us right next to them we asked if maybe we could sit in one of the other 15 empty tables and they curtly said no and that they were fully booked for the evening (they offered to seat us outside but it was well over 90 degrees out and extremely humid).  The other couple had to get up in order for us to sit down.  10 minutes later after no server arrived a different hostess came over and offered to move us which we agreed to and thanked her for even though it was wedged in the corner by the server station.  At this point we were one of 3 tables.  When our waitress arrived, we mentioned we may want to do the tasting menu and asked if she could describe it and her description was so lackluster and unenergetic that we decided just to order from the menu (food review below) along with a bottle of wine.  Just as we were giving toast the hostess seated this very  loud couple right next to us.  Yes, boohoo, this is New York and you can't expect private dining but 90% of remaining tables were still empty.  Combating the loud couple were the very loud crappy speakers described above and the clanking of the plates and constant talking of the wait staff to one another inches from our table.  To top it all off, our waitress never once came back during the 1.5 hours we were there to ask or see how the food was.  Not one check in from ordering to the time we got the check. I am kicking myself for not telling this to the hostess, but I was trying not to bring down our anniversary any more than this whole dining experience had already done.  By the way, when we left 1.5 hours later, 80 percent of the tables were empty so there was absolutely no reason to sardine us in, in such a big space (it is not like Battersby where you have no other option). FOOD: 2.5 stars I can ignore bad atmosphere and service if the food is stellar, which at first seemed like it might be when the chilled gazpacho amuse bouche arrived and a truly phenomenal  bread basket.  We were off to a great start.  We started with the octopus and duck ragu which were both pretty good but nothing to blow you away.  Then came the main dishes of striped bass and cod.  Both were extremely bland and overcooked.  We never send things back, but had the waitress ever reappeared we would have mentioned this to her.  Both dishes seemed like they had been microwaved and were just completely forgettable.  We had already decided to skip dessert, but even if we wanted dessert the list of options of was so non-enticing....parfait anyone? So as much as it pains me to say it, based on our experience, I wouldn't recommend Dover to anyone.  There are literally dozens of far superior restaurants in this great neighborhood (including Battersby) and in fact this whole experience forced us to redo our anniversary a week later at Grocery (where we should have just gone in the first place).....what an incredible difference...the staff is incredibly attentive and friendly (and seems to want to be there) and both the owners took the time to stop by and talk to us.  We hadn't been in years, and were pleasantly surprised that this neighborhood classic has improved with age.  I will follow-up with that review soon.
