If you're a burger fanatic (if that even exists), Umami is a MUST. I really don't go gaga and wait around for burgers unless it's Shake Shack but I couldn't handle looking at one more image from this place. The photos really do speak for itself and in real life, only makes the drooling and oozing much more dramatic. My friends and I waited for about 30 minutes, which is fair, considering it was a busy Saturday night (seriously, when is it not busy?). The place has a really strong young vibe and I wouldn't exactly call it family-friendly--more like hot people-friendly. The inside resembles a mid-end diner and has this cozy atmosphere with the soft sofa chairs and the dim overhead lighting. I was stoked to get the much-hyped Truffle Burger; any food with a name that denotes truffle automatically grasps my need and desperation. You betcha we didn't hesitate to order Truffle Fries! I've never such amazing fries in my life, and this coming from someone who has a pretty high standard for her fries--the creamy truffle cheese on top was perfect and dripped like I was drooling as soon as that plate landed on my table. The sauces were alright but I loved the garlic aioli--full of flavor, thick and creamy. We also got the Tempura Onion Rings, which were a disappointment. The breading didn't hold up well and immediately fell apart as I picked it up. I think this had to do with the onions, which were still freshly cooked and wet. Onto the burger... For $12, it was very pricey but this is one of those rare moments where I say something pricey is worth every dollar. I was a little disappointed that there were no other toppings like a tomato, onion or even a piece of lettuce but I guess that'd take the whole experience out of the creation. The burger is amazing and surprisingly very filling for a small size. I added some of their Umami sauce in there and it was a better experience. Staff was very friendly and attentive and not pushy at all. I enjoyed every moment of being there and would definitely take some more friends out to eat there!
