My husband and I went here one rainy Friday night, hoping against hope that we'd get a table and be able to have a beer without too much of a hassle. It is NoLibs, and it was a Friday night.... I guess the rain was our reprieve because this place was nearly empty. Some peopel at the bar, and a table of the owner's friends in the corner, and us. I was impressed with their beer list, and the server (Can't remember her name: blonde, glasses) was awesome, attentive, and gave good reccomendations. I was admiring a plate of...something...the table behind us had ordered. The server told us it was a special order b/c they were the owner's friends. "Fried pickles." My husband and I commented on how good they looked and smelled and we continued drinking our beer. 5 minutes later, here comes the chef to our table with our own plate of fried pickles. On the house. They were awesome. Big thick slices of tart pickle with a just-thick-enough golden brown coating. THere was a honey-mustard type sauce that went with them. It tasted very home made to me. 5 stars for the fried pickles and 10 stars for the "you didn't have to do that" niceness of the staff. We got food to go because I believe firmly in judging a restaurant's food by its reheatability :) I got the lamb sliders. He got the cheeseburger. We both got stuffed with awesome food that if it tasted that good at room temperature 2 hours later, I can't imagine how awesome it must've tasted fresh out the kitchen. The lamb sliders were perfectly cooked. I know sliders...and you tend to either get a raw meatball on a bun, or a hockey puck. These were perfectly charred on the outside and nice and pink inside. The buns were tasty and golden brown. The fries were good and the burger...well, let's say I wish my stomach could hold twice its capacity. Awesome first time experience here. We will definitely come again. Staff was great and outstanding and out of their way nice without being hokey or fake about it. Food is delish, beer list is extensive. Want to eat more of their food....
