Needless to say, this place is disgusting. My boyfriend and i went here, basically because it was new.. and why not? I walked in and the atmosphere was OK. i mean its a new place it has to look nice. Walking in and reading the menu, I was super excited to try this place because it reminded me of Smashburger.   Especially the price. 10 dollars for a burger and fries.. and that didn't even include a drink.  So i expected something good for that kind of money. I ordered the mooyah burger with onion straws and regular fries. I'm not a big fan of sweet potatoes. My boyfriend ordered the turkey burger with guac and sweet potato fries. After waiting about five minutes i watch them dump an entire bowl of fries into my boyfriends bag and they only tonged me out about half a cup so I was already annoyed with the fact he got triple the amount of fries as me.. But thats just me being greedy. I went to sit down with my food and unwrap my burger only to find a big sopping sloppy meat pile. The burger was so drenched in grease everything just kinda wilted into one huge soggy mess. Staring down at this greasy mess, i noticed there was no onion straws on my burger, and for 75 cents extra on my 10 dollar order I would think that you would actually get my order right. But thats just me. I went back and handed them my pile of burger crap and they just gave me some cold onion straws wrapped in tin foil.. The burger was mediocre at best. It reminded me of Five Guys burgers, in the sense that everything was an oil slick and a gross mess. My fries were just soggy potatoes. Not crisp, and room temperature.  My boyfriend couldn't even finish a quarter of his sweet potato fries because they were burnt and just tasted like sticks of char. The buns were basically not buns at all. You'd expect something more sturdy to hold up such a grease ball of meat but it held up no better than two heels of bread.   I don't know if I'm over analyzing this place, especially since its a burger place, but  could have went to mcdonald's and had a better experience than this. Overall, the place is called Mooyah. I shouldn't have had my hopes up in the first place. I don't think I'll be visiting here any time again.
