I really wanted to like this place, but there were waaaaay too many things about it that I had to knock off points for as the night went on. We met up with our friend after work and we walked down here. The place is pretty small and you can hear the banging of dough in the kitchen, which made me very eager to try the hand pulled noodles. I had the pork chop noodles, and tasted some of the other dishes as well. It was a cold night, so we all ordered soups. The broth in all the dishes tasted exactly the same. Usually oxtail and beef noodles have very different flavored broth in my experience. The hand pulled noodles were okay, but they weren't as flavorful as I'd expected. I think it was because the broth was pretty bland. I've had much better not far away from this place. My bowl, the pork chop noodle, didn't come with very much meat on it. I took MAYBE two quarter sized bites out of meat from what was in my bowl & the rest was just bone. The bites weren't even anything good. It just tasted like boiled pork. Everyone got their food at the same time except for one person. We waited for a while for his food to come before we ate, but he urged us to eat, and after about 15 minutes we dug in...his food still somewhere in the kitchen being prepared. By the time his bowl arrived, the rest of us were pretty much done eating, which kind of sucks. One of the girls got the wrong order of noodles, which they tried to correct by giving her a 2nd bowl of the wrong order and then her original order, so we ended up with 6 bowls of noodles for 4 people. None of us even wanted the extra 2 bowls so they just sat there. We also had the pan fried dumplings, which we all liked. It was the best part of my meal. Although, since my buddy's food hadn't come out for so long, we all only had 1 each besides him, so he'd have something to eat while he waited. Experience was "meh," service was double "meh," and the food was bland noodles in chicken/onion stock. Homey stuff, but nothing worth raving about by any stretch--if I wanted food I could make at home...I'd make it at home. Can't say I agree with the vast majority that love this place. I wanted to like it, but I've had better (of these exact dishes) from smaller holes in the wall.
