A Thai spot called "Room Service" in the Theatre District causes all sorts of unintended mental associations... We're going WHERE now? No, it's not that type of place! It's a restaurant with totally standard Thai food, paired with reasonable prices, plus a great Gothic-styled interior that keeps the crowds streaming in. The decor isn't the generically modern look that nearby Thai spots go for, and it makes Room Service stand out on Hell's Kitchen's Bangkok Boulevard (this is Jando's nomenclature but it's a great name! yelp.com/list/bangkok-bo…). I was here in a group of 16 for a birthday dinner. We all know the requirements for a birthday dinner spot: (i) efficient handling of large groups (ii) easily accessible for many (read: in Manhattan) (iii) alcohol on the menu (iv) menu that isn't completely boring and can satisfy different dietary needs (v) decor with some sort of life about it It happily happens that Room Service can do all this, plus one better: You CAN get an entree for $10. ! Most dishes hover closer to $11-16, particularly in the "Eat Like a Bangkokian" section. But they're very nicely presented for the price, with dramatic plating, real orchids as garnish, etc. A few of us went for the Pad Noh Mai, which had a stern note under its menu listing that the spice level would not be adjusted for American tastes. Unfortunately we all agreed that the dish was barely spicy at all! At any other Thai spot (in Queens, anyway), it would be called mild. All the food came reasonably promptly and was reasonably good. They dealt with our birthday crap (e.g. paying the bill with no fewer than 12 credit cards and a few wads of cash) well, and kept everyone supplied with sake. Making a reservation comes with a warning that you won't be seated until your party is complete, but they gave us a table anyway about 15 minutes after our reservation time, before 4 or 5 stragglers streamed in. The high ceilings and long, narrow room makes sound echo nicely; it's too loud for a date at its busiest (around 10pm on a Saturday), but just right for big groups.
