RARELY do I take the time to write a review on Yelp, but considering all the negative attention Brooklyn Crab has gotten, I thought it was time to give a good review.  First of all - for those who are complaining about the downstairs bar being cash only...  YES, we all know how annoying that can be, but considering they provide an ATM and the beers downstairs are also cheaper, GET. OVER. IT.  This is really just a technicality and plenty of restaurants are cash only, it's just not something I think one can complain about.   Anyways... I thought all the components of a great restaurant were here.  I am not a huge seafood eater, but I actually really enjoyed all of the food we ordered (Northwest steam pot, fried clams, and the wedge salad)... I thought our server was sweet and attentive, and we did not feel we were waiting an extraordinary amount of time for anything in particular.  Considering this is more of a laid back beach spot, I actually prefer a slower service approach (although honestly it really wasn't slow), because why on earth do I want to be rushed out of such a beautiful place?!  If you have made the considerable trip down to Red Hook, why not hang out a while and just enjoy a lazy afternoon of drinking and eating?  What's your rush?  I suggest not showing up ravenous so that  you don't feel pressured to get seated RIGHT AWAY and can actually enjoy and appreciate Brooklyn Crab for what it is (after all, how can you blame a restaurant for having a long line when it's an outdoor restaurant in the middle of July).  I felt like more than anything, coming here was about the experience of exploring a new neighborhood, taking in the views, and relaxing on a Sunday afternoon with good friends.  On top of that, I was not disappointed by the food or service.  In fact, I had read reviews of BK Crab and as a service industry worker was looking out for all these hang ups people had been talking about.  I can't say I found any!  Come with a good attitude and open mind and I can assure you a pleasurable experience!
