For our last restaurant in New York... we decided on Italian, of course! :D O Yelp... how I love thee and your uncanny ability to find awesome restaurants in minutes! While I genuinely love to research, sometimes the situation calls for a game-time decision, and that's when I turn to my trusty little red icon on my Galaxy. I know I wanted Italian for lunch and we had about 2 hours before we needed to make our way to the airport. Our hotel was fortunately centrally located, and not too far to Broadway...there were some options nearby, but nothing truly outstanding.... so off we went to 46th street, about 4 blocks from the hotel, at a fast walking pace! Whilst we walked, I pulled up my handy-dandy app and searched for awesome Italian, quickly zeroing in on Becco. After fighting our way through the human rush hour traffic that is Times Square, the bf and I got to 46th street... it was lined with a bunch of cute, innocuous spots... seafood, Brazilian.... Italian! We went in and luckily, since it was after lunch and before dinner, we were able to get seated right away. The place is lovely and romantic.... nice lighting (but not too dark), elegant without being snooty... loved the atmosphere. The bread basket was very interesting though they followed the traditional Italian way and served it cold (give me hot bread with butter any day!!). There was an interesting mustardy dip, though, and a small plate of olives. :) Service was very friendly and did not make us feel out of place, though the other patrons certainly seemed fancy. We ordered wine and soda, and placed our food order: minestrone soup and lasagna. I gotta delve a little on the wine - I am by no means a wine person (give me hef any day), but it was a nice Italian place and I've been trying to drink more wine, cuz it gives me an excuse to drink and pretend to be healthy and fancy. I got the Nero D'Avolo and I think it's the best red wine I've ever tasted. Not too dry, but not so sweet that I'd think I was adding unneeded extra calories. Really enjoyed it. Minestrone soup: was served straight from the pot! The cook came out with the pot and ladled the steaming soup onto our plates. The veggies were flavorful and fresh, the broth pretty good. I'd say a strong 3.5 of 5... a teeny little bland. Lasagna: probably best lasagna I've had. While the bf was prolly a little disappointed with the lack of melty cheese, I was happy. It was very meaty and I think we were able to truly appreciate the flavors. He did admit it was pretty good, and I loved it. 4.5 of 5. While the service is attentive, the food is a bit slow to come out. I was starting to get a little nervous, tbh, and we had to hurry back to the hotel afterwards. So not recommended if you're in a rush, but if not... awesome Italian! PS: bathroom a little tricky to find... it's near the larger bar area in the second room.
