Great cocktails, very solid food and completely reasonable prices actually brought me to Rye for dinner twice within a month. The decor here is what I'd call "classic old fashioned" and it's certainly inviting though not overly warm. Take away the wine glasses and there could almost be a wild west vibe, if not for the old, white tiled floor (which does show a little grit). Everything else works together to develop the old fashioned feel... an old bar, wood bar stools and worn tables, exposed lighting, old cabinetry. Rye would be just as good for a date as it would be for a group dinner. My highlight on the drink menu included, unsurprisingly, a "classic old fashioned" that I could probably drink all night long, and maybe all day long as well. The Havemeyer cocktail didn't quite do it for me, though perhaps I expected a Manhattan and this is a much fruitier concoction. At $10 apiece, I didn't feel too guilty re-ordering the same drink... in NYC the same cocktails would have gone for $13+. A few good options for beer rounded out the drink selections and laid the groundwork for a good meal. A rather small dinner menu seemed limiting at first, though after two visits here I have found every food item I've eaten to be worth ordering. For appetizers... crab croquettes: great; short rib sandwich: excellent; meatloaf: probably good enough that it could be the basis for its own restaurant. A special ceviche app also hit the spot. Entrees have a hearty feel, and my favorites included the LI duck breast -- which was cooked perfectly and came with cous cous & tomato chutney to make this a great dish -- and the hanger steak: a menu staple that was done right. The meatloaf sandwich could also be eaten as an entree and it was good enough that I nearly ordered a second helping. Service at the bar was good, with a friendly bartender who was happy to talk about how he develops drinks, though table service was hit-or-miss at times. Our waitress on one visit was a little too blase and unattentive, even by Williamsburg standards. Overall impression: when a restaurant provides good ambiance, has solid cocktails for $10, and delicious food that keeps me coming back... well there isn't much else to say, is there?
