I just have to give this place 5 stars for so many reasons, any of which on their own could easily have bumped this place to perfect quality. The FourSquare Deal: Any restaurant that has a Foursquare deal is a huge win for me. It shows that they care about their customers and want to reward their loyal fanbase. I mean, it could also mean that they're not getting business and are being desperate... but I like to think positively! This place is already poppin' so I feel like this is a kind gesture to their customers. If you order any number of chickens you can get a free side of fries with your order (and they definitely don't skimp out!) The Service: The lady at the cashier was amazing! I don't know her name, but she was black, wore glasses, and had curly hair. She was really accommodating and made sure we had everything we needed. I arrived when my friend was just finishing her order. I told her there was a Foursquare deal, but it seemed like it was too late because she had already paid. The cashier offered to add on another side if she cared for it. Also, we wanted tap water, but I think they didn't really have any, so she gave us two bottled waters for free! She also added on free dipping sauces without us asking. Finally, when we were leaving, my friend had left something behind, so the cashier came out running looking for us to make sure we got what we had left behind. Someone give her a raise! I live all the way in Astoria, but now I feel like Sticky's has got themselves a loyal follower. The Food: Oh god. I just LOVE the innovation and creativity at this place, whether that be in naming their dishes, mixing seemingly unrelatable ingredients together, or plating their food with style. I ordered three pieces of the Wasabi Fingers and I fell in love. The crispy shell was a little harder than I would have liked, but the sauces and toppings created a wonderful harmony. The roe, ginger, and wasabi worked really well with the panko crust and the soy sauce added a nice kick of saltiness. Three pieces was definitely big enough for me - I was worried that it would be too small. My friend's original fingers looked pretty good, but I did not try them. The Badabing was amazing! It was much softer, tender, and full of hearty flavors, from the marinara to the mozzarella. The salty caramel was also delicious, with the chicken covered in syrup, salts, and pretzels. I don't think I could eat that as a dinner though... it kind of reminded me of chicken and waffles but combined into one. The cajun fries, salt & vinegar fries, and truffle fries were all good as well. I enjoyed the truffle fries the most. This place is great and considering that it opens until the wee hours of the morning, it's a great spot to go when you are having your midnight munchies. I do feel like it is a waste as drunk food because the hammered won't be able to appreciate the artistic beauty that the chefs here posses in plating the chicken.
