There is nothing awesome about Penelope.  Sure, it's OK...the food is decent, the decor is cute, but an hour or more wait-time on the weekend for mediocre food? I don't get it.  There are places nearby with shorter wait-times and better food.  I guess I just don't understand what everyone's paying for.  It's certainly not the homefries. Knowing there'd be a ridiculous wait on a Sunday at around 10:30-11:00am, my friends sent me early, iPad in hand, to put our names down and wait patiently as they woke up, got ready, and moseyed over.  The wait turned out to be about an hour or so, but if you bring a book and want to partake in their free coffee while waiting on a country-style bench as people congregate around the host stand, it's not such a bad queue. When we were finally seated in the small dining room, I immediately glanced around at the other plates (come on, you know you do it, too...people just respond better to visuals of the food than their listing on the menu!) to see what looked good.  A theme emerged: french toast.  Cross-referencing my sights with the menu I was handed, I realized this must be the "famous" nutella french toast that everyone talks about.  OK, I'll bite (pun most definitely intended), give me this freaking french toast. I have to know what the ruckus is all about. While it was definitely the best dish of the morning, it wasn't absolutely knock-my-socks off.  I've definitely had better (I'm talkin; to you, Cafe Luna, the object of my desires).  The toast was fluffy and light, and certainly not a spot of soggy or dry...but the streaks of nutella were more for coloring than flavor, and the dish tasted more like buttery bread than nutella. We also ordered the spinach pie - It came in a giant, tall slice on the plate with some "mixed greens" (wilted romaine tips).  While it looked pretty, it did not taste homemade and I immediately feared it was mass-made (there or elsewhere), frozen, and thawed/cooked when needed.  Dense, bland, underwhelming - I wouldn't suggest you order this, as it was not a stand-out item by any means. As a breakfast-staple, we also ordered an omelet with homefries.  Both were bland and under-seasoned (dire need of salt all around), and the homefries were too-overcooked (sat under the heat lamp too long?) and dry/crunchy.  Do yourself a favor and get the fries instead of the breakfast potatoes - Those fries looked like a Glamour Shot.  So dandy. Value commentary: Like most brunch-y places, they offer a pre fixe menu: $15 gets you coffee/tea and juice OR a mimosa along with the entree.  For $9 you can get many of the entrees alone, so if you're having the pre-fixe with coffee rather than a cocktail, it's probably a better deal to just order them separately.  You'll save money that way (and the small glass of too-sweet, too-thick fruit juice, no refills, they give you does not make up the difference you're paying).  My advice?  Decide whether this will be a boozy-brunch for you, and if not, go rogue and order a la carte.
