The cuisine of Deutschland never really called to me and I am not into beer so I was shocked to have an unexpectedly fabulous time at Frankford Hall!   They created quite a festive atmosphere - there was ping pong, a face painter, a balloon artist and magician, oh my! There was even an oom-pa pa kind of band which was quite good; the one guy was the James Hetfield of accordion players, oomping out like crazy!  Somehow I felt a tiny bit like Truly Scrumptious transported to Vulgaria, there were men wearing German fedora type hats and then others in actual lederhosen (later I realized they were with the band).   We were with a group of foodies and ordered a bunch of stuff we shared so I got to taste lots of things. Some of my top favorites were the red cabbage, the Bavarian pretzel with delightfully hot Dijon mustard and the spatzle noodles fried to a toasty brown on the outside but still soft inside with yummy bits of sauteed bacon and mushroom.  They had a pulled pork sandwich on special that was also tasty on a nice soft roll.  Everyone in my group loved the potato pancakes and tossed salad as well.  The fries were good but I don't get the big appeal of "curry catsup" - I mean, it was ok but not like something outrageously amazing or anything.    Someone ordered something that was sliced sausage in this delicious red, onion, spicy sauce. We also tried the cupcakes - both the german chocolate and carrot were great, especially the carrot, nice and moist and not too sweet. The potato salad didn't thrill me, it was very vinegary which was ok but I think it would have tasted a lot better hot I can't really comment intelligently on the beer except to say I wished they offered a "small" glass - the choices were a really big mug I would never be able to finish before the beer got stale and warm or a mug so huge it was bigger than my head.  I ended up just sipping from hubby's mug and trying everyone else's - the beers were all good in different ways but I liked the ones we had at Memphis Tap better.  It was nice they will give samples before you order though. I think the furnishing and set up are fantastic as is the casual atmosphere and going up and ordering one's own drinks and food.  I did not like the way the bathrooms were set up, the toilets are in separate rooms but there is a trough sink that is shared.   There were cute boys that came and cleared away, they seemed a bit dour but maybe it's because they were wearing black, they were friendly enough when you spoke to them though.   All the staff was nice and had a nod or smile as you walked by. One small point, if there is a band it's probably best not to sit too close as we did, even though they were fun 4 hours of trying to talk over polka music can eventually become tiresome, no matter how delightful the tuba player!
