Every time I visit or leave NYC, I make it a point of coming here and gathering my friends to spend a good time... Why do I come here? Well, its location is great, it is spacious, they have a great beer selection and the food is pretty good, and they are usually not as packed as all the other places around. Now you may be wondering after what i've just said above, why the hell I would give this place 1 star?!? Well, it's simple: I love coming here, and usually bringing in a group of 15-20 people is smiled upon, and it sure was this last time around, at least while we were all ordering food and drinks when we came in and for the first 2.5 hours or so of us being there (mind you, when we came in, they were open but so empty that the employees were sitting in the spacious back area chatting and reading a newspaper, and even when we eventually *SPOILER* left the place, there were still plenty of open seats). But, as is bound to happen with any group and party, we were starting to wind down, drinking slower and getting ready to wrap it up, so some people had stopped ordering drinks, when all of a sudden the manager comes in and says "we're running a business here, we've closed your tabs"!! Excuse me?!! Are you kicking us out?! His reasoning was that there was another group coming and they wanted our table since we weren't drinking. Tactfully, it could have been dealt with SO MUCH BETTER. This was a group of around 20 people who had spent a good amount of time and money here, while some people hadn't ordered, some had just placed new orders for beers, which the manager was happy to hand the drinks while simultaneously handing the check! All this, and the group for whom they were kicking us out for opted to sit at another table, which fit them just fine as they were smaller than our group. This COULD and SHOULD have been dealt by telling us another group is coming, and if we could move to another table or close our tab with a 15 min heads up, but the way it was done left a very sour taste in the mouth. I don't think i'm coming back here, i don't think any of my friends (who first introduced me to Swift in the first place), and I will strongly recommend people take their business and group events elsewhere, as obviously the management doesn't care. The worst thing was that the manager was unapologetic, rude, and didn't even listen or care to hear one of our group who was an F&B-service industry employee explain why we were unhappy with our treatment... Next time I'm in NYC... well, I'm looking for suggestions for places to go to with my friends, 'cause Swift is sadly not my go to location anymore.
