there are literally thousands upon thousands of reasons why Pat's is a superior steak establishment to Geno's, which are in no way limited to the superiority of the steaks themselves.  yes, you will always eat a better cheesesteak at Pat's... but let us examine some of the non-culinary reasons why Geno's does not deserve your business or mine: 1.  the facade -- let's be honest.  Geno's is an aesthetic embarassment.  while Pat's scores points with an understated and humble exterior, Geno's has always tried to compensate for their inferior product by dressing the whole place up in a vomit-inducing sea of neon lights.  take a note, Geno:  the lights only illuminate your desperation. 2.  the menu -- Geno's is the only place I have ever heard of (outside of the cafeteria in our fair halls of congress, that is)  that ever replaced their "french fries" with "freedom fries".  that's right.  they call them freedom fries.   yeeee-ikes. 3.  the xenophobia -- Notoriously opposed to the post-italian immigrants in south philly, and probably pissed at the five or six french tourists who visit philadelphia a year, the window at Geno's features a delightful little sign which states "this is AMERICA please speak ENGLISH when ordering" followed by a sign stating "Management Reserves the Right to Refuse Service".  and if you think the message in sign 1 has never intersected with the policy in sign 2, think again.  what a fine ambassador to our city you are, Genie-boy! 4.  the plaque -- underneath the window is a plaque hung in honor of fallen police officer Daniel Faulkner.  for non-delphians, this name might not mean much, but he is the victim in our city's highest-profile and most hot-button murder case.  (i won't go into the details, but if you want to know more about what this is all about, you'll find plenty of info when you google "Mumia".)  my issue is not that they honor the memory of this police officer, which i think is perfectly appropriate if done respectfully.  what seems kind of messed up is the fact that the plaque gives equal time to the officer's accused murderer:    it just seems really inappropriate, and i can't imagine it would make any friends or family of officer faulkner feel very good if they have to be reminded of the murderer's name every time they see the plaque. i don't mean to focus too heavily on this cheesesteakery's politics, but  in being so flagrant about it they clearly invite the scrutiny. the bottom line is this:  Pat's is just a better steak, and if it's too hard for you to make up your mind based on the variables of taste, texture, size, and service... there are plenty of other factors you can use to justify your decision.  Perhaps the sign on Pat's window says it best --- "Don't eat a Mis-steak"
