Hi there. I just want to tell you about the horrible experience I had with my family on valentines day at this restaurant. We had read multiple reviews online as well as word of mouth saying how good your restaurant is. We arrived around 6pm. We were greeted and seated. We sat and waited about 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us at our table. Someone finally came over with menus and walked away. There was no introduction and he did not ask if we wanted anything to drink. About 5 minutes later a different person came over and asked what we would like to drink and if we were ready to order. We said we would like water to drink and we wanted to do the all you can eat sushi. He left the table and came back with the sushi menu and our water. We ordered shumai, teriyaki chicken, edamame and some sushi rolls. The food literally came out in 2 minutes which was quite surprising. The shumai was hard and cold and unedible. The teriyaki chicken was a grilled chicken breast with sauce glopped over the top. The sushi rice was warm which was very unapetizing but since I was about to pay over $50 for this meal I managed to choke it down. As we are eating we have no one coming over to ask how things are or if we want anything else. There were a few random people who came to clear plates away. Fast forward about another 10 minutes and a hostess seats a couple next to our table and asks if we are ready to order. We explain to her that we are a bit confused with the whole situation since we dont seem to have one person who is our waiter and she explains to us we actually have two waiters (Mike and Pho) who are sharing the duties. Ok we say we are ready to order more food.  So she brings over a menu which we open and realize it is the same menu we ordered our first round from. Strange we thought since we might decide to order different items. So we circle new choices which are 4 sushi rolls and some more edamame. This hostess comes back and takes the menu and we explain to her that we want what we have circled. She walks away and Mike comes back over with the same menu and we have to explain again to him that we are confused and that we circled the items we want this time. He leaves us and then we sit and wait this time for about 10 minutes for our food to come. When it comes, it is only the sushi and no edamame. We start to eat the sushi and realize that this sushi rice is warmer than the last sushi rice and we couldnt even eat it. So we leave it on the table. Mike came over at one point while we were waiting for the food and our children wanted ice cream so he brought over two bowls of vanilla ice cream for them. Once we decide we arent eating anything else we sit and wait about another 10 minutes for anyone to come over and we tell Mike we just want the check. The amount was 52.00 which honestly i was about to walk out without paying because my experience was so terrible. I wasnt sure what to do with the check so i went up to the front desk and waited for someone there. The same hostess who brought our second menu came over and took my payment. I am not sure if the staff were overwhelmed on this particular night or if this is how service usually is but i was extremely disappointed. Not only that, the food made myself and my wife sick that night. We dont plan on coming back to this restaurant and will definitely give our opinion if asked. A disappointed customer.
