Can someone PLEASE SAY OVERRATED!!!??? This Halal Cart does not deserve to average 4.5 stars. I mean seriously, this Halal stand is so overrated. People continue to go ape shit over this Halal Cart and I will tell you why they shouldn't. Food - I looked at how they were grilling the chicken and lamb. They have chicken and lamb prepared in separate containers. As I watched the man dump the lamb onto the grill, it was just plain lamb, no juice, NADA! Shit ain't even marinated for flavor and you're prolly guessing "that's why they give you white sauce and hot sauce!" WRONG!! If you hit up a real Halal Cart in Queens where there is a larger population of Islamic, Muslims, or whatever Middle Eastern country people, these guys prepare their lamb and chicken way better than the guys from 53rd and 6th. When I ordered from here, the chicken and lamb was diced into so many pieces that it looked like mush, something you would find in your Jamaican beef patty. Another thing about the lamb and chicken, there was NO FLAVOR!!!! it was dry as hell. They used no herbs or spices. It is the most bland lamb and chicken combo I have ever had. No wonder people O.D on the white sauce over here because without it, the chicken and lamb taste like trash! The rice here sucks too! It's not buttery like most places and it's just flavorless. Service - They work pretty fast here but they are very filthy people. The line here is ridiculous all day. I came here several times praying for a better experience but they keep disappointing me. I was here just last Saturday at 4am, the line was long as hell and the guys at the cart were dirty as hell. You can clearly see rice all over their work station and it was just unpleasant to look at while you're ordering. The people who rave about this place can't stop stressing how FRESH this place is, get the F outta here with that type of talk. If it is SO FRESH, then why is there a big van parked right next to the carts with containers of flavorless, non-marinated chicken and lamb??? hmmmm, yummmy isn't it? That van is parked there all day in hot and cold weather, very FRESH!!! And I highly suggest that if you do eat the salad, think about why you may have explosive shits after you have just consumed their nasty halal food. It's because many vendors are just filthy people. Has it ever crossed your mind that when these guys are preparing your lamb and chicken at home or wherever, they might not of cleaned their knife after using it to slice raw chicken and lamb when they chop the salad? Can anybody say SALMONELLA?? Verdict - SKIP IT!! This place is for tourist and people who just have a bad taste in food or people who think they have a good taste in food! Even if I was a tourist, I wouldn't wanna come here. This place use to be decent 4-5 years ago? But now they're just banking on the name of their location "53rd and 6th". That's F'N lame guys. As a New Yorker, you should really find a better Halal stand, one that provides great flavor and quality unlike this place. And if your asking me "So okay smart guy, where is a good Halal place then?" I would tell you SAMMY'S! in Queens. These guys at 53rd and 6th use no onions, no spices, no herbs, NOTHING! They are banking on your money while serving you trash! Making you think that this shit is the real deal. GET THE F OUTTA HERE with that lame shit! I hate this place. END OF STORY.
