Regrettable, lackluster food and experience. I came here after perusing through the Italian Market, and after eating my sandwich, I regretted not eating somewhere - anywhere - at the Italian Market instead. 100% touristy and gimmicky, overpriced, greasy and messy, tastes like a waste of space, provolone not melted, not enough places to sit and eat, distasteful clientele. I know that this isn't the local favorite for cheesesteaks in this city, but my tourist intuition told me to go here for a memorable experience. My sister had recommended against Geno's ("I've had better in Burbank, CA," she said), and I personally didn't care to financially support their political agenda anyway, so I chose Pat's. I'm guessing that there may not be much difference in quality or service, however. Sorry, cheez whiz is disgusting in general. I instead ordered "one provolone wit." I paid my $9.50, and literally within 5-10 seconds, my sandwich appeared at the window. They spend more time and care making my sandwiches at Subway. I should have paid attention as soon as I picked up my cheesesteak from the counter, because the worker took out his towel and wiped down the greasy juices from the counter top where my food had just been... and as I walked around the building to find a table to sit and eat, the same greasy juices spilled right over my shirt and jeans. Gahh. Thank you, Pat's, for letting me walk around like this for the rest of the day (I spent the evening trying to scrub down my clothes in my hotel sink with a bar of soap). I found a seat at a table as soon as a couple of other patrons finished their sandwich and left, and then sat about to eat my cheesesteak. I didn't like that the provolone wasn't melted, probably because they just slap a couple slices on the bread in the 5 seconds after your order. The meat tasted flavorless to me and the whole thing tasted like a waste of stomach space and calories to me. I rarely ever do this, but after eating my way 2/3 through the cheesesteak, I decided I was better off just tossing the remainder. Yes, I suspect that the cheesesteaks probably do taste better in Burbank... And while I was sitting at my little table, a group of six Asian guys decided that there was nowhere else to eat, and just sat down and crowded the table with me and hovering around me as I ate. I get it, you guys are so awesome and badass that you can just overtake a lone girl's table without the shred of decency to ask if it's OK, or any sense of how uncomfortable and weird it is for me to have to sit among your thug selves as you swear up a storm talking about your cars and your women. Yes, you guys are so thug in your American Eagle Outfitters t-shirts. Pat's, if this is in any way representative of your normal patrons, I think I hate your dumb clientele more than your food. Never again.
