Yesterday, my girl and I wanted to grab food. So we drove to Rutt's Hutt only to find out they were closed. We then decided to go to Sharky's Wings & Raw Bar in Clifton. Big mistake. They do not by any means have bad food. It's actually pretty damn good, with their variety of wing sauces and daily changing specials. The atmosphere isn't bad either; a generic but clean, dimly lit bar. It's the service. You would honestly be better off yelling your order to the kitchen and picking up the plates yourself. We sat down in plain sight at the bar but our waitress Shannon didn't bring us menus or approach til 15 minutes after our arrival. Also, when she first talked to us we weren't greeted, she just barked, "what do you want?", in a shrewd voice. At this point it was 2:30 p.m. The menu said they offered a Happy Hour special where wings were 0.50$ a piece after 3:00 p.m. So naturally I asked Shannon if we could place an order and she could put it in the computer after 3:00 so we could get the special. She said no, "they had to be ordered after 3:00". Normally, I would leave but we were there, my girl was hungry and I had to be at work at 5. So we told her we needed a little more time to consider our order. We got onion pedals, a cheese-steak and a burger. It wasn't their kick ass wings, but it was all delicious. It would have been even more delicious if it didn't take 45 fucking minutes to arrive when there were no other customers. Y'know, like if our food didn't come later than 3:00 o'clock. After we finished, instead of getting our check, my girl and I listened to Shannon complain to a co-worker about how long and hard her 5 hour shift was. After 20 minutes of being ignored I got sick of her shit and shouted "YO, I NEED MY CHECK". Shocked; she jumped about a foot in the air, made a nasty face, then got us the bill. Needless to say she got a $0.50 tip. As we walked out, my girl told me Shannon was yelling something out the door. I know Shannon works off tips, but I don't think Shannon realized she has to work for her tips. The bottom line is I don't recommend this place. If you would like to try Sharky's delicious wings they have another venue in Boonton that provides a great experience to go with their good food. This was not the only time the Clifton venue gave me sub-par service, but it will be the last.
