It's unfortunate that my first review is not going to be me describing a wonderful experience...To be honest, I had high hopes going in given all the positive reviews from everyone. Some context: It was a Thursday night, all I wanted was to have a nice drink and talk with a friend of mine after a long day at work. Didn't really need any food, maybe some tapas if the stomach so wished... First off, the restaurant had a really nice vibe and it was nicely packed. Drinks were delicious, even though I was disappointed that they ran out of St. Germain and it was only 8:30PM...Some drinks we had were the mojito and the sangria pitcher to share (delicious). The chips for our guac that we got later was so hard, I thought I almost chipped a tooth. I've never had such rock hard chips in my life...However, my hopes were still high for a good experience given how much I value some people's opinions on here. But the night just got worse... My major complaint? Service. Once you enter in, there's no one to really greet you or talk to you. Our waitress had a serious attitude the moment she sat us down. I'm guessing it was because we said we weren't really hungry and were really here for the drinks. Whatever the reason was, that is in no way the appropriate way to serve a customer at your restaurant. As disappointed as I was, I felt bad that we may be taking up someone's seat so I decided to order some guac and chips for us. Even after this, the whole time I felt like she was rushing us out of the restaurant. At one point, she came to pour out the rest of the sangria pitcher we got so we could finish up faster. Are you serious? With all this being said, she had the nerve to come ask us after we signed the bill why we gave her 10% tip and that she did us a service by not asking us to sit at the bar. What a disgrace of a waitress. Anyway, I'm not going to let the terrible service from this one "waitress" completely distort the rating of the restaurant. But here's a quick summary: - Good vibe for medium to large groups - Too loud for one on one dates/gatherings - Delicious drinks - Beware of bad service
