i rate a restaurant based on a. food b. atmosphere c. service/attitude i'll keep it short: a. dirty restaurant with pending status from health department b. unsatisfactory service, they dont know hot to smile ? they look at customers like they are the plague, no consideration of what we need besides water and menu, kind of dropped the hot sake on the table loudly (very rude), lied about the waiting time to be 30 minutes but took actually 1hr 40 mins, have to be told repeatedly about bringing me two sake cups, ordered extras but only half came and had to ask again c. forgettable soup base (miso, chicken broth, and mega ramen chick broth), becomes too thick as you go at it, gravy like d. cha siu tasted bland and they use handheld gas burners to create burnt marks e. avo tuna is bland, looked good, tasted not as good f. the avocados i ordered had black spider web looking marks on them, it means they are over ripe and they should've served fresher ones.... i know what tastes good, whats clean and whats not clean, and whats good service and whats bad service and sadly this place disappoints on all three points VERY badly conclusion:  totto sucks, way overrated, i only finished it cause i was hungry and i hate wasting food lolz, they create artificial demand by having a small store and making people wait, when you are hungry anything tastes good, how it got 2000+ reviews? they hired people? create multiple accounts? word of mouth? definitely ain't 5 stars, 1 at best, food, atmosphere and service is what matters in a restaurant, sadly the food is mediocre at best, atmosphere is dirty, cramped, and service was beyond horrible, two waiters gave me attitudes, took forever to give me chopsticks, took forever to give me two cups, took forever to get me my extra order of nori, the attitude is like "we dont care if u dont like us people gona come eat here anyway", dont waste your time waiting to eat here, there is definitely better places such as jin ramen, ippudo and mitsuwa in new jersey, steer clear
