After all the time I spend at Eat A Pita, I'm not sure what surprises me more: that I have yet to write a Yelp review or that Jamie has not made me an honorary employee by association. When I started working on 12th street, Eat A Pita was still in the works but I was excited to see a healthy lunch spot with TONS of veggie options coming into the neighborhood. My expectations were exceeded. Eat-A-Pita is not your typical falafel joint; in fact, they don't even have falafel or anything fried.  The options are endless, healthy, and full of flavor! Eat-A-Pita has many soup, sandwich, and salad options to choose from, but I think the best thing to start with is a build your own pita. You select your protein, anything from tuna salad to marinated tofu (my favorite is the roasted garlic hummus), your vegetables: you should get all of the veggies...its no extra charge! My suggestion is to get the oven roasted tomatoes instead of the raw ones, they are roasted in house and I see them in my dreams. Finally, you pick a pour, which are the dressings. All on your choice of a White or Wheat Pita. Now, when I say I spend a lot of time here, I would say I am here twice a week at least.  This being said, I have sampled much of what Eat-A-Pita has to offer...and as a vegetarian, it is refreshing to have so many options in one establishment. Not to be missed: The veggie chili (not like your typical chili, but WOW, its in a league of its own), the Market Salad (simple, fresh, yummy), and my new addiction: The Quinoa Salad. The soup specials change almost daily, and are always delicious. All in all, I'd say after my home, and my job, Eat-A-Pita just might be the place I spend most of my time.  Maybe that makes me a loser, but the crew at Eat-A-Pita just keeps me coming back. They always provide great customer service, and if you become a familiar face, they will remember you and your dietary preferences. Jamie, the owner is a sweetheart and I am glad she brought this scrumptious restaurant to our neighborhood. Bravo, Eat-A-Pita! Keep up the good work, and I, solely, promise to keep you in business!
