Loconda Verde --  a taste of New York I became an instant fan of. The moment I told my friend from NY that I was visiting, she told me that we HAD to try this restaurant (as it was the talk of the city and a hotspot in TriBeCa). Since TriBeCa is blatantly a trendy and chichi neighborhood, I expected nothing less.  And after a long day out and about, I was pretty nervous walking in with flip flops during dinner time.  As posh as Locanda Verde was, however, the vibe itself was surprisingly comfortable and down-to-earth.  No one seemed to care about my exposed dusty feet quite frankly! The topic of service is a whole different story, and was the most disappointing part of our experience.  Our waiter was stoic, and our servers were incomprehensibly clumsy.  There were many incidents during the night where they would literally walk into our table (almost knocking over our drinks). Thankfully, when our food arrived and our bellies were full, we were able to channel out the calamity around us. * SHEEPS' MILK RICOTTA  w/ sea salt & herbs - was a great start to our meal.  It was highly recommended on Yelp, and we could definitely see why.  It felt so bad eating so many slices of bread with fattening, creamy cheese, but it tasted so yummy that it was hard to care. * FIRE-ROASTED GARLIC CHICKEN was my main entree.  It's typically served for two, but I requested it for just me (one).  This is one of the best chicken I've ever had!  It was so exceptionally moist that I could barely tell the difference between the dark meat and white meat.  The breast, which is typically my least favorite, was deliciously juicy and tender. * RUSTIC POTATOES w/ with garlic and parmigiano-reggiano was my side order.  The first five bites of the crispy chunks of potatoes were heavenly.  After a while though, I was easily sick of it because it was too rich and heavy.  This side dish definitely did not compliment my already filling plate of chicken. As for dessert -- unfortunately, I forgot what it was called, but it was scoops of different sorbetto.  I had a couple bites of it but couldn't eat much since I was stuffed from everything else! If I already didn't make it clear: The food was simply fantastic and dressed with class -- all while maintaining a decent price tag and nonchalant ambiance.  Locanda Verde lived up to the hype.
