From the Becco Restaurant Website, a little bit of the restaurant history: "The name Becco is derived from the Italian verb beccare, which means to peck, nibble or savor something in a discriminating way.  Lidia Bastianich & her son, Joseph, opened Becco in the theater district in 1993. It is best known for its acclaimed $17.95 pre fix lunch menu & $22.95 pre fix dinner menu that includes a large assortment of Italian antipasti or a classic Caesar salad together with unlimited tableside servings of our 3 daily pasta preparations. Becco also offers an extensive a la carte menu including chicken, fish, veal, & pork entrees." We came here for dinner prior to seeing the show Equus (review available).  We arrived at 645pm and the place was packed.  We put our name on the list and decided to proceed to the bar... where is the bar?  Well, all the stools were taken by people eating at the bar and there is no place to stand at all... not to even have a drink...  bummer...  We had to stand in a narrow hall and just wait with waiters and everyone passing by... As more people showed up, you could tell we all wanted to have a drink but there was no place to go with some of the patrons having to go and wait outside. The place seems to be small from the outside but once inside and your name gets called, the place is a maze... we got to sit in the very back room.  A nice, cozy two person table (and by cozy, I mean, very close to the patrons seated next to you) where the waiter had a hard time putting down the bread basket, juggling and moving  the water and wine glasses around to make room for it.  The bread was fab!  Very soft focaccia bread as well as the baguette; served with olives and some kind of spread which was superb! We were handed our menus and if you like wine, here is the deal... They do have a list of wine bottles for $25.  We decided to order two wine glasses of the Montepulciano Italian red wine and each glass costs $11.  Two glasses of wine plus $3 would buy the whole bottle, so be aware of that.  Since we were going to the show afterward, we decided to just go for the glasses as we wanted to be semi-conscious throughout the performance. As I was not as hungry, I just ordered the "Sarme" which is classic meat stuffed cabbage braised in tomato sauce with crispy spaetzle.  My friend went for their famous 'never ending' price-fix pasta dinner (classic caesar salad with 3 different pasta choices).  The choices of pasta change from day to day and tonight it was the gnocchi, spaghetti in red sauce and pesto rigatoni.  The server was nice enough to give me salad as well as he did not want me to just sit there while my friend ate his... at no charge... nice touch! The salad came out promptly but our main course did not.  It took a while, at least 15 minutes, before the meal came... which most of the time I would not complaint but, since we did tell the server that we were going to a show, we were concerned about time.  Nicely enough, the waiters would not serve my friend till I got my meal.   Once it arrived, the "Sarme" was delicious!  I ate the whole thing!  However, after living in Europe for so many years, I know what spatzle is... and it was nothing like what I got...  eatable, but not truly spatzle.... darn!  I was looking forward to that part of the dish more than anything!   The never ending pasta was very good too.  The gnocchi was delicious.  I am always weary of ordering gnocchi as it is very easy to overcook it or destroy it...  but this one was cooked to perfection. The pesto pasta was yummy too!  The people next to us ordered the meatballs appetizers (3 huge ones too!) with their price fix and they pour it all over their spaghetti.  That is a great idea and will do the same next time.   The Final Verdict: Restaurant Ambiance/Decor:  5.0 out of 5.0 Staff Service/friendliness :  4.5 out of 5.0 Seating Arrangement/Layout:  3.0 out of 5.0 Seating Comfort:  4.5 out of 5.0 Alcohol/Wine Taste:  5.0 out of 5.0 Alcohol/Wine Price Value:  4.0 out of 5.0 Food Quality/Flavor:  5.0 out of 5.0 Food Price Value:  5.0 out of 5.0 Bathrooms Cleanliness:  4.5 out of 5.0 Overall Price Value:  4.5 out of 5.0 Final Score:  45 out of 50  (90 out of 100% or A- grade) Final Comment:  A great Italian restaurant where reservations are highly recommended to avoid waiting in a very uncomfortable bar setting.  Once seated, the food is fantastic and wine selection superb!  Price-fix menu is a great deal.  Be aware that you will be "cozy" with other people around you.  For the location (Restaurant Row) the place is great and I highly recommend it.
