I've never been to Montclair before but have only heard really great things about the town.  So, when a friend and I were making dinner plans to get together with our significant others to catch up, I chose Montclair as the mutual town to meet in.   As I didn't have a clue as to what restaurants were good or bad in Montclair, I turned to the reviews on Yelp to help me decide.  I chose Cuban Pete's because the reviews were overall pretty good and I also liked that it was a BYOB place.   Since the restaurant does not take reservations, we just decided to meet at 7:30 this past Saturday.  There is no off-street parking and it was difficult to find parking near the restaurant.  There are a few public parking lots that charge between $5 - $10, so in the interest of saving time and not driving around in endless circles looking for a spot, we just parked in one of those. The restaurant is well decorated and looks very nice both on the outside and inside.  I can totally picture having a great time here on a beautiful summer night.  There is outside seating between the two buildings that serve as the inside part of the restaurant.  I love the hanging lights and the palm trees along the pathway into the restaurant's main building.  Very nice touch on the ambiance.   When we got to the restaurant, there were a ton of people waiting for a table.  I mean, I have NEVER seen so many people waiting to get into a place.  We put our name on the list and waited about an hour.  The hostess skipped over our name, even though we were right by the door and checked in several times to see when we'd be seated.  Initially, the hostess was unwilling to do anything about the fact that she skipped over us on the list but the manager (?) stepped in and got us seated once he realized his hostess had made a mistake.   Although it was a bit of a hassle to wait so long, ultimately when we sat down, the service was pretty good.  The servers all seem like they are really working hard to make sure the patrons of their restaurant enjoy their experience.  Our server was nice, but very busy.  Our food came out pretty quickly but the Sangria we had ordered to mix with our wine that we brought came out after we got our food.  Our server apologized and said the Sangria was on the house.  Whether it was he who forgot or there was a delay at the bar, it was nice of him to comp the Sangria for us.  Sangria was pretty good with the red wine we mixed.   For our entrees, my fiance had the Vaca Fritas (crispy shredded beef) and I had the Churrasco El Gaucho (skirt steak).  I really enjoyed my steak and the rice that came with my dish was delicious.  The yuka could've been cooked a little longer but it was still good.  My fiance really enjoyed his dish although I thought it was a bit overcooked.  I can't recall entirely what our friends had but they both said they would definitely come back here to eat.   I think if we're ever in the area again and the wait not super long, we'd come back also.
