Greasy spoon kicked up a notch.  Go to Jimmy's when you want to make sweet, sweet love to something that will undo all of your work at the gym for the last several weeks.  I promise you, it is worth it.   Recommended: *Breakfast bowl.  My favorite includes scrambled eggs, guacamole, and tater tots.  Oh, and a word on those tater tots.  These are not the from-the-freezer-case nuggets that you remember from high school (and/or Napoleon Dynamite).  No no no.  These are more like mashed potato croquettes.   *French toast.  Divine.  They are coated in corn flakes and have a texture that is more doughnut than bread.  The portion is HUGE, so unless you have an appetite like that of my 6'4" sweet-tooth-havin' boyfriend, it's totally shareable. *Bloody Mary.  Perfectly spicy and a nice, light consistency.  I hate thick Bloody Marys.  If I wanted cocktail sauce, I would have asked for it, thank you. *Fried pickles.  They come out very, very fresh, so wait at least 10 minutes or you will burn the shit out of your mouth, and possibly spit out half-eaten pickle so that you don't completely destroy the roof of your mouth.  But they're worth the wait. *The burgers themselves are good--nothing to write home about, but solid.  However, the burger selection is what's really impressive.  There are no less than a dozen different variations in preparation/toppings, and you can get beef, veggie or bison.  I recommend the Williamsbuger, which has a latke on it.  Sounds weird, but it is pure awesomeness.  Trust.  Also, you can get either sweet potato fries, which are yummy, or the aforementioned tater tots as a side.  Might have to pay a buck or two for the tots, but I say it's worth it. *MILKSHAKES.  For the love of god, get a milkshake.  I don't care if you're there at 10am.  Do it.  I've sampled a few, and the caramel malted is my fave, hands down.  However, if they have key lime pie in house, you might consider that.  They literally take a slice of pie and throw it in the milkshake blender with some ice cream.  How could it not be amazing? Oh, Jimmy-- I know you're bad, but it feels so right.
