I started a Yelp account just to review this place. My husband and I visited Olea on Christmas Eve. We'd heard from countless people that we just HAD to go, so we did. It's worth saying here, it is VERY tricky to draw two die-hard Manhattanites out to Brooklyn when there are so many incredible places in the city, but so many of our friends raved so much about this place, we finally succumbed.  We weren't able to go for the infamous brunch, but our late night dinner was a trip through the culinary fantastic. Upon arrival we were thrilled with the space. Warm, mildly eclectic, moderately decorated for the holiday and deliciously inviting. The lighting was dim, but not too dim. The decor reminded me of someone's home - some very tasteful someone who might have traveled the world and brought back treasures to share with his guests. Succinctly, we felt welcomed.   Being Christmas, we were in an adventurous and celebratory mood and asked the server to make our selections. If I am ever sentenced to be executed, I will request my last meal from Olea. Deep fried olives, French-Style Shrimp in white wine, lemon, butter, lemon thyme, White Anchovies with almonds & arugula and Dates wrapped in bacon stuffed with ricotta and almonds began the culinary journey through the Mediterranean. Each  dish was more delectable than the last, and we had only just begun. I should interject here that the server was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, the wine list and the designer drink list. His suggestions for pairings were spot on. Entree's were Mediterranean Branzino and Grilled Ribeye Steak both cooked to perfection and though the FOUR appetizers should have had us so stuffed we couldn't finish these scrumptious dishes, finish them we did. Every last morsel. Then our server, realizing our state, suggested an aperitif which perfectly readied us for the final course. Sinfully decadent Gelato with a shot of espresso poured over.  We were sated and happy and ready for the holiday to follow. It was a wonderful meal and a memorable evening. We will indeed travel back to Brooklyn for the infamous Olea brunch. And that's saying a lot.
