This supposedly used to be a great restaurant. Went there tonight with a party of 13. We made reservations for 7pm. When we entered my wife thought it smelled like ammonia, I thought bad fish.  We were there for at least an hour and a half. There were no other diners, not one! Tuesday night but not one other diner. In fact as our party said our goodnights out front the entire staff left making it clear that they were not expecting additional diners. I'm not sure where to start.  Service? One waitress for 13 people. She took our drink and appetizer orders (BYOB place). Must have been at least a half hour before the appetizers started coming out. And even with one waitress there is no excuse for them coming out 2 at a time about every 5 minutes. Mine was scallops wrapped in bacon with creme fraiche dijon sauce. Bacon undercooked, scallops not bad, with a nice sauce but for some strange reason sitting in a pool of, I guess, bacon fat. Then much later comes the entrees. Same schedule, 2 entrees at a time every 5 minutes. I had ordered the fish and chips because, as their menu says, "that's why you came here". At first glance I noticed the breading seemed dark (overcooked) and glistening with oil. I broke off a piece and the fish ran out on the plate. Almost raw but just looked and smelled off. Greasy too thick breading rancid runny fish. The waitress tried to explain that they no longer use cod (the traditional choice) but you could get it for $3. Never noticed that option on the menu. I tried to eat a small piece and quickly decided that was a bad idea. The waitress tried to placate the more vocal of our group with free custard pie. I saw no purpose in complaining. I don't live nearby, it was a small family reunion with in-laws who used to go there all the time 25 years ago. No chance I would ever go again anyway. They were shocked at what had happened to what they claim was once a great restaurant. I promise that I am not exaggerating. This restaurant is terrible on every level. Service, Food, smell...
