Okay, so this review is going to be a little biased for two reasons. 1) I live a block away from this place, so it's unfairly easy for me to enjoy it's amenities.   2) The owner seems like a cool, right and just guy who deserves to be successful in an industry largely populated by sturdy and cannibalistic corporate high profit institutions. Salomon, the owner, after giving me some history of the place, spent 15 minutes helping me figure out that I typed the password for the wireless internet wrong.  Apparently getting a bachelors degree in technology did not ensure that I would be able to correctly differentiate between capital and lowercase letters.  Shoulda gone for the masters. The atmosphere here is stunning. There is unique lighting, a second floor that overlooks the first floor, and art that adds to the environment, but not in that unauthentic selected-by-computer-to-increase-bottomline starbuck's way.   The coffee is good, and Salomon, is a genuine and open guy.  He explained to me how he quit his job to set this place up.  I respect anyone who quits their job to follow what they want, because that's what I did.  Or would have done had I not been fired first.  Whatever.  My way was faster. Ite, so that's it.  The music of choice seems to be chill jazz, and the place is open till 10 on the weekdays, which is pretty late for a place that just opened 2 weeks ago.  I really hope it does well... Come check it.   Peace Update: After coming here for over a year, this is my favorite coffee shop ever.  No matter where you go you'll eventually get bored of the drink or the food, or the environment, but here, the owners are so friendly and cool, you won't get bored of the company!  Furthermore, friendly people attract other friendly people, so you'll find lots of people who don't mind chatting here.   5 stars Yet another update: Just discovered something new: Ask for a Muffin, sliced and toasted.  This is the best thing ever.  Muffins will never be the same.  Try it Update again: How many years has it been?  This place is still awesome. I just want to add that the Chicken Curry plate and the Beef Curry plate are my favorite dishes here. Delicious, spicy (but not too spicy), filling.  That is all.
