I've lived/worked/gone to school in and around Princeton since 1993 and am here on yelp to help dispell the myth that there's nowhere to eat or drink in this part of the world.  Quite the contrary.  Obviously one person's opinion is no more worthwhile than anyone else's, but I feel that I'm pretty objective and appropriately critical. Dinner at one53 starts with bread and a white bean and garlic puree in lieu of butter.  It's a nice touch and will absolutely fill you up.  Tread lightly. The wine list for a neighborhood bistro is larger and pricier than expected.  There are always about a dozen wines by the glass and piccolo carafe (about 1.75 glasses worth).  Cocktails are substantial and appropriately expensive.  A gin on the rocks is the equivalent of a bit more than a double at most bars.  Beer snobs take note: you can get Chimay in the bottle here. Had a salad of pancetta, bleu cheese and pears the last time I was there which was great.  In fact me and my wife had made meals of their apps and sides on more than one occasion.  Their pastas (handmade at Lucy's) are excellent and their burger is substantial and honestly a bit too much.  I mean that in a good way.  I had the lamb shank special there last week and it was appropriately falling off the bone tender.  My wife had the scallops (didn't notice what else as I was attempting to get through the shank).  She liked them. The most common criticism of the food is that it's bland/underseasoned.  I can see that, though I don't necessarily agree.  In my experience the food has been cooked to order.  Better not quite salty enough than too salty.   I'm ashamed to admit that I haven't made it too dessert the last couple times we've eaten there, though you do get ginger chocolate cookies with your bill that are quite good. Service has wavered between average and very very good. I agree with the folks who've said you don't quite feel like you get what you pay for here.  For example: shared app, 2 entrees, no dessert, 1 cocktail, 1 glass of wine ended up just north of $120 with tip.  For us that's less a neighborhood quick dinner and more of a special occasion spot.
