Happy that there is a place in my neighborhood to indulge my crepe cravings!!! After walking up to the restaurant it took about 20 minutes for the two waitresses to acknowledge us at the door even though noone else was there but that did not spoil the meal. Went here with a group of six for their savory crepe brunch special for $8. Everyone at my table was happily satisfied with their choices. I ordered the curry crepe. It was delicious.  I love the buckwheat mixture used in the crepe batter and the creamy naughtiness oozing out of the middle. I am not sure what exactly was in it but I wish I was eating it right now!!!! The greens on the side were a nice compliment to the heaviness of the crepe but very simple and not really that spectacular.   Also I was a little disappointed after I ordered a milkshake and was told that the machine broke after my friend received hers. I know it is not really the restaurant's fault but I was so looking forward to my pear (favorite fruit to snack on!!!) and chocolate shake!!! So I mooched my friend's chocolate shake and discovered big chunks of ice. I guess I lucked out because the shake was not blended so well. Our waitress was sweet and french and a little bit awkward at the same time that it was a very charming fit for this petit cafe. The decor inside is tremendously cheesy and looks as if they tried a little to hard to remind you that you are eating in a quaint French creperie but I suppose the important thing is that there is sufficient amounts of cheese in the savory crepes. I am excited to go back and try more. ----- On a related note to another review on this page. I did see the other waitress interrogate a girl that used the bathroom and she only eased up once she realized the girl was waiting for a table outside with friends. Not sure what their deal is with their bathroom protectiveness but they need to just mellow out and realize it is nice, courteous, and friendly to let people use la toilette even if they are not eating there at the exact moment. Ahhh C'est la vie.
