Yep. I was a tourist in Philly so I went to Geno's. Its kind of like going to Memphis and taking a swing by Graceland. You may not like all the songs, but its something you HAVE to do. I got lucky on a Tuesday at lunch. There was no real line and it was a beautiful day to sit outside. I ordered the cheese steak with provolone and onions. The staff must have been bored because they were cheery and playful with me. Order sandwiches at the first window. I ordered french fries and a drink too. Order that other stuff at the other window. Oh, I said. He gave me that look like I was such a rookie. True, sir! True! So I go to the other window and the guy sees that I have a convention tag hanging from my neck and he says that the convention tour passed by yesterday and went to the wrong place. They went to Pat's across the street, which is where Philly cheese steaks began - but they are Geno's arch nemesis. I told him, yeah, we saved the best for last. He liked that. So about the food? they asked. Well, the bun was warm and the outside was crisp and the inside was soft. So far so good. The meat was sliced and slightly spiced, very tender. The sweet onions and the provolone were a nice compliment. I was surprised the sandwiches didn't have a lot more meat. I've been other places where the beef is falling out of the bun and the cheese is slathered all over it, great big globs of gooey, yummy grease. This was not that. But it was still tasty. I just expected more and messier. All in all, I'm glad I went. Yeah there was some of that "freedom fry" signage on the walls that I think is silly, but they also support the police, military and fire fighters. So that was cool to see all the ribbons and medals on the walls. They have some great photo's of celebrities eating there. Some of the pics are older than others though. I saw Jay Leno back when he actually had one chin instead of his current three. So check out Geno's or walk across the street to Pat's if you want a solid Philly cheese steak.
