For many years, your pal Johnny sung the praises of Puerto Viejo in much the same way that virgins screamed on prom night, which is to say loud and orgasmic and sometimes with a bit of blood in a good way and often with a mild whiff of alcohol exuding from the back of the throat. Back in those days, your pal Johnny went down on the place without being asked.  He wrote songs and poems and would often dress in a sombrero on the right occasion.  That's how loyal your pal Johnny was to what used to be an irreplaceable establishment. Your pal Johnny took his friends there, his loved ones there, the grim men he donated blood to, random women he met in bars, any old damn person who needed to be fed hearty and fast. And while the joint took cash only, you always got an egalitarian sense when you walked through the doors, often on a night so cold that your balls froze off and found their way the next morning into that dependable ground chuck you can buy from Associated (but it was worth it every time! the lower anatomy grows back when it is assailed, as we all know!).  Anyway, there was the sense that this happening Dominican palace was a pit stop on the frontier -- a warm and inescapable place not unlike that desert resort that Jason Robards set up in THE BALLAD OF CABLE HOGUE (a fine Sam Peckinpah film that has quite a lot of Stella Stevens nekkid, if you catch my drift).  You understood that \no matter what happened, Puerto Viejo would provide or place your small little problems into context.  There was that thin isthmus in the center, the weird schooldesk turned into a table near the window.  Decor so eccentric that you had to respect it.  And the soncocho was tasty and the happy hour specials ($1 empanadas and $5 glasses of sangria) were even better.   If this northern stretch of Prospect Heights or Clinton Hill or whatever the son of a bitch it was went to hell, Puerto Viejo would remain airtight against the stench of gentrification, its mighty neon sign shining on the haziest night.  Because Brooklyn was NOT San Francisco.  It still had a modicum of character.  The waitstaff were \nonpareil.  The service was incredible. Cash only?  A small price to pay for renegade competence. Until a recent visit that broke my heart, your pal Johnny would have recommended Puerto Viejo as the best damn Dominican place in its area.  But then the white people came.  And when the white people came, the time had come to nickel and dime the good people who came through the door (people such as myself) and tipped generously.  The time had come to squeeze profit from this illusory creative class, to stop the jocund talk and the saucy banter.  Months ago, I walked into Puerto Viejo and wondered why they were playing vulgar house music.  Did they think this was some kind of vapid mainstream club?  Or were they selling out?  I should have seen the writing on the wall.  But then your pal Johnny is a bit of a sap who still believes in people. They started charging for the gratis rice that came with the soncocho for the first time in years.  And it wasn't a modest price.  It was highway robbery.  Not even yellow rice, but white rice that you could have picked up at any supermarket. Now if you go to El Gran Castillo de Jagua, not far away, they don't charge you for the rice that comes with the rotisserie chicken.  They give you rice and beans and plenty of bread.  Because it's still the old way there.  Hell, if you go to any respectable joint in the area, it is understood that the rice is free, that it flows like water through the pipes and high-pitched pleasure from a nymphomaniac at a sex party.  It just doesn't stop! This covenant is understood.  It is the Brooklyn way.   But Puerto Viejo betrayed me.  And it betrayed the neighborhood.  Because the only people who charge for rice with a reliable dish are venal vultures who want to kill the goddam community, who want to squeeze whatever slim teat remains.   The place went trendy and lost its soul and broke my heart.  And so your pal Johnny hangs his head, remembering a restaurant when, and pushed further east for the true Brooklyn wonders like the Trail of Tears in reverse.   This has been an elegy.
