writing about my trip to Scotland got me thinking about the best whisky bars I have been to.  Village Whiskey is definately one of the top 3. I was walking around on a drizzling night in Philly all by myself, a little bored with the Rittenhouse Square area - too clean, streets of posh stores that were closed for the night. when off to my right I heard sounds of nightlife.  heading up 19th I got to Sansom - now this was more like it.  O'Shea's, Tinto, and then I saw it.  Village Whiskey - a name like that was calling to me. Squeezing past the couple trying to get a table, I moved through the door, only to be stopped.  "Just looking to grab a seat at the bar and have a drink" I said, only to be told there are no seats available at the bar.  "That's ok, I'll stand."  "Sorry sir, no standing at the bar.  But there is a standing area towards the back."  Interesting, I had never been to a bar where you can't stand at the bar. Entering, I realized why.  No room.  There was barely enough room between the seats at the bar and the tables for the servers to get through, so anyone standing there would have blocked table service. I headed to the back where the "standing area" was and grabbed a space at one of the counters. Looking over the menu I was duly impressed.  the bourbon selection made my mouth water.  The couple standing next to me started telling me about the place - run by Jose Garces, etc.  I decided I needed to eat too.  They mentioned a waiting list to sit at the bar - and there were 8 people on the list already. I took a different tack - i don't like being at the bottom of the list.  I went to the bar and got the bartenders attention.  When he came over I complimented him on the whiskey selection.  after a little banter I ordered the Pappy Van Winkle 20 year and then added "and I'll take 6 Fanny Bay oysters and a Four Roses Manhattan when you get me a seat at the bar." "Small Batch or Single Barrel in the Manhattan?" "Single Barrel please."  He smiled and said, "Certainly, sir". 10 minutes later, about 1/2 way through my Pappy, I was seated at the bar - ahead of the couple I was next to who were seated a few minutes later, next to me. the Manhattan was perfect and the oysters tasty.  I followed it with the Red and Golden Beets and another Manhattan that the bartender made special for me.  And I tried a few duck fat french fries thanks to the couple next to me. In the end I dropped about $100 ($52 on drinks, $29 on food, $18 tip). - it was a pricey night.  but everything was great about the place. Now I can't speak for the table service and the quality of the other food, but it looked great and the servers were hustling all night long. So I will definitely be going back and trying the Village Burger - with a Manhattan to drink.
