I've eaten here a couple of times. The first time was a few months ago. Whenever I go to a new place that is supposed to be great, I always make an effort to try the stuff on the menu that seems most outside my comfort zone. I don't remember everything that I had that night, but I believe one dish was meat from a pig's face and it was great. In fact, everything I tried was wonderful. My wife played it a little more safe and ended up with a pasta dish that she found just so-so. Still, aside from that one dish (which is no longer on the menu), everything else (service, atmosphere, etc.) was good enough to merit return trips. On the next trip I tried one of their pizzas and that was the end of my experimentation with their menu. It was pizza from then on! I love the thin, bubbly/char-y crusted pizzas like they make in Italy. Americanized pizzas (NY, Philly, Chicago style) are all great, of course, but they are almost an entirely different food. I like hot dogs. I like hamburgers. But they are different things. Same with American pizza and Italian pizza. Both good, just not the same. The thin and delicate brick-oven Italian style gives me the singular focus of a brains-hungry zombie. And like a zombie I will stop at almost nothing once I have Italian style pizza in my sight. Sketchy neighborhood? No big deal. No real parking? I'll circle for blocks. Long wait for a seat? I'll wait. I'll wait all night. BRAINS! I mean PIZZA! I like the one with the sausage and the egg and my wife and I usually get an appetizer or two to share while we wait. The apps are always mouth watering preludes for the real treat. She usually gets a pasta and (aside from that first time) they are usually delicious...I think. Honestly I hardly taste much on the bites she generously shares with me because like I said - I tend to FOCUS! on the PIZZA! I think she also might try to have conversations with me sometimes when I'm eating, but I can't be sure of that. To be safe, I grunt or nod approvingly every now and then as I try to look sophisticated enough to fit into the nice setting while voraciously shoving pizza into my face. For my tastes, this place is second only to Pizza Bianco in Phoenix, AZ (my first love, how I miss thee!) for pizza places on this side of the Atlantic. Please be sure never to go there so I can more easily get seats at the bar when I get a craving.
