Don't be some snooty ballonhead.  This place is in the heart of hipster paradise.  It's like, filled to the brim with dudes who didn't get the memo that Japanese art tattoos are amateur hour and EVERYONE has a japanese fish gardens or samurai babes tattooed all over their arms, or an arm full of random waves like they're some type of fisherman, but they're some OG Mayflower type who never set foot on Japanese soil. The place attracts dickweeds definitely, but everything in that area does. Down to the legit part of the review.  I'm on a tour of the USA for comedy and subsequently I decided to find the ILLEST burger in the USA at the same time. I've had them all dawg.  I had to eat the 5 Leaves Burger because it was lauded as a gem.  I got there and ordered it medium rare, because I'm not some clown ass bitch who can't handle the potential ecoli or ebola or whatever.  I eat them soaking wet with blood.  Whatever dudes, I'm a fucking rider though. The burger was SO LEGIT.  If you've pounded the CREAMTASTIC burger at Roebling Tea room and scoped the waitresses being like "yo I want to make out with her in an otherwise empty apartment, while we sit on upside down cardboard boxes and eat Chinese food out of the container and listen to Sinead O'Connor's Nothing Compares" you think you've seen it all.. but you haven't. The burger here is so deluxe. It comes out running with juices. If you're some dickhole who just caught on to the beard craze, you'll get the juice in your poser beard and get bummed out. If you're a seasoned veteran of rocking a beard, you'll know to wipe the blood and juice from your beard every few minutes. The burger here is genius.  The employees can be either nice, or haters.  It all depends on how fast they want you out of there.  I ordered all sorts of shit but they still wanted me out.  Probably because they caught me saying "Do you want to watch me make this burger disappear?" Then I pretended to smash my friends face into it, and pretended it disappeared like that pencil did into that dude's eye in the Batman movie. Straight up, go here and pound some raw bar, get a bottle of bubbly, pound the burger and act like you don't give a f_ck that you just spent that much dough.
