Hummmm what can I say about my 1st experience about the Infamous Geno's & Pat's (unfortunately you can't speak about one without speaking about the other [it not my fault yall set up that way] so please note that my comments will be the exact same on Geno's yelp page) Well my wife and arrive in Philly about 11ish and this was our first stop.....1st time in Philly why not stop at the Infamous "Tourist Trap - Pat & Geno's (I'm starting to think they should squash the rivalry and just combine the two...it's not like they both are any better then the other).....Ok I'm getting ahead of myself. So we find parking (and yes we had to search near and far to park) after finding a parking spot over and around the Mulberry bush we then walked several blocks till we found ourselves in the crossfire of the two PAT'S & GENO'S..... My wife and I came up with a game -plan she would get a Cheese Steaks from Pat's and I would get one from Geno's and we would see who's the best. After standing in line for about 20 min a piece we met back up in the middle of the street (because I overheard some folks saying that the two places do not allow each others food and products over in their respective areas) A bunch a nonsense if you ask me...... So in the middle of the street on top of a mail box we have the two Cheese Steaks sitting there side by side....I take half of the Geno's and my wife takes half of Pat's so we bite into each half expecting and thinking that we are about to taste heaven itself...........WOMP WOMP WOMP!!!!!!!!!!!!! A total disappointment..... In my mind I was thinking..."if this is the best that Philly has to offer then Philly may want to rethink what food they want to add there name too." Pat's & Geno's both: - Had VERY bland Cheese Steaks (hardly NO flavor to either one) - Not enough Steak - Very rude (as if I the customer owe them something in addition to my 8 dollars) I have never met a group of individuals that have a well-known establishment treat and look at there customers as if they are mad that we choose to stop here. Bottom line....coming to Pat & Geno's was worth the trip here ONLY to say that I have been there but the food is not worth bragging about or even coming back too if I am in desperate need or craving for a true Philly Cheese Steak. Too conclude or trip in Philly 8 hours later....I called a buddy of mine who is a Native Philly Residents and he informed me about a spot in North Philly called "Paganos".....we stop here on our way leaving Philly and if you want to know the rest about this GOD SENT PLACE....then you have to read about its page. yelp.com/biz/paganos-ste…
