I liked the food, especially the crispy chinese watercress salad, green curry w/ duck was really good, and I loved the eggplant w/ ground pork. However service is SLOW. And when you're with a group of impatient people, it can often ruin the dining experience. The food took a while to come, which was okay because I've been here before and I was prepared for it. But when we were finished, we had asked 3 different waiters for the dessert menu and to pack our food to go, but none of them attended to us until I complained to a 4th waiter 20 minutes later. I finally got the dessert menu, ordered dessert (mung bean soup w/ coconut cream -- wouldn't recommend it) and it took a while to come as well. At this point, we just wanted to get the check and leave. It literally took half an hour to get the check, having asked two different waiters, and then walking up to the cash register ourselves. They proceeded to tell us to wait, and of course, we waited.... It's understandable if you're short on staff, or that you're really busy and you tend to forget things sometimes. We're all human, its understandable. But what I feel is that if you're going to have slow service, at least be a little more apologetic. They seemed more annoyed at us than we should have been annoyed at them. And on top of that, my friend was displeased with the fact that we wanted to order the sour and spicy sea trout but the waitress looked at us and said we wouldn't like it. Okay, I appreciate honest advice. If she doesn't recommend it, then we'll choose something else. We then wanted to choose the sour and spicy shrimp. She again said we wouldn't like that, and proceeded to show us 6 other dishes that she can tell we wouldn't like. At that point I was wondering, is she just judging us? Given that we're a group of early 20s, you think we won't like/can't handle the dish? We insisted that we'll give it a try, because my friend likes trying these type of foods, but the waitress just kept denying us of our order and instead ordered the crispy pork belly for us, which by the way, we ended up not liking and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone either. The texture was just way too fried/crispy, making it really hard to chew. And the taste wasn't really anything special. So my three stars are for the really good green curry and the eggplant w/ ground pork dish. Highly recommended! But be prepared for the service.
