Food was delicious...but maybe it's that I couldn't really appreciate the various cuts and selections of meat, but I don't understand all the hype. We had a reservation for 6PM on a Sunday night during Philly's "Restaurant Week". It was really crowded but we were promptly seated thanks to our reservation. The interior of the restaurant was very grand and spacious, and the abundant salad bar was placed strategically in the middle of the restaurant so that you can gaze longingly at it as you are being led to your seat. Our server was very friendly and gave us a rundown on all there was to know about dining at Fogo and even suggested wine pairings for us. My friends ordered both white and red sangrias and liked both. The salad bar was amazing and we felt that it could be a complete meal in itself. When time came for us to begin the meat fest, we were so excited we said yes to four consecutive offers of meat and soon had a small pile of various meat selections on our plates. It was definitely delicious...out of the ordinary, though? Not really. I will say, however, that our whole table of 5 could not stop raving over their complementary bread (heavenly puffs of indescribable goodness) and the fried bananas that came as complementary sides (perfect amount of sweetness and perfect level of softness). The concept of the restaurant was novel to me and I enjoyed that. It was noisy and busy in the restaurant, however, and although it didn't bother me, it was definitely difficult to talk to each other across the table. (But how can you expect it to be quiet when there are dozens of servers bustling from table to table offering an assortment of meats on skewers?) The food was good and we all ate until we were painfully full (my friends thought I was crazy for being able to eat a mint after dinner...they were so full they couldn't stand the thought of eating even an after dinner mint...) All in all, I really enjoyed the food but for the price I would pay for the quality of the food, I probably would not go back unless I wanted to bring someone who was visiting Philly to enjoy a novel experience.
