My friend told me this probably the best restaurant in the UWS. He was beyond right. This is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Manhattan! Firstly, the atmosphere is so nice. It's like a country Greek, but also gives you the feeling of being near the ocean. The restaurant is huge, so much seating availability and an incredible downstairs where you don't feel like you're in a basement cellar. Bright and beautiful, lovely decor. It has a fantastic and extensive menu. I wanted to do a tapas style because I noticed there were many things under the appetizers list that  I couldn't choose between. Everything was just wonderful. I highly recommend the warm fingerling potato with string beans, feta, and olives. If you've had Greek lemon potatoes, you'll love this 10x more. We also got the selection of spreads. It comes with a tzatziki, taramosalata, melintzanosalata, revithia. Don't ask me what each of them are, but please trust me; they're ALL incredible. One is a babaganoush type, smokey flavored eggplant, the other was a hummus type, but they're all different then what you're accustomed to, and it's so good. Pita was warm, soft, and super fresh. Other app items we ordered included the Kefi Salad, really fresh and colorful - lettuce tomatoes, feta, cucumbers, olive, peppers, and onions, and the Meatballs app in a tomato sauce with roasted garlic and olives. Although the sauce was tasty in this dish, the meatballs weren't seasoned as much as I'd enjoy. The meat itself is a little bland, but this is a nice low-carb option. We had the grilled octopus as well. I cannot compliment this dish enough. The octopus was cooked perfectly, not chewy. It's one huge tentacle on a bed of chickpea salad. BEST I've had, no joke. My friend had the lamb shank entree which he really liked. I had a bite of it, it was delicious! It comes alongside a heap of creamed style orzo and spinach. They have a substantial list of Greek wine. Can you believe out of all the items I mentioned in one sitting, three people finished every single bit of every single plate. Okay, I lied maybe there were three crumbles of feta left. What are some of the other pluses?! Lots of Greek wine to choose from and all of this is INCREDIBLY affordable. For the UWS, hell for Manhattan, I'm not sure if it gets better than this. I'd have expected much pricier items for the quality of food my taste buds got to experience! Service was great, too!
