Sometimes it kills me that yelp doesn't offer half star reviews because I really want to give this restaurant a 3.5.   So I came here for my friends 25th birthday celebration.  There had to 10 plus of us. (maybe more)  They seated us once we got here and they didn't even mind that the birthday girl had arrived 15 minutes late, which was a total plus for me.   So let's get straight down to the food.  Their food here is excellent.  If it was just about that, then I would give it 5 stars.  I ordered the Roasted chicken which was absolutely divine.  I never eat dark meat on chicken and I devoured every morsel that was on my plate.  The collard greens and mashed potatoes were not over packed with garlic.   It was just perfection, including the sauce that complimented the greens/chicken/mashed potatoes.  I wanted to storm the kitchen and congratulate the chief because it was that good.  My friend who was sitting next to me got the Arctic Char which was fantastic too but I'm very sensitive to which fishes I am particular to and this wasn't my cup of tea but still it was excellent.  Her husband who sat across from me got a very handsome looking burger (I do not eat red meat but the fries were a perfect ratio between crispy and salty.) On a side note the birthday girl had ordered the their butternut/vanilla squash puree, which was absolutely, hands down, the best thing ever.  Try it!!! The only negative to this place had to be our waitress.  She was very helpful on her suggestions but she was very pushy with us a whole group.  She made her initial suggestions but as the meal went on she kept pressing us to order more alcohol or a huge plate of cookies for dessert (The cookies here are 8 dollars a pop.)  I love suggestions from my waiters/waitresses but there comes a point where you are either attentive to your guests or your over bearing them to make the bill larger.  It's a fine line but here is my bottom line.  This restaurant is excellent and I can't blame our waitress for wanting a bigger bill because she's guaranteed an 18% tip but let us enjoy the birthday girl's dinner.
