Bistango, Is gluten-free right for me? Nah prolly not...but regardless, Bistango is a decent restaurant. I came with a large group of friends, but this would be a great place to bring a date since you can show him/her how health conscious and highfalutin you are compared to them - instant sex appeal. They also have great drinks, which is pretty interesting since they are a gluten-free pasta restaurant. The Celiac Disease Foundation is currently conflicted regarding the gluten status of alcohol, so I guess Bistango is putting their money on research eventually saying otherwise. Very bold or very careless? Here's what we ordered: Pear Cider: Like an angry orchard but with pear. I think I like this better than apple ciders; the flavors were a bit more light and the pear worked really well with the carbonation. I enjoyed the lightness as opposed to the sometimes overly sweet apple ciders. I guessed you'd call these Annoyed Orchards? Complimentary Gluten Free Bread: I feel like I always have to give a restaurant props for giving you good bread. I know people say that it's the restaurant trying to fill you up on bread and it's a cheap trick but I still eat it. It's like when Charlie Brown knows that Lucy is going to pull the football away every time he goes to kick it, but godamnit he goes for it everytime. I know I'll regret eating so much bread but life is short. EAT THE BREAD. Eggplant Artichoke Pizza: Skip. Artichoke tasted like it was from a can and the eggplant was as bland as a Toyota Camry. The crust tasted like the sands of Egypt. Dry and unforgiving. Tortellini: Since I knew most of my friends were getting the Rigatoni and Cavatelli, I took a slightly contrarian route and went with the tortellini. Plus, I love sweet potatoes - they're nature's candy; screw beets. The tortellini pasta was great, but I wish there was a better proportion of pasta to sweet potato, I felt like I was eating a giant bowl of sweet potato mash. The cream was a bit on the sweet side, probably due to the sweet potato and I really wished I had some sriracha to balance out the creamy/sweet sauce. Moral of the Story: just order what yelp tells you to order, new is bad. Cavateli: Dirty. Just dirty. In the best possible way. Hot cherry peppers, garlic, olive oil, sausage, and spinach were the perfect backup singers to the Beyonce of pastas - cavatelli. I tried many forkfuls of my friends pasta. Seeing them enjoy this dished while I worked through my sweet potato puree reminded me of one of my favorite quotes, "Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, it might have been". Rigatoni: Hearty. If American lumberjacks eat sausages, waffles, and eggs, this is probably what Italian lumberjacks eat. The short rib ragu was awesome and for anyone who grew up on chef boyardee/hamburger helper varieties of fake pastas, rigatoni has a special place in your heart. Get this if you're hungry like the wolf a la Duran Duran. Apple Tart with Ice Cream: All that pasta and bread had us pretty full so the 7 of us decided to split one dessert dish. We had heard the red velvet cake was good, but they were out so we had to settle, just like how Hilary had to settle for secretary of state. She's gonna run again in 2016, and we're gonna try and order the red velvet again next time. Never settle, always get what you're worth. Pretty good dessert for something that claimed to be gluten free. The tart was moist and flaky and the ice cream was on point. Nothing to write home about, but certainly good enough to write on yelp. Honestly, I was pleasantly surprised that gluten free pasta tasted just like normal pasta. If 20 years from now we all find out that gluten free was just a scam and they were just selling normal pasta, kudos to places like Bistango that cashed in on the hype. Anyone wanna open up a gluten free restaurant?
