For some reason my first impulse is to want to hate on Ippudo because it's such a tourist spot.  Superficially it's almost laughable that people would wait 2-3 hours for a bowl of ramen when there are delicious ramen places all around the city.  $9 pork buns?!  I've lived here for too long to fall for that... And then I come here and eat and realize that I am a stupid jackass.  Ippudo is that good.  Man it's so good. Ippudo is great for a lot of reasons other than food: it's impeccably clean, the seats are comfortable, the busboys and waiters are refilling my water glass right after I set it on the table... I mean, as far as the level of attentiveness/service goes this is not your typical ramen joint. But screw the service.  THE FOOD.  THE FOOD IS SO DAMN GOOD. This might be ramen heresy but I tend to lump all the higher-end ramen joints in the same bubble. Ippudo, Totto, Minca, Jin*; they're all great but it's hard for me to differentiate minute nuances in broth.  I just know whenever I go to them I leave satisfied and sleepy. For all intents and purposes those bowls of ramen are created equal. You'd be hard pressed to find a mediocre bowl of ramen among them.. The differentiator for Ippudo is in its not-just-ramen offerings.  The much heralded pork buns (which I'm convinced are the best per-bite item in NYC) are such a satisfying bite of soft (bun), crunch (lettuce), creaminess (mayo) and savory (pork belly) flavors/textures.  Brussels sprouts roasted in a mixture of soy sauce, peanuts, and shrimp seasoning. Fried chicken wings in black pepper sauce.  All spectacular and characteristic of a much more expensive restaurant. Ippudo is a place that encourages trying things that sound bewildering on a menu, just because you have confidence in the chefs to pull off something awesome.  Case in point was our choice of dessert: sweet tofu custard made with almond milk (?!) topped with blood orange sorbet.  By that point I shouldn't have been surprised, but it was, again, amazing. Just to round things out. my favorite bowl of ramen here is the Akamaru Modern.  But don't hesitate to mix it up with appetizers. * The exception to this is Momofuku noodle bar.  The ramen at noodle bar is like running your tongue through a bucket of salt.  I respect David Chang and loved ssam bar, but the ramen at noodle bar is seriously whack.
