Decided to come here to introduce some friends to Filipino food. Growing up only with filipino friends in Cali - there is a lot of live up to when it comes to food. I'm used to the home cooking at friends' parties from all the aunties and uncles!  The place is small with a  urban flare to it like a cantina or a roadside shack in the island cities. There's early 90s music playing definitely taking it back! Totally think about them 90 family parties where giant family gatherings in the neighborhood streets....Tables were decorated with street art or urban collages. It's a nice catch up with small group of friends or even a date. We were a large group so we got to sample just about half the menu. This place is close to Filipino authenticity in that regard-serving balut, longanisa, garlic fried rice, sisig and halo halo! The fact these existed here made it stand out. However, Halo halo for $10 is a bit steep when you think about what is actually in this dessert that can be all pulled from cans - but hey when are you going to buy all the individual ingredients, shave ice and put it all together right? The only thing that I had to knock off from a full 5 stars is that the menu selection was a bit small. Most of the dishes were some type of fusion Filipino food. Sadly, they did not have chicken adobo! Maybe consider adding it? The bone marrow - definitely an experience as I was not accustomed to eating it but luckily we had got to taste it. Soft, googey but flavorful. *I'd definitely get the spare ribs - great portions to share for 2-3. Well seasoned, tender and crispy. *The lumpia were golden brown, crispy,  flaky and well seasoned - but a bit more on the salty side so just be careful and have your beverage nearby. The dipping sauce was tangy with a kick. *Dampra Fry - whole fried fish - to me while it was excuted very well, it didn't quite stand out much other than fried fish. I feel that if you had slathered sweet and sour sauce or drench with garlic soy sauce, it'd be a typical chinese fried fish dish. It did come on a platter with roasted peppers and cucumber salad that made the fish refreshing. *Bicol Express - slab of pork shoulder with a bite. It's slathered with a thickened  sweet soy sauce base but the meat was plan fried perfectly. The edges were crispy but the meat was tender and easy to cut through. The peppered flavor gave it a bite after you noticed the crispy texture - wonderful experience. Our group defiitely loved the soup that came in a coconut - forgot what it was called now. It was chicken soup base and you add some rice to it...taste just like homemade chicken soup. Once done you scrape the inside of the coconut for the meat which is now softened and had cooked in the chicken soup...DELISH. I'd crave it on these winter days!! The owner was around making sure patrons were happy and well fed. She was truly nice and you can tell she takes pride in her restaurant. Always smiling! Not many owners, let alone cooks are out with patrons in NYC...automatic stand out.  LOVE IT - just some good ol' TLC. While we were there, the waitresses had the accents for the foods full on and knew the description of the dishes-making the experience even more awesome to better direct our needs and explain the exotic foods to our friends who were trying this for the first time. :) Great dinner experience.
