The food : stellar. The service: wait staff was good; the bartender, ( who I heard named Keith) was impersonal and rude enough to make sure I avoid his shifts for the next time I come back.  He took some time in taking our orders, didn't smile once, barely looked at us when we were talking to him, was slamming all the bottles and drink mixing gear right in front of us, didn't ask how our drink was, and was just overall unpleasant.   When I crave red meat and want a burger, I immediately think of Royal Tavern, but the burger here might even top Royal's. We ordered it medium rare; it was cooked perfectly. We had it topped with cheddar and bacon, but it also came with lettuce and tomato. No mayo or anything either, it didn't need it. The bun was a seeded brioche that was buttery and soft, toasted just right but still tender enough to make it an easy juicy bite.  It held up to the meat's juice, didn't get all soggy and make the whole thing fall apart.  We ended up taking off the out of season  tomato, and then this burger was perfect.  I should also say that this is the second time I've had a burger there, the last time was in July, and this burger beats all I've had in philadelphia, twice. Duck fat french fries: awesome. Super crispy yet tender and hot on the inside and kinda thick cut, skin on, and perfectly salted and seasoned.  Great flavor too. Pickled carrots and cauliflower:  superb!  Really great tangy vinegar flavor with just enough sweetness, almost citrusy and had a hint of fennel I think. The cauliflower was a perfect texture, almost like it was par cooked, just a bit soft.  The carrots were cut in thick ribbons, which made them really fun to eat and added to the great texture of a perfect pickle.  And it's served with fresh ricotta, totally delicious and creamy, black olive tapenade, good enough to call it kalamata olive tapenade, and crostinis. Drinks: De Riguer was awesome, better than the one at Kennett. Served up and had a perfect blend of bourbon, grapefruit, bitters, honey and mint. Will be back, and hopefully I'll be sitting outside in the sun, without any surly staff.
