I started out prepared to give this place 4 stars and a return visit convinced me to push the rating up. Ivy is more a bar than a restaurant, but they have a full menu and the food is quite good. At some point during the evening the music is turned up and it's loud (but not obnoxious). The music is dance club-y but Ivy is not a dance club. Service is way above typical NYC apathetic standards, everything is clean, the bathrooms are more than adequate, and its not shoulder-to-shoulder even on the busiest nights. Keep in mind that Ivy is a new restaurant so the fact that things are running well is a big accomplishment.  And being new everything inside is new and clean.  The bathrooms are downstairs (like every other place in NY) and are nice (unlike a lot of places in NY). We have been back 3 times (it's very close to our apartment)  and apparently twice was enough to be labeled as "regulars" and treated like royalty by the staff.  Wow.  Did not expect that.  I brought some friends in and they immediately made some space in the back on the comfy couch/booth and the manager bought us a free round of drinks. Speaking of drinks, they are almost all fabulous.  The happy hour menu isn't extensive but has the basics covered.  The white pomegranate Cosmo is the standout.  Trust me, you will like this one!  It's fairly strong but doesn't taste that way so think of it as the iron fist in the velvet glove.  The only "miss" was a drink made of whiskey, apple spice, and cinnamon that was supposed to be like a punched up apple-cider.  Skip it - the flavors really don't work together.  Two of us ordered this drink and didn't like it at all.  Our waitress promptly swapped it with something different and didn't charge us even though I expected to have to pay. Food is good.  The appetizers are probably better than the entrees.  The shrimp slider appetizer is really an entree, for example, with 3 sliders and a huge plate of fries. One of our friends tried a chicken entree and he said it was good but not great. Prices are typical of a more upscale bar, so catch happy hour if you want to save some money.   The bottom line for me is that Ivy is a great place to come with friends to have drinks (and food if you are hungry).  And if you come more than twice, you will probably be treated like royalty.
