I find it rather unfortunate that not many people are familiar with Filipino cuisine, because it is pretty darn tasty - very flavorful, very strong, not for those who prefer their food bland.  But there are not too many decent places in Manhattan where one could try it out, unfortunately (yes, I know there are plenty in Queens, but that's far...), especially now that Elvie's in the East Village has closed. Being a Filipino-American who grew up eating homemade Filipino food almost daily, I am very familiar with the preparation processes and cooking methods: it is hard to cook individual Filipino dishes when they are meant to be cooked in mass quantities and served family-style.  Elvie's was as close to authentic as you could get (for places in Manhattan), but the cafeteria-style setup, not to mention questionable cleanliness, understandably warranted some hesitation from those unfamiliar with the cuisine. That being said, I strongly recommend going to Grill 21 if you want to try out Filipino food but do not want to venture into Queens.  They do a great job in portioning out the dishes for individual servings, and they present them nicely (hard to do with Filipino dishes).  But as a result of this portioning, there's not as much rice as I'd like (then again, the ratio of rice to food is really a personal preference).  The space is small so there may be a wait during busy hours, but the service is always very friendly and ready to explain the dishes in detail, not to mention provide recommendations.   The dishes I've had here: -Chicken Adobo:  Highly recommend it.  They make it well here (also the national dish of the Philippines). -Lumpiang Shanghai:  Maybe I'm just used to the way my family makes it, but I didn't like how soggy it was from being drenched in sauce.  Otherwise, it was quite tasty. -Longanisa and Tocino (Longsilog and Tapsilog on the Brunch menu):  DELICIOUS.  On the greasy side, but it's supposed to be that way. -Chicken Tinola:  Made just the way I remember it.  Mix it up with your rice (most Filipino dishes are made to be consumed this way). -Kare-Kare:  The peanut sauce was a bit on the watery side (should be thicker), but not bad. -Pancit Bihon:  Not as flavorful as I wanted it to be, but I'm a bit biased towards the way my father makes it. -Garlic Fried Rice:  I like it, but not for those who dislike garlic.  My boyfriend likened it to eating a pure garlic clove (recommended for garlic lovers!). -Halo-Halo:  Translates to "mix mix."  A dessert of shaved ice mixed with condensed milk, purple yam jam, coconut, sweet beans, etc.  So bad for you (a lot of sugar), but sooo delicious.  I like that they put pieces of flan on top, too. An extra plus:  they have imported Filipino beer here!  I give this place 4 stars, but rounding it up to 5 for being one of the very few Filipino restaurants in Manhattan.  Try it out!
