This restaurant is nestled in the former Artful Dodger at Second and Pine on Headhouse Square.  It's a new addition to the neighborhood that I decided to check out after reading a piece in the paper. The dining room is decorated with a rustic feel that makes you think you're visiting a farmhouse.  There are no TV's so bring a friend who you can talk to.  Without the espn-addled distractions, the atmosphere is a real treat if you want to eat good food with good people.  My date and I were seated right away and ordered drinks. Oh the drinks!  The place has a full bar and a nice menu of specialty cocktails in the $12-15 range.  The drinks we had were good enough to make the trip here worthwhile on their own.  Both were excellent.  We eventually had some glasses of nice white wine at the (very good) suggestion of the waiter. We had a while to look at the menu while we had our cocktails.  We were given a warm pretzel and homemade mustard, bar nuts and an olive medley while we waited.  All of the snacks were fantastic, if anything they were too generous.  By the end we were so full we had trouble finishing the main course! We decided on the 3 course "Supper" menu for $45.  It didn't disappoint.  First course was an appetizer of succotash and a creamy farmer's cheese on toast.  As strange as it sounds to describe eating succotash on bread, it worked.  The veggies and cheese were fresh  tasting and wonderful. Second course was a rich turtle soup in a tomato broth with a poached egg.  The tomato broth had some kick courtesy of a helping of tabasco, but this was nicely mellowed by mixing the egg yolk into the soup. Third course was a lamb chop served over mushrooms and noodles.  The chop was perfectly cooked and the sauce was flavorful.  The dish felt very hearty even though it was just one chop. Finally, the service was excellent.  The staff was knowledgeable and prompt, without hovering.  The kitchen and dining room were humming along like they had been open for years, instead of a few days.  We had a great time and felt very welcome.
