Here's the thing. I love my family. I mean, they are loud, sometimes irrational, crazy, semi-recluses who seem to be unaware that they make up their own words and euphemisms. This apple hasn't fallen very far from the tree. AT. ALL. However, living in the city has changed me. Such as, I like to make plans, or at least some sort of Oregon Trail style bare-bones skeleton of a plan, a few days in advance. For my sanity. AND FOR THE RESERVATION. Lil' sis was graduating with her masters, my mother was coming into town, and while I thought we were going to have a nice dinner and drinks afterward, the entire situation (day of) turned into festive brunch, ceremony, and then drinks. You just don't *decide* last minute that you'll be *doing* brunch. Good God, I work in this industry. At the very least you should always make a reservation. But the FAM, ya'll, the FAM! They saw some silly yellow cab video about brunch and wanted a true NYC-booze & breakfast experience. Frantically yelping EVERYTHING in a 30 block radius from Grand Central (please don't ask), this wonderful community pointed me in Penelope's direction. We luckily arrived just in time before things got hairy (seriously, everyone wants to go to brunch around 12-2. Pro-tip: arriving at 11:30 gets you a spot at a table just in time to sip some coffee and then take advantage of the 'booze after noon' rule in NY on Sundays). FOR THE ACTUAL EXPERIENCE. Very cute, casual interior. Not trying too hard at all, which is the biggest thing I hate about restaurants/bars. Staff is equally as laid-back, friendly. We had a round of sangria, which I'd definitely skip and opt instead for a bottle of prosecco. Waffles were solid, but not life-changing.  Enjoy them in syrup (real maple) and the accompanying orange butter to pump up the flavor. I'd also skip the potatoes, and instead order a side of double-smoked bacon or the god that is chorizo. Do realize that they make croissants in house and you need to come early to be able to enjoy them. Once they're out, they're out, no exceptions. Eat them with the Penny or Andrey sandwiches. SO good. Especially the little sauces that they're served with, Penny gets a nutty pesto and Andrey gets a vinegary-like tapenade. Still delicious with the english muffin, but c'mon, who doesn't want layer after layer of buttery, pillowy, homemade gluten-ridden goodness?! Probably half of the "like, OMG, she was SOOOOO drunk" Murray Hill (aka baby UES) neighborhood. ** Hot coffee as it should be: dark and bottomless. Just like my restaurant-working soul. **I'm trying to quit smoking and I work on the UES. I swear I am a nice human being.
