I may or may not be nursing a mild addiction to Ippudo. I can't even remember how many times I've come here now, it's more or less become my number one ramen option in NYC. And embarrassingly enough, I've fallen so hard for the few dishes that I have gotten here the first couple times around that I hardly ever try anything new. Sorry. I'm a bad foodie. Anyways. Wasabi shoyu ramen. I firmly believe this is the very best vegetarian ramen I've ever tasted. The wasabi oil drizzled on top gives the ramen this addictive kick. But make sure you mix it up before you dig in! Or else you'll be that person choking at the table (and no one wants to be that person). I love the toppings (inari tofu, bamboo shoots, nori, etc.), and I will never, ever tire of this ramen. Also great for non-vegetarians who want something with a lighter broth. And get kaedama. Always get kaedama. Even when you're full and both your stomach and your brain are screaming that it's a bad idea. Shishito peppers. The most perfect appetizer to begin your Ippudo adventure with. The one time I forwent ordering this, I ended up staring at the ones the guy across me ordered with a disturbing lust for about 15 minutes (sorry, guy!). Squeeze lemon all over the peppers, dip them in the yuzu salt, and munch away. Try to furtively sneak more into your mouth while your dinner companion isn't looking. Some tips about the wait... Either come with the expectation of waiting about half an hour (the line usually isn't worse than that--a lot of people get tired and move onto Menkui-Tei or some other ramen place in the area) or go at super weird times. Once my roommate and I zoomed in here for a late lunch at about 3 pm, half an hour before lunch closes. No wait. Another time we came on Super Bowl Sunday. No wait. Another option is to come by yourself (who needs company anyways?? Not true Ippudo fans!), since some seating is communal and there's usually awkward one-seaters left. But my favorite has to be leaving my name and going shopping at Tokio 7 before dinner. Nothing works up the appetite like a hearty browse through the East Village consignment stores!
