Blue is the long awaited sister restaurant to Bayou (on Bay Street) and Beso (on Schuyler) and, like them, does not disappoint. While the expectation was it was going to be mostly a seafood oriented place the menu is actually Mediterranean which will make fans of food with Indian and Asian flair very happy. There are plenty of seafood dishes but also a nice array for non-seafood eaters. The "bread" they serve is a delicious pita/naan with an less impressive olive oil dip with olives and capers. I would recommend they do the pita with their Beso olive/garlic/oil dip that is so good or a hummus/eggplant dip instead since the olives and capers were a bit strong for the palette and off-putting. My boyfriend and I started with the BBQ Pork spring rolls and the Seared Scallops with Basil Curry Sauce in Wonton Cups. Both were excellent, the BBQ spring rolls were delicious and probably the best tasting pulled pork I've has (which was surprising) albeit a little heavy of an appetizer, so if you want something light to start try a different one.The scallops were my favorite thing of the evening. I could have eaten several orders by myself, the sauce was light and not too strong for those who aren't crazy about curry (like my boyfriend) and the wonton cups were a nice treat. He ordered the Seafood with Rice Noodles which came in a nice garlic/lemon sauce with a little Asian chili-oil. I had the Chicken Tagine which came with lots of vegetables and a delicious Ginger Fried Rice. Mine was good, but the curry was more Indian than Asian (which I prefer) so next time I would try a different entree, however the serving of mine was so big I had plenty to take home (which for the price is excellent). We finished with the chocolate fudge cake and coffee gelato which was nice to share. They seem to still be getting their footing a little bit with service (we were told 45 minutes to wait and actual sat in like 15), however our waitress was very nice and we actually tipped her extra because of her positive personality and attention to us throughout our meal  (coming over the right amount and refilling water/cocktails at the right moments). I look forward to going back and trying more dishes, though I have a feeling this may end up being much like Beso for me, where I go for a light dinner and skip the entree in order to get one or two appetizers and a salad, since they have so many nice appetizer options, and honestly that would be fine with me = ) Give them a try, and be patient with the newly trained staff, the food is worth it and Blue does a good job of living up to the expectations for its food and beautiful view/decor.
