2.5 stars Not that my review will matter among the 800+ reviews there are for this place, but in the off chance that it does to someone out there, I hope you find my words of some use: It's hard to get a Sunday brunch reservation for this place anywhere inside of 2 weeks from your targeted date, but I managed to do it on the day of because the person I spoke to on the phone told me to call in on the day of (Sunday) at 9 am sharp.  So, I did that and snagged a reservation for 6 people.  I hear this is quite an amazing feat in New York City.   Walking in, you know why people want to eat here.  Cozily decorated, dimly lit for a brunch/breakfast,  super high ceilings, and the hustle and bustle of people eager to start their day with good food.  Unfortunately, the place is also super cramped because they stuffed it with as many tables and seats as the FDNY would possibly allow (seemingly). There actually only ended up being 3 of us, with a fourth who was trying to make it.  Unfortunately, they will not seat you until everyone in the party is there, so I had to tell them I had 4 people with one coming later. They still would not seat us.  Then, I had to say 3 and only 3 would be eating. They finally seated us...at a table for 4.  Then the waiter asked if there'd be a fourth and I said "maybe."  At that point, I was still half-afraid that he would escort us back to the front of the restaurant and tell us to make sure only 3 of us would be eating.  Surprisingly, he just told me to just tell whoever tries to take the silverware away that there might be someone coming.  I guess the busboys and other servers have marching orders (and for the life of me, I don't know why), but no less than 5 SERVERS CAME BY TO TRY TO TAKE THE SILVERWARE AWAY during the course of our meal. It was frikkin annoying!   Anyway, I ordered the french toast, as recommended by many on Chowhound, and I also tried the waffles off someone else's plate.  First of all, the french toast was really good. Really good.  TOO BAD IT CONSISTED OF TWO TINY PIECES OF BREAD.  I mean, do you know the Wonderbread you buy at the supermarket to make sandwiches? Well, I don't buy that crappy brand, but you know what I mean.  Anyway, the two slices of french toast were the exact same size as two slices of wonderbread.  Exactly the same.  And this set me back $18.  That's it.  Two pieces of bread on one plate.  I felt like laughing when it came out.   The waffles were also good, but definitely not the best I've had.  You may like them more than I did if you like your waffles soft.  Me? I like them crispy/firm on the outside, and then doughy on the inside.  Their waffles didn't have that crisp on the outside.  They either didn't cook it right or it'd been sitting on their counter for longer than it should have been.  I also think this was $18-20, but it was slightly more substantive than the french toast, so I wasn't quite as appalled.   Orange juice is $5 - par for the course.  But good god, coffee was $4.50!  I understand NYC is NYC, but even that is ridiculous. after tax and tip, you're basically paying $6 for a cup of Joe.  Something named "a cup of Joe" should never be $6.  Not even if Chinese inflation shoots through the roof in the next 10 weeks. Overall, I give the food a 4/5 stars, but I gotta take away a star for the annoying service (I can't say "shitty" because it wasn't, but the whole experience of interacting with the staff bugged me, from getting seated to the silverware thing), and the prices also force me to ding the place another star.  That leaves this place at 2 stars. Fine, I'll give it an extra 1/2 star. I was gonna leave it at 3 stars, but then yelp says 3 stars is "A-OK", which to me, implies that I'd be okay with going back.  No, I don't think I would.  I can get more bang for the buck in terms of quality and quantity, elsewhere.  As far as the whole Balthazar experience, I've done it once now, and that's enough.  Who knows? You might like the atmosphere enough to pay for it.
