This review is based only on my experience coming here for New Year's Day brunch. They offered the normal brunch menu, but allowed you to order any entree and any two drinks from the menu for $20.15. The first thing I noticed was the decor.  it's sultry, it's soft, it's edgy-somehow all at the same time. Bared concrete walls with hazy lights are somehow made sexy, a beautiful fountain cascades water down a wall, chains hang in scalloped fashion from the ceiling, and the colors work  perfectly together. I loved it. We were off to a good start- our waiter was friendly and funny, and the brunch menu looked fantastic. I started with a drink called DoNo coffee- cold brew (my favorite) with bourbon, kahlua and cream. It was very good, although a little rich because of cream. For food I ordered "green eggs and ham", which is their take on eggs benedict (the sauce is a basil hollandaise, hence the "green".  My date ordered the corned beef hash with eggs. Both came with cottage fries. The descriptions sounded marvelous! But, unfortunately the actual food ended up falling short both of the descriptions and our expectations. And while the service continued to be friendly, it was not super-attentive. I was supposed to get those 2 drinks included as part of the brunch special and had ordered the first right away and had it long before the food came--in fact it was almost gone when I was just starting to eat. This was not noticed and I was not asked if I would like a second drink until long after we were both finished eating, at which point I just wanted to get home. So I ended up sacrificing the second drink that was already paid for in my brunch special price, with just shrug of the waiter. The most surprising part of the experience, though, was that the english muffin halves that my green eggs and ham was on were so hard I literally could not cut them with a knife. I'm not joking- I don't use the word "literally" figuratively. The waiter noticed there was a problem because I was stabbing at them and laughing ridiculously- I couldn't help it. I could not fathom how an english muffin could have gotten has hard as a hockey puck.  This was not crispy- I was stabbing it vertically with a knife, trying to tear at it, trying just to bend it- and it was just clanking around my plate making a noise like concrete or dense plastic would.  The waiter came over and was equally shocked, and asked if he could bring them back to the kitchen to show them. After thinking about it, I realized they must have given me really, really stale english muffin halves, which was a bit offensive. The waiter ended up bringing me back a new english muffin a while later, and it was completely different. I realized the other one had shriveled to about half the size as this fresh one, and was wrinkly- things I didn't really notice at first. By the time the new english muffin halves came out, I had already been eating the egg and ham which I had slid off of them, so I didn't really end up eating them. I had also been making my way through some of the cottage fries, which were just crispy potatoes cut into wedges instead of fries. They were ok, but underwhelming since I had been expecting something extra tasty. The basil hollandaise sauce was OK, but nothing to write home about, and my dining companion ordered the corned beef hash and felt that it was only OK as well. Basically, a lot of "OK". I've heard great things about Dish and still want to come back and try some of the dinner dishes, but I'm still really surprised about the small things that made my first visit less than great. I'd probably give it two stars, to be honest, if it wasn't for the decor- the atmosphere and ambience were lovely enough to merit at least half a star.
