Hailing from Providence, I always assumed that our fair city had the corner on the "precious Italian neighborhood" market. Not so, ladies and gentleman. Allow me to introduce you to Wooster Street in New Haven, CT--which gives our Federal Hill a run for its money in the quaint, Old World Italian department. If Atwells Avenue had a sister to the west, it would be this small street located a couple of quick minutes off route 95. For those of us who, while doing the RI to NYC run get overcome with a pizza craving, Frank Pepe - right in the heart of it all on Wooster Street - is not to be missed. Getting a table in this place, a local landmark for nearly a century, can be tricky; it's all about timing. During the traditional lunch and dinner hours, be prepared to wait in a line that stretches outside the door and down the sidewalk. If, however, you have the chance to go during a less orthodox, in-between-meals time of day, you just might get lucky. Our strategy for getting in and out quickly is a bit more calculated and cavalier. It also requires considerably more in way of napkins and stain sticks. We phone in our order from the highway on the way home to Little Rhody, spin into the parking lot, and walk out within minutes brandishing a pizza that's pretty much decimated by the time we pull into the driveway back home, two hours later. There's a reason why The Boston Globe hailed this as one of the top 10 pizzas to experience in New England. These are large, floppy-thin, New York style slices served piping hot from a brick oven that coats the crust and underside (and in turn, one's fingers) with that black, ashy residue that's a signature part of any outstanding pie. The place itself is so old, so authentic, and retains that small-business, family-owned character despite its mega popularity. I think that back in the day, it would have gotten the Corleone stamp of approval. The portions here are for real. The pizzas are gigantic; we typically purchase two, and heat up the leftovers on the stove top for the better part of a week. It's a delicious reminder of why we almost always make the effort to turn off the highway and take this indulgent detour...even when home sweet home is beckoning and our post-Manhattan exhaustion levels are at their highest. The allure of the Pepe is just too strong.
