Two days after a perfect Mother's Day brunch, I am still smiling just thinking about the day. I came here initially a couple months ago back in February for my birthday brunch. We had the long table in the back which was kick ass. I had a 1:30pm reservation and we had to wait until 2 to be seated, but the restaurant made sure we were taken care off once we sat down. The food was amazing. I got the creole brunch, they ran out of shrimp and had to substitute it with scallops ... did not bother me at all :). I was having a bad couple days before, and made sure to let the waitress know that my drinks needed to be extra strong ... she passed on the message to bartender and my drinks were just how I liked them from then on. Everything the table ordered was magnificent. It was all of ours first time there, and everyone was really satisfied and had an wonderful time. That's when I knew, I had to bring Mom here on her day. I made the reservations when I was first able to on open table. They called me a few days before to confirm, and left a message saying that if I did not call back by Saturday at 5pm to confirm my reservation would be cancelled. I quickly called back. Once we got there, I asked for us to be seated in the garden, and they promptly set up a table for us. We were seated within 5 minutes of getting there. The garden is very quaint, goes very well with the "vintage" feel of the restaurant. It is also completely in the shade, so I think even on a hot day sitting there would be good. The temperature was close to 80 degrees, but it was a little chilly (nice) sitting there. For our meal, we started out with Bialy & Lox. The lox spread was delicious, we all wanted more. The rest of the food was great, my dad got the burger, my brother got the filet and my mom and I both for the creole brunch. All of it came out fantastic, and everyone cleared their plates.  Our server did not bother us at all, which I loved. He would come around once after bringing out each part of the meal, ask how it is and the let us be. We did not feel rushed in anyway, with it being mothers day and  all. We all walked out of the meal full, but not stuffed and with big smiles on our faces. I think it was the combination of the atmosphere, the food and the great weather that really made it the perfect Mother's day brunch for the family
