I'll start off with I don't give any restaurant five stars.  Went with a small group of four last night for a 7PM reservation.   Got there about 6:15 and went to the bar.  Still happy hour.  Yay!  Decided to try a couple of their signature drinks.  Cant remember the name but one had a frozen edible orchid in it.  It was good.  Ended up with two of these during the evening.  Also tried the cucumber gimlet.  Refreshing.  We were seated for our reservation about 7:10.  Didn't really mind because we were enjoying the bar area and our drinks.  Good bartenders and helpful with my choices. When seated we all agreed that the table for four was really too small.  Had to be careful not to knock over water glasses when reaching for bread and later the shared sides.   We weren't too close the adjoining tables so that wasn't a problem.  We ordered a bottle of wine that we researched before we went and it was quite reasonable.  I wont mention the price.  We aren't wine snobs so we were fine with the selection. We all ordered different appetizers.  My husband had the lobster bisque and he said it was good.  I had the goat cheese raviolis.  Yum.  Another had the scallops and short ribs and another had the tuna tartar.  All were good. For our main courses we had tuna, salmon, filet mignon and lobster tails.  All were good and cooked appropriately.  Yummy carrots, broccoli and truffle mac and cheese.  We were getting so full that we could finish the sides.  I should have taken them home but didn't. We had coffee and shared chocolate cake and crème brulee. I had read the review in Sundays Inquirer and wasn't sure whether we should still go.  Thought about cancelling our reservations but decided to make up our mind ourselves.  Glad we went.  No complaints here on food or services.   We would go again for a special occasion or happy hour for drinks.  Beautiful space and parking was easy although if you aren't going any place afterward valet (before tip) is $11 cheaper than the parking garage just next door.
