I loved Jones! I went this past Saturday when I was back in town to celebrate my birthday with my family.  I chose to come to Jones for dinner, having heard about it before, and knowing my brother comes here often with his friends.   The way I see Jones, and similar restaurants (i.e. other Starr restaurants) is that you're coming here not only to get a meal, but to also have an experience.  You are going to this particular restaurant because of the unique atsmosphere.  That said, I also expect the food to be good with decent sized portions. Upon entering Jones we were seated right away.  This was about 5:30/6 on a Saturday night.  The place was pretty full, but obviously not packed since we got a booth for 5 with no wait.  We sat 2 on one side, 3 on the other in our booth.  It was comfortable for my parents on their side, however elbow room was a bit tight for the 3 of us sitting on the other side.  It wasn't as tight as some people have described it, though.  I wasn't at all uncomfortable; it just made it difficult when we all needed to cut our food at the same time.  This was not a huge deal. Theme: The décor of Jones is exactly how others have described it: retro 70's, complete with avocado green booths, wood paneling, orange chairs and funky lighting fixtures.  I absolutely loved it. Menu: While the menu is not huge, there are certainly a number of meals to choose from, as well as a wide variety of food from seafood, steak, pasta, and typical favorites like chicken pot pie and meatloaf.  There are also a bunch of sandwiches as well.  Menu is available on their website. Service: Despite what some may have said about their service, we had no problems.  Our waitress even brought my dad's half eaten meal back under the heat lamp to keep warm while he got up to take an important call.  Either way, I try not to judge a place based on their service unless I've gone a few times and still have a problem.  You can get a bad/snobbish/inattentive server anywhere, from a 5 star restaurant to a local dive, and unfortunately unless you address that with the server or manager, it may not change.  But again, we had no issues, just good service. Food: All of us were happy with the food.  First of all, the portions were large so I felt the prices were justified.  Secondly, despite what I've read on here, I would not put the quality of this food in the same range as a diner - it's most definitely above.  While the menu items may have included diner-type meals, you can't forget that it's a part of the theme of this place.  What would a retro-themed restaurant be without serving those at-home favorites?  The quality of food was what I would expect for the price and type of restaurant. The 5 of us shared two orders of the pierogies as an appetizer.  We all raved about how good they were, I definitely recommend them.  However, while I found all the portions to be large on other foods, there were only 3 pierogies to an order.  Slightly pricey for only 3, but I would order them again because they were that good.  For dinner, my mom ordered the chicken pot pie which she was unable to finish due to the size.  My dad ordered the pistachio crusted tilapia, and my boyfriend had the spicy jambalaya (and loved it).  I went with the make your own salad - there were so many things on the menu that I wanted, but I've been on a major salad kick lately, and when I saw how huge the salads were, I was sold.  I have to say, the mini clipboard/checklist sitting on the table for ordering the personal salad was a cute touch as well.  Lastly, my brother, who has been here many times, never ordering the same thing twice, tried a hamburger this time.  He admits that it was not the most flavorful hamburger and won't order it again, but still loves everything else he's eaten here (including the crabcake which I was considering ordering). Dessert: My dad and I each ordered the strawberry shortcake -delicious, and the boys each ordered the chocolate cake, which was actually served with a cold glass of milk.  A cute idea and perfect touch! It's safe to say that I'd like to go to Jones again when I'm back in my home area sometime.  I enjoyed the food, the atmosphere was fun and unique, and the prices were pretty much what they should be for this type of place.  The dress code can range from casual to dressy, meaning whatever you wear in that range you'd fit in.  I recommend Jones if you're looking for a fun place to get a good meal in the city.
