I will preface this review by saying that I visited Tia Pol only a few days after getting off a plane from Madrid.  I was a devotee and great connoisseur (sp?) of tapas by the time I hoisted myself onto one of the high tables.  I was craving...CRAVING...some tortilla and jamon, and someone was kind enough to put me out of my misery by inviting me to go here.  That said, here goes: Ambience: one of those three stars is awarded for ambience.  It was a date place, beautifully decorated with elegant high tables and a large barnyard style door.  I highly recommend it for a date, as long as its not with a foodie who just came back from a couple of weeks in Spain, because the food... Food: a good attempt, but left something to be desired to .  And I can safely say I have a good handle on what Spanish food is supposed to taste like: 1) To drink we split a bottle of the lightly carbonated Penedes.  The wine was crisp and perfectly chilled.  Paired well with our choice of tapas. (one star is for its good wine list) 2) Jamon Serrano - good but not as dry as in Spain, perhaps because it was drizzled in a disgusting portion of olive oil. 3) Pan con Tomate - they nailed this one.  it was delish. 4) Tortilla Espagnola - the potatos were cold and undercooked.  I actually struggled to cut through them.  The egg had good consistency though, and aioli was tasty (though, how can you go wrong with olive oil, garlic and a blender?). 5) chorizo - too tightly packed and not flavorful enough, but definitely pleasantly savory if you don't have high expectations. (I'll give it a star for food, it was enjoyable, just not incredible). Service: nice enough.  They gave us a very accurate estimation of how long we had to wait (again, good consideration for a date place).  The waiter was attentive and gave spot-on recommendations and descriptions of the food.  Even the service though was nothing spectacular. All in all, not bad.  Just not spectacular.  Solid restaurant.  Very pretty place to have a romantic date if the girl has not JUST come back from Spain.
