We went on 12/23 on a date night. I wanted to visit this place for a long time. You find a rustic charming location. It has limited parking, so prepare to pay for valet at $12 or wander the streets for parking. No, problem we found street parking in a minute or two and only a block away. The staff are friendly and attentive. They do not miss a beat. I would say the food is a rustic or comfort food type of Italian. There are many choices of interesting things. I saw a number of items I've not seen on a menu. The waitress seemed to love just about everything we ordered. They had an extensive wine menu and to my delight a good sized beer menu of import and specialty beers. I ordered a nice import. The sommelier I think had difficulty pouring it and not having the head take over. He needs a lesson in beer pouring I think. But, he waited until he could get every drop in the glass. My wife ordered an orange wine, which was like a mix of red and white. It was very lovely. I had a quail appetizer. It was slightly darkened with a vinagrette type sauce and cabbage. It was precisely balanced flavoring of sweet, sour and bitter. Loved it and it really is portioned as a nice appetizer for one. My wife went with a vegetable dish. It came with a ton of different vegetables, cooked in various ways. I did not try it. I was too busy eating quail. Off to the main courses. I ordered a wild boar bolognse. It really tasted a lot like beef stroganoff, so kind of comfort food like. The pasta was hand made and delicious. The boar well seasoned. I only wished for a little more presentation in the dish with more color or textures. But, it was delicious. My wife ordered an octupus course. I only tasted the freshly made pasta. It was slightly more fishy than I would have liked. I did not try the octopus but it looked good. On to dessert, I had a fried ravioli with huckleberry. It was pretty when it arrived, but I think needing a little more sauce to balance the sourness of the fruit. The ravioli was a sugar cookie like flavor. My wife, oh my, in what was the surprise of the night ordered a wonderful dessert. You see, I am the one who always seems to order the best dessert when we go out. But, she did this time. I was jealous once I took one bite. She had a pear and ginger crostina with vin brulee. It was beautiful in presentation and delicious. The last note to the Chef. If you are going to come out and talk to your friends during a meal. Be kind and at least recognize a table or two next to them. You know a hello or a smile, or how is your evening? We had a table next to us who knew the Chef. I'm fine with that and your taking time to talk to them. Just make sure you recognize in some way guests around you. Also, on a special occasion like just before a major holiday, you may want to plan an amuse or two for guests. It could have moved you from a 4 star to 5. I've been to many 5 star places that do that bite sized taste of something here and there.
