Can I tell the difference between a 4 star and a five star restaurant you ask?  Sure I can.  And while I realize this is no Per Se or French Laundry, this restaurant gets five stars for that specific night, for that specific meal. My friends and I were in NYC for one of our bi-annual business trips, and it was dead in the chill of January.  Having lived in New York as a teenager, I've always wanted to go to Balthazar.  It was in the middle of Soho, and the epitome of glamour.  I'd walk by on the cobblestone street and look into the beautiful ambers and reds, watching the beautiful people drink their bottles of wine regaling to each other their fabulous stories.  I thought to myself, I'll never be Kate Moss, therefore I will never be able to get a table at Balthazar.   Well, these days, many years later, all the beautiful people have migrated to Balthazar's trendier sister Pastis, which is great news for me and my friends. Maybe it was all those years ago, but I was still really intimidated with my preconceived notions of how this place would be.  First good sign?  8:30 pm reservations on a Friday night?  Score.   So in we walked, the three of us, seeking a warm haven from the chilly wind, and warm we definitely found.  That has to be my only semi-gripe with the restaurant, was the thermostat.  Maybe the high temp was for all the ladies who prefer to wear their sparkly dresses underneath their cashmere coats, but I was wearing a turtleneck, so it was a bit of torture.  The warmth of the host stand that greeted us matched the balmy restaurant, so that was the next pleasant surprise.  Immediately, two hostesses took our coats as the third seated us immediately amidst the bustling dining room.  That was the next great surprise.  The restaurant was packed.  I know everyone is saying that it is now a tourist trap, but who cares?!  As long as everyone is lubricated, fed, and having a hell of a time, does it really matter?  And from the looks of it, there were more native New Yorkers than tourists that evening.   The waiter was perfectly kind and helpful.  When I told him it was my brother's birthday, there was nary an eyeroll.   To start, we had the warm goat cheese tart and the spinach and ricotta ravioli.  The tart was perfectly nutty and savory, whilst the ravioli was melt in your mouth perfect.  Collective eyes back to the head at the table. We all decided to share three entrees:  The barsteak, the moule frites, and the special for the evening, which I sadly can't recall (well, it was 7 months ago.)  I think my boyfriend said it best when he took a bite from his steak and said he couldn't believe he was eating such an amazing meal for a such incredible prices in NYC.   Two bottles of wine later, the evening concluded with a complimentary caramelized banana tart.  It was one of the best meals I've had so far in my life.  It was kind of what I imagined a meal at Balthazar to feel like.
