The food at Halcyon is quite good and the restaurant/lounge is quite beautiful, but I get the feeling that it is trying too hard to be like a Manhattan restaurant. Because it's not, and it's not nearly as good as the restaurants in NYC at the same price range. Don't get me wrong. There was nothing wrong or remotely bad about Halcyon. In fact, I had a pleasant meal there with both good food and service. But it's overpriced. And none of the dishes were amazing or creative... simply good and a bit boring. If everything was cheaper by about $5, I would have probably given Halcyon a 4 star Yelp rating. Entrees are almost all in the $25-$30 range, and the emphasis is definitely on seafood. Portion sizes are large (don't go overboard on appetizers) and the cocktails are good and unique for the area. What we tried: - Lobster Tacos: Overall pretty tasty and not as messy as expected (an outer soft shell is wrapped around an inner hard shell, holding the taco together as you bite into it), but the lobster itself was dry and the seasoning could have used a little more heat. - Pan seared halibut in a saffron broth: The halibut was moist, but it could have spent an extra minute in the pan to get a harder sear. The saffron broth was actually good and aromatic. Surprisingly, the vegetables were probably the best part of the dish, roasted and seasoned nicely and paired well with the halibut. - Cioppino special of the day with saffron risotto. There was a large assortment of fresh fish that was well cooked overall, though once again the lobster was overcooked. The saffron risotto was actually very nice... rich and creamy and the rice cooked properly. But the cioppino at Grato near Parsippany has a more complex and flavorful broth. In fact, the one at Grato is just a better dish overall (and cheaper too). - Warm pesto cod with cannellini beans and mushrooms: The cod was perfectly cooked and the dish had a lovely earthiness to it. However, I think it needed a touch of salt and that an acid element would have brightened the dish. - The truffle parmesan fries were cut very thin and fried well, but it was a bit too salty. Maybe they shouldn't have salted the fries in addition to the grated parmesan (and if they didn't add any extra salt, maybe use less parmesan). Could have used more truffle too... Too full to try any of the desserts unfortunately. Will probably come back one day to sit at the lounge as well as try some of the desserts.
