I don't know what this business is about the 5th taste, but whatever it is, it's pretty awesome. Unfortunately my server didn't ask me how I wanted the burgers cooked (I wanted to try two different ones, don't judge me), and didn't warn me that they would come out pretty much raw. Some people like that, but I don't. Even still, these burgers are amazing. I got the Original ($12) and the special 5 Spice Duck Burger ($15). The original was really so raw the meat was falling apart, so I much preferred the duck one, which was incredible. I don't know if it's in my head or what, but the flavors and taste sensations going on really were like nothing else I've tried. If you are looking for a classic, straight-forward cheeseburger, then go elsewhere, but if you just want something that tastes ridiculously good and unique, then you must try this place. I also felt the need to try the Cheesy Tots ($5) since I read so much about them and also wanted to feel cool ordering them since they're not on the menu. They were pretty delicious, but just not satisfying enough. The order comes with just 7 of them, so I think I would rather opt for a nice, hearty order of fries next time. Lastly, I had to finish with some dessert, and was surprised to find one of the best ice cream sandwiches I've ever had, no exaggeration. Made by The Good Batch, I got the Double Chocolate Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich ($8). It was the neatest, and most cleanest ones I've ever eaten, while at the same time being incredibly delicious. The thin, crispy cookies held together perfectly around the thick slab of chocolate ice cream and the generous chunks of peanut butter. I was afraid of an insane wait since it was opening day and I read about long lines at lunch, but I was able to come in and get a seat with no problem (though it was an absurdly early dinner). I fully expect the waits to get crazy though once the word spreads more about how great the burgers are. Next time I'll try the Truffle Fries and get my burger slightly more well done. I'm pretty sure then I'll be upping my review with a 5th star.
