Oh yes, Momofuku Ssäm Bar... Bo Ssäm and then some. *snicker* I realized after I finished my Noodle Bar review that I hadn't yet written a review of Ssäm Bar--it's probably because after I walk about of there, I am always in a state of happiness that I never want to end, sending me into these weird La Dolce Vita benders of vice and decadence that preclude any motivation to write yelp reviews. In any case, the menu changes seasonally (if not weekly), so any specific food recommendations may be out of season/off the menu by the time you try it yourself, so... there you go. Having said all that, I've had good luck with some favorites-oysters or hamachi from the raw bar, followed by pork buns (and or the bbq pork sandwich if we are in a larger group) augmented by whatever seasonal veg they have going on, then you really can't go wrong with any of the large meat dishes, the pork shoulder, duck, or steaks have always brought huge smiles to my face. Of course, if you are lucky enough to nab a bo ssäm reservation, much of what I've written above will not apply to you. It took us forever to get the 6-10 people required to do this (getting this group of friends together in that number is like herding cats), but it was well worth it. 7 pounds of amazing, slow roasted pork SHOULDER. (it's called pork butt, but it's not the pig's ass). You get that, a dozen oysters, kimchi, rice, bibb lettuce, and some sauces, then you just go to town making little lettuce wraps, mixing and matching sauces and ingredients until you are stuffed. This is a dining experience that falls somewhere between korean bbq and... momofuku. haha, my two favorites, how 'bout that. Whether I am here for bo ssäm or not (let's face it, sometimes it's just you and someone else), ssäm bar is one of my favorites--I am just hoping the David Chang backlash begins soon so it's easier to get a seat. ps kind of sort of a full bar in that they have beer, wine, and liquor, but the liquor is very curated--mostly brown alcohol and if my memory serves me correctly, gin as the sole clear alcohol. (I go straight for the whiskey).
