I enjoyed dining here with a friend during restaurant week last week. It was a good deal w/the $35 prix fixe menu. We both enjoyed our wine & food. The service was friendly and down to earth. Having just flown across the country that day it was a nice way to unwind in the beautiful, spacious setting. We made our reservations on Open Table so no issues getting a spot to eat right away (it was also an early meal, 7:30pm on a Wednesday night) but there were other open tables where we sat (back of the restaurant & up the stairs, wow that place is big)! The highlights of the meal were the "hummos" which was good ... as were the piping hot pitas & complimentary appetizer (some delicious flatbread & some sort of whipped up cream spread & olives). I also liked the "lahmahjeen" (pita topped with lamb, onion & tomato). I could have lived w/out the "baba ghannouj" (eggplant, lebanese tahini & pomegranate) which would normally be a home run for me. But I was surprised at how much I really enjoyed the chicken ("chicken shish taouk"). My friend's black cod was delicious too. For dessert we had the homemade sorbet because we were too stuffed to try anything heavier. It was much too sweet. We were so full it wasn't a huge deal but nonetheless a little disappointing. Not a compliment or disappointment but another observation, I love pomegranate but they seemed to want to put it in everything, (maybe it was the wine that made that point somewhat entertaining at the time). Side note: the bathrooms were pretty unique & cool, also very clean which is GREAT in my book (despite reading some scary Yelp stories below after I went of people managing to lock themselves in the stalls, there was a woman selling toiletries in the bathoom so I'm sure she could rescue you if you got stuck & she was there). The server was also very good about splitting our tab (I had to expense the meal for work), I felt really bad asking but she was great about it. We made sure to leave a good tip! I do recommend this place. Overall a great meal, nice ambiance, good service. One word overall: YUM!
