Had dinner here tonight after meeting a friend at the Breslin for a cocktail. Wanted to like it but something just felt off. Immediately when we walked in I noticed that I wasn't greeted with the smell of food - but rather what I later determined to be a mix of cleaning fluid and mildew. Not exactly appetite stimulating. The decor felt disconnected too. One side of the narrow room was a candlelit restaurant and the other a long crowded bar lined with tv's - a sort of pseudo sports lounge. It was loud and hard to have any sort of conversation across our table. Food was meh at best. We decided to share a few plates so we could sample variety. Meatballs - ok. Not great but not bad either. A little too bready for my taste and lacked in both garlic and salt. Better if you ate them on the garlic bread they were served with. It was out of proportion too with three small meatballs to four large pieces of garlic bread. Frico - I first had a Frico at Becco and this paled in comparison. Something about it felt manufactured, almost as if it had been prepared earlier (dare I even suggest frozen) and then just reheated in a pan. Crostini - we got the garlic, fennel and white bean. I felt like it needed something more - possibly salt and rosemary? A drizzle of extra virgin olive oil? Was almost there - just not quite. Polenta Primavera - the Polenta was actually very good. Well prepared and served in wedges but still soft and creamy. The primavera was only ok - a pink sauce with onions, peas and mushrooms with way too many onions for my taste. Again - needed salt. Drinks: I had a dark and stormy that really tasted more like ginger beer without the spiced rum. I had no buzz off of it at all which was a bummer as D&S is one of my favorite cocktails. But we had just had cocktails at the Breslin Bar so maybe anything would pale in comparison after that. Service: Meh. If I need you to explain the menu I will ask. Otherwise I'm pretty sure I can figure out the difference between snacks, medium plates and large plates. I felt like our server was a tad on the pushy side and when we didn't let him 'guide' our meal or 'course it out for us" (we were fine doing that on our own) he lost interest. Overall - it was just a lackluster experience. The menu suffers from an identity crisis - it's not sure if it wants to be a tapas/sharing type place or offer full meals (it hasn't perfected either). The cuisine is all over the place with mostly Italian offerings with some asian and latin inspired dishes but not enough to be fully eclectic. The decor is divided between dark gastropub and brightly lit sports bar giving you an almost schizophrenic feeling. The volume was way too loud for dinner conversation and the service is meh at best. There's a small chance I might give this place another shot in the future to see if anything changes but there are really just way too many good spots in this city to waste time on the 'meh's'.
