We went to Rho last night, mainly to see our favorite band, High in the Mid-80's (A great 80's band lighting up the NJ circuit!). Our first time there, since Kat ManDo closed. Nice warm night, we decided to the head outside patio bar to grab a drink and some food before the show started. I ordered a meatball parm sandwich at the bar - comes with salad. $10.00, not bad I figured. It was absolutely horrible !  It was tasteless slop...I sent it back with a funny look on my face. We cook alot and know good food, especially homemade Italian. This sandwich was the most pathetic tasting thing I've ever tasted. Anyway, the second point is, there was hardly anyone there for a beautiful Friday evening in late Sept!! When it was Kat Mans, this place was PACKED with people (anybody that frequented KatMan's knows this). So, we went back inside to see the band, they put on a awesome 80's show (as they usually do), but the crowd was very light. I suspect that this is due, in no short order, to the poor food/restaurant reviews this place has been getting. They are NOT getting any return customers, from what I can tell. I mean, come on...it's a warm Friday night on Sept 28th...everyone is back home, back to school, back to work, etc...and this place is nearly empty!!  My advice would be, eat somewhere else first, there's TOO many good restaurants in the area to take a chance with this place, then go here for the entertainment and drinks only. The remodeling was done nicely, but it's very Italian style (I'm half Italian), with lot's of large pillars. They sunk alot of $$$ into the place to give it a modern, updated feel, but it's also very Italianized, so it may miss the mark on bringing in those large, diverse crowds that they will need to stay afloat. As some astute writers remarked here on Yelp...Rho will be rowing down the Delaware River soon, if they don't wake up and change the head of food/dining experience in this place AND get some larger crowds in here, along with loosening up that ridiculous page-long dress code. The place will not stay afloat long.
