3.5 stars My boyfriend and I came here for a prix fixe meal during Restaurant Week (ahhhh this is a late review, I know! But I took a bunch of pictures so I could remember what I wanted to say about the food). We wanted to catch a meal here before taking our flight back to California, so we booked the earliest possible lunch. It was a little hard to find because it's located in what looks like a business complex or corporate building, but we were very pleasantly surprised when we stepped inside. At noon, it was relatively empty so we got great service, and being able to appreciate all the modern decor in the daylight was nice as well. I loved getting a table by the window and looking out at the river. Unfortunately, the food itself was a little on the disappointing side. Appetizers: Duck pate and salmon tartare. The salmon tartare was wonderful and tasted really good with the chips that they probably (hopefully) made themselves. It was a very generous portion. The duck pate, on the other hand, was very hard for me to handle. No classy points for me! Thankfully, my boyfriend didn't seem to mind it so much. Pinky up! Entrees: Pork steak and lamb curry. The portions for both of these were disappointing and the taste of the pork steak was just ok. The naan that came with the lamb curry was very delicious but the curry itself was in a very small portion. I don't know if that was only the portion sizes for Restaurant Week or if those are the normal portions...The curry is also on the spicy side! Dessert: banana sundae with vanilla/mocha ice cream and coconut panna cotta. The banana sundae was delicious and presented in such a cute way (in a glass cup). I really enjoyed all the flavors together and am a banana lover regardless so the meal ended with me being quite happy. The coconut panna cotta was quite good as well but I thought it was a tiny bit on the bland side. Overall, I felt like the appetizers and desserts outshone the entrees. Come here for those dishes or the fantastic view!
