this is my absolute favorite tapas joint in all of new york city. if it wasn't always so crowded and a little off the beaten path, i might be there everyday. my first visit was when my roommate took me there for my birthday. the restaurant is very slim and narrow, and always packed. the noise level is always high, and because of this, the environment can be a bit overwhelming. it's best to go either in a pair, or a group of no more than 4-6, simply because the place is so tiny and tables are difficult to come by. but either way, the food more than makes up for the lack of space, noise and wait.  my roommate and i waited 1 hr and 40 minutes! i've never waited that long except in the emergency room! i think my roommate and i attempted to try as many dishes as humanly possible between two people without having any left over. we started off with a pitcher of sangria. the sangria is good and does the job, but nothing spectacular. one of the first dishes that came out was the salt cod and potato puree. the texture was perfect--soft and creamy with just the right amount of saltiness. you could identify the cod in each bite once it was in your mouth. perfect size for 2-3 people (if you're having a ton of other dishes). you get exactly what you order. the pork loin/piquillo on a baguette sandwich was also good, but maybe a little too much bread for my taste. the head-on shrimp (2) are absolutely huge. cooked and steamed very well, they are simple yet juicy and sweet. next was the chorizo with chocolate dish which is highly discussed, but not to my surprise, was a bit disappointing in my opinion. the chorizo was thin and rubbery; i could barely taste the meat and the chocolate was also unmemorable. the two elements just didn't come together even though on paper it sounds promising. the stuffed piquillo peppers with potato salad topped with tuna is delicious and surprisingly clean for a slightly "heavy" dish. the rough cut potatos with spicy aoili are pretty standard, but delicious because they come out piping hot and very crispy. my three favorite dishes were as follows: the lamb skewers which were amazing--they were incredibly juicy, tender beyond comprehension, and packed with flavor. just make sure you are a fan of lamb or it can be overwhelming. next was a squid in ink with rice dish. this tapa is difficult to write about because describing the taste of squid ink is very hard. it's a very unique taste--not fishy but "seafood'y" while still maintaining a muted subtle taste. this is a definite must-try dish unless you are horrified of seafood. lastly was the rabbit special they had that night. it was some sort of braised rabbit in a flavorful sauce. the meat was incredibly tender and none of the spices/flavorings were overwhelming. we also had a salad to "balance out" all the food. nothing spectacular. finished the meal with flan which was good. this is my favorite tapas place because a lot of tapas bars have a few dishes that are hits, and many that are complete misses. i would say that none of the dishes i had at tia pol were disappointing. with the exception of an over-hyped chorizo and chocolate dish, everything was good to very delicious. tia pol gets two thumbs up because they push the envelope with extremely unique ideas and because they aren't afraid to stray away from using standard ingriedients and combinations.
