2014 Winter Restaurant Week: 3.5 I really wanted to love this place. The fact that I settled on a 3.5 rating actually made me question my taste and doubt myself for a bit because everyone is hailing 5 stars or 4. This place unfortunately fell quite short of my 4 star rating. I would be lying if I say "Yay! I'm a fan."  I don't want to use the word overhyped but none of the food we had really stood out and none of them was really out-of-this-world fantastic. The service however was truly phenomenal from start to finish. What I loved about our server the most was his honesty and attentiveness. When he noticed my friend received the wrong drink, he immediately proposed to have it changed. We didn't even notice the difference and he could've easily just ignored it and pretended he didn't notice. But no, he was proactive in providing us what we ordered even if we didn't complain about it. I just didn't like that the tables were so close together and we could hear our neighboring customers' conversations from both left and right.  I also didn't like the fact that we were seated in the back area with a not-so-fancy interior and not in the main dining room. We came for RW. We didn't have the famous brussel sprouts, the fries, or the lamb that everyone has been raving about. Maybe that's why my overall rating is only a sad 3.5?? It is worth noting though that the appetizers alone were very filling. And I really love the fact that one person gets 2 appetizers for RW. Appetizers: Hummus with pine nuts - good but not memorable Moussaka - good but nothing to rave about   Falafel - super hard, definitely not what I expected Kibbe Naye Beirutieh - it was like spam smothered with olive oil and jalapeno but it was good nonetheless Main Entrees: Risotto - very good and tasty; it was quite salty for my friend's taste but I loved it Chicken Shish Taouk - okay at best Desserts: Ilili candy bar - I was hesitating on getting this because I thought it was going to have a super hard texture but it was soft enough to be cut with a spoon. I'm a big fan of chocolates so I really liked this one Labne Cheese cake - I didn't like it - too fruity for my taste
