I dropped in on Totto Ramen today at about 4:30 pm. It's a quaint alleyway of a restaurant that seats 20 people (most at the counter in front of the open kitchen). When I arrived one of the cooks informed me that the 'chicken broth' used in most of their dishes had run out and so I could only select from the vegetarian ramen, which limited me to two choices and also the most expensive items on the menu. I ordered the Spicy Vegetarian Ramen ($12) and had them add in an Seasoned Boiled Egg ($1).  While I was waiting for my food, the cook told another customer that they would have more 'chicken broth' in about 30 minutes so she could wait or come back.  I was kind of annoyed that he didn't give me that option. The Spicy Vegetarian ramen is listed as: "Our vegetarian Rayu, Spicy Sesame Oil, offers a spicy substitute to our Vegetarian Ramen - konbu and shiitake based soup with organic noodles topped with seasonal vegetables." After less than ten minutes, a bowl was placed in front of me on a charming little black stand.  And while it was quite fragarent....well...it didn't really look like ramen.  Ramen is a dish that has a great deal of flexiblity, but other than the noodles and the egg that I ordered all the the toppings were quite unorthodox. The vegetables included avocado, cauliflower, corn, zucchini and red and green peppers with a wedge of lime on the side.   The only vegetable from that list that is traditionally used in ramen is corn, and even that was served in a unusual fashion  Instead of the corn being a sprinkling of kernels, it was a strip of kernels still attached to part of the cob.  This made it difficult to bite into get to the fleshy goodness of the kernels.  I also had no place to discard the spent cob pieces, so I had to leave them floating in my soup and I kept ingesting them as I drank the broth. On a related note: all the vegetables were in large pieces and were difficult to wield or eat.  However, all the vegetables were fresh and delicious. The egg was also good, but it was not cut in half, as is the norm, so it was also cumbersome. The noodles were thin and gritter than regular ramen and didn't have the elasticity that usually comes from the alkali water they're made with.  The broth was excellent and the hot sesame oil they used added spice and flavor without drowning out the rest of the flavors. It just didn't 'feel' like ramen. It was a delicious noodle soup, and I would suggest it as an intriguing vegetarian meal, but since it lacked any elements that made up traditional ramen, it seemed a little bit off the mark.
