Welcome to Melograno, a BYO that journeys outside of the safe zone of your typical La Viola and La Fontana typicals in Center City. Attracting a crowd much older than the average college group looking for a fancy meal still within their budget, Melagrano does well to maintain and uphold not only a classy appearance but experience as well.   Nestled in a quaint corner of the Rittenhouse area, this restaurant has been a bustling establishment since its inception giving it a somewhat hauty persona. The hostess greeted us with a certain air of impatient contempt as initially did our server.  However, some quick chit chat with our waitress and she mellowed out considerably.  I find it rather ironic that the restaurant described themself as "convivial" on their website when the restaurant is anything but - professional? sure but convivial? I'd find more "fun-loving" on a subway.  Just saying. Overall, I enjoyed the experienec from the food to the lighting to the fact that the servers knew which side to serve your dish on (left). Dishes that were ordered: Pappardelle Alle Olive (Sauteéd jumbo shrimp &amp; Sea scallops cooked in a light tomato sauce with black and green olives)....didn't try this but it looked so-so. Ravioli di Magro (Homemade pasta filled with Swiss Chard, spinach; Ricotta cheese finished in brown butter sage sauce)...YUM, my  2 friends got this and I would definitely reccommend it. Sella di Coniglio Ripiena (Organic rabbit saddle stuffed with prosciutto & spinach finished in a delicate cream &amp; white wine pan sauce served over potato puree )...hands down, the BEST dish of the night. The rabbit is tender and cooked to perfection while the cheese and spinach stuffed inside give it a great texture and even better flavor. Pappardelle Al Ragu di Cinghiale (Braised wild boar bolognese made with fresh tomatoes & rosemary finished with Parmigiano)...great pasta dish but lacked a little flavor. If you're looking to impress a date or your out-of-town friends, definitely consider this trattoria. Only caution is - the bread isn't warm.
