One of three places to eat in New Haven- so I get food from here once or twice a week x 9 months= I'm here a lot. Getting in: overcrowded on nights/ weekends (plus there's a cover). Be prepared to wait (and get angry) As every other reviewer said if you come here during the weekend be prepared to wait. Not only is it popular but the waitresses/waiters are some of the most incompetent people in the service industry, so keep reminding your hostess at 5 minute intervals to seat you. Food: snacky pizza that leaves you not feeling gross Obviously I like the pizza and the salad. The pizza is on the thin, elastic, non greasy or cheesy side, so I get why others might prefer Modern Apizza/Pepe. But I think that's the best part about it since I don't feel gross after eating a slice and a half. I like to think about it as a snacky type pizza, since I'm usually hungry again by the time I get home, and I reheat my leftover slices! Drinks: decently priced beer They have a decent selection of beer, with decent prices. I was expecting a huge selection of all sorts of (crappy) (bitter) (unrefined) microbrews and what have you, by the looks of their set up. But they broke the stereotype and didn't go over board. (as you can tell I'm not a fan of indie beer brands since they are indeed too bitter/ not well formulated/ not well filtered). What is awesome is their apple cider. They don't have it always but it's pretty nice and light and doesn't taste like vinegar. Oh and the bartenders are freaking awesome (especially when you compare them to the freaking waitresses) "Atmosphere" /Decor: Chill, nice airy open space I love the place. If they had a place like this around when I was in college, I would have lived here. When it's crowded tho, you just want to get the hell out. Service: outright LAZY waitresses/hostess (not too bright either). Be prepared to get angry! Since I love the food so much (and since the NH restaurant scene is really weak) I only took 1 star off. But really, if I were to rate the service on average, it would be in the negative star range. I mean, not that other restaurants in the area have impeccable servers, but considering the hype and popularity of place, you would have thought the owners/managers would have stopped hiring lazy a**es by now. Especially if going there on a weekend, you will be in a bad mood even before you get seated. We actually decided to order takeout countless times and left due to the hostess' immense attitude problem. Half of the time we go upstairs and take over the empty table there. I love that spot since it does not make me feel agoraphobic. And from up there I can see exactly what the waitresses are doing. This is the only high volume restaurant/bar/pub I've ever been at where people are lining up to get in, others are screaming for the check, but the lazy fat waitresses ALWAYS have time to chit chat. They go take an order and then huddle back to the bar. REALLY? What is this? Do the managers have a one waitress working at a time policy? They all need to be by the pizza bar and only one is allowed to go do her work? Tag team waitressing? WTF?
