I'm really torn on this place as to how many stars to give, really.  Ambiance gives this place a 5, food rates a 4, and service rates a 3... So I average it out to be a 4.  Let me explain... 9 girls out for a birthday dinner/celebration is always slightly difficult to manage, so generally I give the service a break if it is a little sketchy, but this was just not that great of service.  Our waiter, while friendly enough at most times was obviously in the weeds with his tables, and sometimes took his frustrations out on us with snide little comments such as, "well, if you're not all ready to order your drinks now, it's going to be a while before I come back..." uh, ok guy... And then randomly some other server came up, took ONE drink order and left the 8 of us stuttering as to why he didn't take ours as well, and then our server comes back, we tell him and he scolds us, "well, you should only be ordering from me", OK so why did your compadre come take a drink order??  Whatever, all in all it took a VERRYYY long time to get our mains, and even longer to get our check, like in 20 minutes after we asked for it... But on to the food, in short, DELICIOUS. We started with edamame, scallops, miso puree, brussel sprouts, and the lentil salad for the table.  The scallops were perfect, the brussel sprouts by far the best I've ever had, and the lentil salad was AMAZING (I am so craving it still).  The focaccia in the bread selection was heavenly as well.  We had different mains, but I went with the Tasmanian Trout, and really it was basically salmon, but a really well prepared, crispy skin, perfectly seasoned salmon/trout. Everyone else was also very pleased with their dishes. All in all, dinner and drinks for 8 of us (bday girls don't pay) was $750 (gratuity included).  Oh, and the server gained back some cred when he brought a candle lit tasting tray of sorbet out for the bday girl.   Will I go back?  Sure.  Anytime soon?  Not likely.   Well...maybe for that lentil salad....
