Lackluster. It's unfortunate because the atmosphere is nice.  Romantically lit interior, clean, and well kept tables and bars.   What sucks is the service.  Now I can only imagine how difficult it is to be a maître d'.  Patrons at a popular restaurant who get crankier by the minute.  I am guilty for being one of those cranky customers but hear me out please.   My gf from Japan is visiting and she says wants good Italian.  Of course I rely on my fellow helpers for guidance and Morini is where I was lead to!   We don't have reservations when we walk in around 830.  Wait it about 45 min.  The two open seats at the bar were reserved!? Ok cool, leave a number and she said she'll call us when table is ready.  So we head to a near by bar for a drink.  Granted I had lunch at 1, I'm kinda hungry at this point but holding out on snacking.  Glass of prosecco on an empty stomach bit tipsy but happy.  So we get a call around 9 and table would be ready in 10 min.  Awesome! Heading back, still my chirpy self. We get back and check in with the hostess and they say table should be ready soon. 15 min later we are still waiting so we ask one of the hostesses how much longer it's going to be.  She said she doesn't know she has to wait for the maître d'.  Ok but there's three girls just hanging out at the hostess stand... I didn't understand the purpose of having three girls there if none of them could help... They were cute but I was still hungry... Then the maître d' returns... Oh I'm sorry they had desert but ordered another round of drinks.  Ok I understand that's out of her control and that was the attitude she had.  She could have been more apologetic or at least offered us refreshments.  She couldn't care less and went back to hanging out with her friends.  I would've much more appreciated an honest answer that she couldn't accommodate us tonight or it would be an hour and a half wait. By the time we sat down it was 10.  At that point who wants to eat heavy Italian food really?  I wish she had given me a better estimate because I felt like an idiot for trusting her.  And she is the face of the restaurant overall. Off to an unpleasant start.  (I feel bad for waiters who have to serve food to customers who go through this bullshit because their generosity is already depleted at that point $$$). Then the meal and service. Waiter doesn't clear the table before the dish comes so everything is a mess and doesn't fit on the table. Next he clears the table with out asking if were finished with our plates... Food. Pasta itself was good but the sauce it came in was bad.  The rage was dry and the meat in it was chunky in a weird way. Maybe they slacked off and used left overs? On the way out the maître d' was hanging out at the bar. I have to say it was a terrible experience and I'm still angry even after a day.  Very unprofessional.  No respect for customers or for fine dining. Osteria Morini, I expected so much more and am very disappointed. Do you want to make good food and be a top notch restaurant or are you happy being a one night stand and just in it for the money? Hire some professionals who want to be in the restaurant industry and want to work.  If your service detoriates because you have too many customers, don't take anymore. Be honest to yourself and the customers. No one wants to write a bad review, we all want to praise and celebrate your fine dining experience which overwhelming this wasn't.
