AHAHAHAH OK OK. Can I tell you please how this was one of the most satisfying meals I have ever had in NYC? Go here ... you actually don't need to read this review. SO just go. But for you people that like to read a little. I will write. I convinced my friend to head down to Canal street to run an errand. I needed cash. He had it. I owed him. We chose noodles as payback. Best payback ever. After walking around and working up a sufficiently desperate appetite, I was led here. I ordered some dumplings for my friend and I + a chicken noodle bowl and a beef noodle bowl. As we waited for the food I looked around the space. Let me start by saying the inside is small, not cramped, but this is not a Michelin rated joint. Or at least don't expect it to look like one. It is a hole in the wall ... like literally ... you walk into the side of a building sideways to get in the door. There are few strong smells of goodness. But what you do see is a man in the kitchen hand-pulling noodles as if his life depended on it. First star - check. Atmosphere accomplished. I came here for the down and dirty Chinatown fare. Not a $300 bill. Tea came next. Tasty for a hole in the wall. Then as we tried to figure out what sauces were in each unmarked bottle, the dumplings arrived. Hot and slightly crisp, I've had better; but we came for noodles so whatever. The normal serving is 8 dumplings ... we somehow got a plate of 10. Star number 2 ... check. Only ma and pa joints have the balls to be in the kitchen and say ... "awww fuck it ... just put the extra two we made on there so we don't have to worry about it". I mean they probably said it in Chinese, but you get the point. We were almost done with the dumplings when the steaming hot bowls of noodles in soup were brought out. Pour on the Sriracha, stir, chopsticks to mouth, savor, burn tongue, weep with joy. This is what I'm talking about. I'm not sure if It was because I was that hungry, with my good buddy, or if I was just in the mood ... but that first bite sold me forever. Noodles were perfectly tender, not a chewy piece of chicken to be had, and pretty delicious little nasty bits floating around. That's the good stuff ... ask Tony Bourdain about it sometime if you get the chance. I finished half of the bowl within 5 minutes. At this point we are both at the bursting point. My friend looks at me. I'm no pussy. I'm doing it. I'm not wasting ANYTHING. I eat the last dumpling. Pour on more Sriracha and drink the remaining broth over three minutes. Wash it down with tea. I really can't move at this point but I don't care since I'm so fucking happy. Ahhh happy ... star number 3 ... earned. The bill comes out fast ... err wait ... it was so fast I forgot about it. I paid it while I was drinking the broth. That's damn good service. And a staff that is friendly as hell. Star number four thank you. So we walk out grinning from ear to ear ... talking about how full of goodness we are. And I know that this meal will last as in ... OK ... if you are a dude ... you know when you have to go right? The hand is on the wall ... and you are just going for empty. It's a guy thing OK. And I don't mean one of those you held it during the movie and now its time to go things. This was far more legit. After all that broth ... and tea ... and whatever ... I enjoyed two minutes of heaven when I got home. Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles ... they keep giving and giving. Is that five stars? Ya it is. Go here ... don't expect some crazy Ferran Adrià shit, or some extravagant meal at Masa. If you want that, go spend the $800. Instead, just expect a super legit hole in the wall place that is going to be satisfying as hell. For me I just don't want to care sometimes, be satisfied, and walk out with a stomach full of longevity. This is it. Total damage for me and my friend was a "are you kidding me" $17 ... If this place was near my house ... it would be over. Foursquare mayor for sure. You better believe it.
