Think of the worse service your've every had a chinese restaurant, and then multiply that by 100 - that is how extrodinarily crappy the service was at grimladis.  I would give this place no stars if I could; the only reason I came here was because the bf wanted to come before they had to move locations.   To sum it up: horrendous, worst ever service and their pizza is not all that.  Total tourist trap and you will be disappointed that the pizza is nothing special.  NEVER AGAIN, NO MATTER WHERE THEY END UP MOVING. Here is a brief recap of my experience: - Wait on line for a hour.  Read and re-read the signs on the variety shop next door advertising chair rentals for $3 and cold drinks for $2.  Seriously tacky... - Get seated, no one comes over to our table for 10 mins, while customers seated after us get attended to right away.  A few waiters make eye contact, but continue to ignore us - Can't take it anymore and say "excuse me" to a waiter that just finished taking someone else's (who was seated after us) order, and ask if we can order.  The chubby mexican waiter gives me a nod, but doesn't come over.  So is a nod the restaurant sign language equivalent of "Whatever"?  Needless to say, he never comes back to take my order - Finally get a different waiter to come over, skinny, pale white guy with dirty blonde hair and glasses.  He somehow takes our order without saying more than 5 words to us.  No explanation for the wait. - Pizza comes very quickly.  My anger is intensified by the extremely chewy crust/bread that is making my jaw hurt.  Ingredients are fresh, dough is too chewy, burnt crust is yuck.  Why did I wait an hour to come here? - Flagged down a different waiter to get our check so we can get out of this hellhole.   But he forgets and goes clears tables for another 5 mins so we have to remind him again. - Check comes, they charge tax, oh and they round up your tax to the nearest dollar.  Is this even legal?  They are already cash only and overcharging for pizza.  Talk about IRS sketchy.   BBB should look into this. - I make sure my bf does not tip.   - We get out of there and my anger subsides slowly, but my jaw still hurts from the burnt, chewy dough.   Don't go here.  seriously... there are so many other awesome pizza places.   When you read other reviews on how this is a total overpriced pizza, rude service, tourist trap - well, just believe them.  I wish I did.... I don't mind no frills service, but this was just totally rude service.  This place ruined my night
