So I took the family out tonight to the new Tunxis Grill.  While this place was open, the dining room on the bar side was not finished, with only one booth being complete.  The other booths were still plywood and were not covered with any materials. Service was friendly although we did find ourselves waiting for things like waiting for refills a few times.  We started by ordering an appitizer then our meals.  The salad was a spring mix salad with rye croutons.  For me I would rather have my salad with iceberg lettuce and garlic croutons as I am not a fan of Spring Mix or Rye bread.  But the others at the table liked the Salads. The brought us out bread and some interesting cinnamon butter, but didn't give us any plate to put the bread on.  We needed to ask for plates.  The bread was good, the cinnamon butter  was hit or miss with our crew, some liked it while others wanted regular butter. We were disappointed when our dinners came out and we didn't get our appetizer.  We asked where our Appetizer was and they said they would go check, we told them not to bring it now since our dinners were out.  They didn't even apologize for forgetting the appetizer, but later on the waiter came over and said they removed the appetizer from our bill. The food was hit and miss too...  I had the Sheppard's Pie and looking at it, it looked strange, the mashed potatoes had a granular crust on it which looked weird, others at the table commented on this.  It tasted ok, although I dont think the provolone cheese on top helped things in fact it made it taste sour.  When my wife makes it she puts cheddar cheese on top.  The portion was huge, but for $14 it should have been.  I only ate about 30% of it until I was full.    I hate to say it but I was full... but not satisfied. My wife had the Chicken Club and she LOVED it.  It looked good and she said it tasted as good as it looked.  My father had a Mashed Potato Pizza, he said it was different but it was missing something.  But with that he almost finished his entire small pizza.  Others at the table either liked their meals or said it was just ok. During the meal the waitress came and checked on us a few times.  A few of us had empty drink glasses,  instead of her asking if we wanted refills we had to ask for them.   I guess this place does not do desserts as after the mail we were not asked if we would like something for desert, instead we were only asked if we wanted the check.  For dinner time it was not busy, there were 5 people sitting at the bar and then us in the only finished booth. (I could not see in the other room to see how busy it was in there.) After dinner I surveyed everyone from our party and asked them to give it from 1 to 5 stars.  3 gave it a 3 stars and 3 gave it 4 stars.  So I guess overall its a 3.5 stars out of 5 rating from us. Will we go back?  The answer is yes, but for me everything needs to be a little better to make it stand out and make me want to go again.
