This was by far the greatest experience I had ever had in a restaurant.  Not only was the food perfectly prepared, but the service was above and beyond.   My wife had brought my for my birthday and we had planned our trip to Brooklyn around eating here.  We arrived early and enjoyed a few drinks on the rooftop deck which has great ambiance.  The drink prices were inline for NY and the though the drink menu is limited upstairs, the addition of the Orleans Slushie made up for that. It was a warm day in Brooklyn so the slushie was the perfect relief for the heat.   When we arrived to eat in the dinning room, we received perfect service and everything we ordered was explained to us and then brought out one plate at a time.  We started off with the Broccoli which paired the heat from the chili and the subtle malt vinegar flavor perfectly and it was a fresh take on boring old broccoli.   Next we went onto the Grilled Shishitos, which while we weren't sure what we getting into we were very excited once we had them in front of us.  Again there was the perfect blend of heat and flavor on the shishitos and the portion was again perfect for two.   The third plate we shared was the Pickled Mussels. We were both intrigued into how this would taste as we had not had mussels prepared like this before.  The flavor again was again perfect and the proportions great for sharing.   Finally we rounded out our parade of shared dinner plates with the Hanger Steak and Mad Onions.  The steak was perfectly cooked and the being cooked over the wood-fire grill gave it a distinct flavor that pared perfectly with the "mad onions." The onions which are a variety of onions prepared in different ways, give the steak a perfect group of companions. After those four dishes we weren't overly full and had we not had tickets to see a show in the city, we could have stayed their for hours trying everything on the menu.  But we did squeeze in one final dish from the "Sweet" section of the menu.  We had the Sticky Toffee Pudding with ice cream.   Again the flavor was perfect and the proportions were perfect to share. To top off the night, I was able to meet Ilan Hall who was not only very polite but you could tell that the positive energy that the staff had starts with him.   If you are in Brooklyn or even just a subway ride away from Brooklyn I would highly recommend that you stop by The Gorbals. You could either sit on the rooftop deck of grab a romantic dinner. While you might feel a bit weird eating in a restaurant in the middle of an Urban Outfitters, do not judge this book by the cover. As soon as you sit down you will forget that you are in the middle of New York and you will feel welcomed by this great staff and served the best food in NY.
