Yes, the food is delicious. Yes, the wait can be 2-2.5 hours. No, it is NOT ok to tell us to be back at 11 'in case something frees up earlier', IF the wait might be another 1-1.5 hrs and we're going to be waiting outside or 'in the area'. ESPECIALLY IF after you've texted us, you give us 10 mins to return - only to tell us, as the last of our party of 4 is 5 mins away that if they don't arrive in 2 mins that you're going to HAVE TO GIVE OUT TABLE AWAY because YOU'VE already bent the rules as much as you can for us by giving us 15 mins to come claim our table, after we've already been waiting 1.5 hours? And then, EXPECT US TO BE CHEERFUL (?) when we offer to order for our 4th person, so as to make the most of the TIME we've been "allotted" to eat (because don't expect to enjoy your meal at your own pace without someone giving you a hint that if you're finished eating that you should get going) --- that you're sorry, but that you don't make the rules... How do you expect a customer to respond, especially since  they had the courtesy to drop in a few days earlier just to ask you when they should come by Sunday morning to add their number to the queue in order to be seated around 11:30? Only to have this happen? and then having the cheque dropped on the table after it's been cleared, without being asked if we wanted to have the Apple Crumble Pie we asked to have set aside when we walked in? and then for it to be served with the Pecan Pie - COLD and without the whipped cream that it usually has? You can speak as politely as you want (as the hostess reminded us that she was being) and tell your customers who've been waiting patiently for over an hour or two that you "don't make the rules", but it's no excuse for not having any common sense - think before you speak. Review the rules you didn't make. I COULD HAVE EASILY HAVE CHANGED MY RESERVATION TO THREE PEOPLE ON THE SPOT (as there were 3 out of our party of 4 already there) - WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE DONE THEN? NOT seated us at the 4 person table that you would have HAD to seat us at? GREAT JOB at making your customers feel welcome, that you understand that the wait has been long .... etc etc. By telling them that you're going to give their table away after they've been waiting patiently and offered to help you be efficient in your TIME and MONEY calculations. Yea, I get it - time and money. But get a clue. Be reasonable. *  if you're wondering what THE RULES are? They're posted at the wait desk, as our "polite" hostess pointed out to us - and there's a few lines 'About the Wait' on the website here clintonstreetbaking.com/…  Good Luck. * just read some other negative reviews, and thought that I might add, that I too have been here a few times (and YES, as I started with in this review, the food is tasty), BUT that there are PLENTY of other great food establishments to support over the BS customer service you get here. I will NO LONGER be supporting this establishment and warning people of their completely uncalled for attitude. * and one more thing - since this review is already way too long - you have a location in Tokyo? I'd like to see you swing this attitude there. * I love Yelp, and have been considering writing reviews for a long time - it's just really too bad that this is what finally prompted me to join. I just couldn't let this go.
