In the immortal words of Howard Jones, things can only get better. I went to Fare on it's second night. Hardly fair the review it harshly since they are were so receptive to feedback. Super friendly staff and attentive. Food was somewhat on the low sodium side. Great for the hypertensive but I think some of the dishes could have used more pizazz. Prices seem reasonable considering the food is organic, fresh and the portions ample. Would have liked to see the farms and food sources on the menu...unless I missed it somewhere. I liked the yellow + blue malbec...and the free fizzy water! No bottled water here. Hooray for their efforts in serving food and beverage that is organic, local, sustainable, and well, practical! Still or sparkling tap water just makes sense! We enjoyed the 'braised leeks and fennel, nicoise olives, goat cheese' and the 'lentils, potatoes, peas, raisins in red wine tomato sauce'. Both were hearty but the former needed more pizazz (herbs? salt?) and they both needed more crostini (of which they happily accommodated). We shared the whole-y mackerel (sorry, couldn't resist).  I'm thankful my husband has the skills and the balls to filet his own fish because I alone would have needed server assistance.  I thought it was cute that our server gave us an early warning that the whole fish would, in fact have a head on it. Yes, for those of you weak in the stomach or who care to avoid knowing that your food had a face, your whole mackerel will come with head, tail and bones attached. And it will be delicious and cooked perfectly. Well, ours was. Would definitely get it again. Also enjoyed the sweet potato semifreddo with oranges. Interesting textures and flavor combo that I didn't expect for Spring. Ambiance is modern and clean. Lots of eco-friendliness going on. Boy, do they have guts in putting such plush (recycled) carpeting in a restaurant, if you ask me! A great addition to the conscious consumer's list of decent places to grab a healthy and fresh meal or a good glass of organic wine in Center City.
