I've found that with most restaurants, "spicy" generally means a mild to medium kick, with an air of danger added to entice people to order it.  Larb Ubol doesn't take that route.  The word "spicy" appears in the menu in phrases like "with spicy curry paste" as though there will be a hint of spice.  Take my word for it - if the word "spicy" appears on this menu you're f**ked.   The downside to this place is the extremes.  On one extreme you have highly flavorful but crazy hot dishes, and on the other end you have kind of dull, flat dishes.  If you're going to go here, go for the pain, and suck it up in the morning. I'll give a breakdown of what we all tried, and forgive me for not using the original names, but the online menu is a GIF with a tiny font.  We all ordered our own dishes and shared a bit. * Sauteed morning glory with crispy pork and chili - this was the first thing we tried.  The pork was incredibly crispy and very flavorful.  The crispiness was very impressive.  The rest of the dish was also very flavorful.  The heat level was pretty high, so watch out. * Grilled chicken with a garlic, pepper & lime dip - this was OK, but lacking flavor.  Somewhat disappointing.  Also, and this is a personal bias, there was too much white meat, which was dry. * Grilled chicken liver with tamarind dipping sauce - the grill imparted a nice bit of smokiness to the liver, and the tamarind sauce paired well with it.   * Pad Thai - something about this was just not right.  There seemed to be too much fish sauce, not enough lime, and definitely not enough peanuts.  It was just very dull. * Frog legs with spicy basil sauce - WOW this was tasty.  The texture of the frog was spot on perfect, and the spice level was just about right. * Chicken with a spicy red curry - I don't recall which this was, and I didn't try it.  From what I hear, it was delicious but viciously spicy. * Catfish, thai eggplant and basil in spicy curry paste - this was the dish I ordered for myself.  As a meat eater I have to say I would have been happier with the vegetarian version of this, skipping the catfish.  When I think catfish I think fillets.  This was not like that at all.  The catfish was comprised of 1-2 inch diameter cross section cuts roughly 1 inch thick, and yes, with the spine in the middle, and all bones intact.   If you don't mind deboning tiny pieces of fish while your internal organs are on fire then by all means, order this.  The veggies were truly delicious, and I found myself putting in minimal effort on the fish (it did die for my meal) and primarily going for the vegetables. As others have pointed out, there really isn't much in the way of decor.  This is a good thing.  There are too many restaurants that spend way too long thinking about wall decorations and not nearly enough time on their actual product.  I really hope that they save enough money from not decorating in order to get a liquor license.  I really could have used a drink to take the edge off the burn!
