A&W Steakhouse, I wanted to write a good review but I just can't. My friend and I browsed the Hudson Restaurant Week (HRW) options this past Saturday and landed here because of their great deal. It was a 3 course meal (with a filet mignon entree option) for $30. We arrived around 7:15 and left 2.5 hours later. Having eaten only two courses. The bartender seemed to be doubling as the server. He was trying hard to balance the bar & all the tables. He was super nice and funny but that can only offset the long waiting time so much. The manager (I think?) later came out to help with the tables and offered his apologies for the long wait as well. He explained that they were overwhelmed with the HRW response. He even had to turn people away. Mind you the restaurant was probably only half full. I started with the calamari (which arrived an hour after we ordered). The calamari was fresh and tasty but I think it was a little heavy on breading. It was served with a sweet and spicy chili sauce which worked but tasted pretty generic like it was out of a bottle. For the entree, I went with the filet mignon. When it's offered on a prix fixe menu, how could you not choose it?! I ordered it medium and it arrived a slightly overcooked but it was still tender. The char on the steak was also a bit much for me. There wasn't a ton of flavor but luckily it came with a port reduction sauce. That and the fact that it's a good cut of meat made the dish. We both ordered the dulce de leche cheesecake but got it to go (we were pretty antsy to leave as you can imagine). I had it later that night and it was such a let down. Lacking in flavor as well. As we patiently (and then impatiently) waited for our food, we were hoping that it would be so delicious it would make us forget how long we had waited. Unfortunately, A&W did not come through. I don't venture out to Bayonne very often but I would be willing give them another shot since other Yelpers seemed to have a good experience. I'm hoping my poor experience can be attributed to their lack of preparedness for HRW. I hope to update my review with more stars if and when I make it back here!
