Dining Date: 8/17/ 2010 Dining Time: 12:30pm Reason for Dining: Business Lunch Service: Accomodating and attentive waiter.  We had to ask for butter twice before he actually brought it.  But he was very knowledgeable on the dishes and portion sizes. Number of Diners: 5 Food: Appetizers - Two orders of Smoked Mozzarella & Ricotta Fritters which comes with fried zucchini & spicy tomato sauce. The zucchini were very small and was bread zucchinni strip, which  I didn't care for becuse I felt like I was eating a breadstick.  The fritters were FANTASTIC.  The outside had a slight sweet crunch with the inside that had a chunky but smooth yet not stringing texture. The taste was sweet with a slight tartiness from the ricotta. DELICIOUS!   Entree -Some entree has the option for a smaller appetizer size or a full entree portion. The appetizer portion is okay if you want something like but the regular portion is quite hefty (Restaurant Chain portion sizes, which can definitely serve two meals) I chose the salad - NICOISE SEARED TUNA haricots verts, potatoes, eggs & anchovy mixed with red wine vinaigrette. The eggs weren't diced but they were hard boiled eggs cut in half and potatoes were boiled and cut into quarters, both lined the outer edge of the plate with a pile of greens were in the middle of the plate with a small portion of tuna, 3 anchovies yet a generous portion of olives. The greens were fresh but they replaced haricots verts (French green beans) with olives which made the dish too salty for my taste since they had anchovies as well. Other entrees orders - GRILLED SKIRT STEAK SALAD gorgonzola, roasted peppers & watercress chimichurri vinaigrette; PORK CONFIT SANDWICH red onion, hot cherry peppers & arugula ciabatta which comes with a side of greens; GRILLED OCTOPUS zucchini, orange, saffron orzo & radicchio; GRILLED PORTOBELLO steak which came with greens and fries.   OVERALL: Everyone raved about their meals. I finished my plate (full portion size) since it was mostly greens and I was filled but I wasn't stuffed plus I left a lot of the olives on the plate.  If I had remembered exactly what the ingredients were, I would've sent the salad back and asked for another because my plate was salty. KEY TAKE AWAY:  Remember what is in your dish and GET THE FRITTERS!
