For my 600th review, I have opted to skip a few New York joints on my recent east coast trip and flash forward over to my super fun and freakin' fantastic Philadelphia food experience at Fogo de Chao. This is a Brazilian steakhouse that is made for people with huge appetites and zero remorse for eating animals. So with that said, my uncle took my dad and I here for my dad's birthday. For $55 person, before tax & tip, you get this: 1) A trip to an amazing salad bar that features all kinds of good stuff, namely aged cheese, shitake mushrooms, and some of the best asparaghus you will ever have. But don't spend too much time here as you will not have enough room in your stomach for part 2. 2) An all you can eat meat extravaganza. Flip over your card from "red" to "green" and the meat cutter server guys start to come by with all kinds of Brazilian style meats, such as picanha (top sirlion), bacon wrapped filet mignon (amazing), and the orgasm inducing, beef ancho (prime of rib eye). FDC also features killer fraldihna (bottom sirloin), yummy costela (ribs), super excellent and fresh cordero (lamb), very juicy and savory frango (chicken), tasty costella de porco , exceptional lombo (pork loin), and above average linguica (sausage). If you are a first timer, I suggest asking the servers for small cuts so you can figure out what you like most and request more later. My favorites were the picanha, bacan wrapped filet mignon, beef ancho, cordero, and frango. 3) Tasty side dishes like garlic mashed potatoes, buttery bread, and caramalized bananas 4) You also receive spectacular service. The guys working that night were friendly, fast, and efficient. One server said: "Hey, when you aren't taking orders, you have no excuse for screw ups." Also, the guys are very attentive. I think they heard me say, "happy birthday" to my dad when we first started eating and at the end of the meal, the guys presented my dad with an amazing flan that was on the house. 5) A smile on everyone's face after dinner as they rub their bellies. So if you have a huge appetite, and are looking for a wonderful meat eating experience, you should head to Fogo de Chao, which has several locations across the United States and Brazil. Now if only they would open one up in the Bay Area!
