UPDATE: I wrote my first review (below) about a year and a half ago. I decided it was finally time to revisit an old staple. This evening I opted for some new things and was pleasantly surprised. -The chicken samosas are delicious- like insanely so, but I knew that. -Lamb saag (Lamb with spinach), just barely a hint of spice and not overly savory as can often be the case with this dish. (I will def. order this again) -Goat jalfreeze was spicier but not what I would call spicy. The vegetables (pepper and onions) were cooked to a satisfying crunch -Peshwari Naan wasn't the absolute best but pretty good in comparison to others I've had over the years in NYC. Given tonight's performance I'm going to up my overall rating from 3 stars to 4. Come on Gandhi- keep up the good work! In a city like NYC it's hard to make a restaurant work. It's even harder if your restaurant falls within one of the popular ethnic genres. Such is the downfall of Gandhi. Don't get me wrong, I live literally around the block and let's be real- there are not a lot of Indian (as in Southeast Asian) restaurants in Flatbush. Nevertheless, it's still NYC and I expect Indian food to be better than good here. So with that said. The food IS good...but great? Seriously people, it's not great. As I said I live right around the block so I have the advantage of writing a review based on multiple experiences. Allow me to share both the highs and lows of this establishment. Dining in. As many people have mentioned, very nice. Not so much because of the atmosphere (which is neither here nor there) but because of the service and hospitality. The owners are there all the time and they are truly wonderful people and very accommodating. The food. -If there is ONE thing that can be said to be awesome it is the chicken samosas. Seriously AWESOME. -The lamb biriyani is overall a little dry, they are sparse with the cilantro, nuts, etc. and the lamb could use some more succulence. -The chicken tika masala as other reviewers have noted is slightly off, the sauce is too thin and not quite as savory as it should be, also the chicken is a tad overcooked. -The nan- well this really depends on whether you're eating there or ordering in. When ordering in you can't expect too much, the steam is naturally going to soften the bread and make it a little rubbery I would suggest eating at the restaurant if your primary draw is the naan. The garlic naan is probably their best offering. -The lunch specials: I have ordered the curry shrimp lump special. Again not bad but not great. The curry sauce was medium flavored, personally I would have like more kick. Though at 8.95 I think the special should come with at least 6-8 shrimp (they are normal medium size) rather than 5 shrimps swimming in a cup and a half of sauce. If there is an upside to the lunch special, at least I can save the sauce to cook something else in. -The rice pudding is also good, though lacking in either cinnamon or cardamon flavor. -The gulab jamun should be softer. -Mango lassi is standard and enjoyable. The extras. They are generous with condiments, for some this may be a draw. Delivery is usually quick. Overall: If you're not an Indian food aficionado this place will more that satisfy your hunger cravings and taste requirements. If however, your palate has become used to a certain standard, as has mine living in this fine city Gandhi might come up dissappointing you. (Which is in fact not what you might expect from Gandhi...bad pun...couldn't help it)
