The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the beautiful chandelier suspended in the middle of the restaurant. It was very sparkley. We had 10 people in our party and we were fitted on 2 long tables and it still felt kind of squishy. PROS: - PAD THAI (entree)- pretty good. very flavorful and I liked the fact that they put seafood in the mix. I loved the mussels. Platter was kind of big. - LYCHEE SIAMESE DUCK (entree) - I had a bunch of lychees in this dish and boy was it good. unfortunately my friend who ordered the same thing only had 2 lychees in her dish so I guess it really depends on luck. Duck was delish but I found it was nothing special. Basically its the same Roast Duck that you can find in chinatown except its sliced in thinner pieces. I am not a fan of bell peppers but dish is overall pretty good. - COCONUT CALAMARI (Appetizer) - unfortunately, I didn't taste the coconut in the calamari but the sauce that came along with it was great. A little sour, sweet and spicy. Overall it's something good to try but nothing special. (SOSO) CONS: - SUMMER AVOCADO ROLL (Appetizer) - this tasted exactly like viet restaurants' summer roll. you can barely taste the avocado in it because the (ho sien: seafood) sauce was overpowering. Nothing exciting. SERVICE: 2 STARS - you are wondering why right? the waiter (guy) was exceptionally good at taking down our orders. then came the guy (#2)  that gave us our food. some of us hadn't noticed the drink menu and decided that we wanted to order some drinks as well. I asked for a drink menu and guy #2 never got back to us. There are some points they made up for in which they constantly refilled our glasses with water. - problem was near the end of the meal when the waitress asked if she could take my chair and I never said yes and she still took it. The thing was, we were taking group pictures so we all shifted our chairs to get in the picture and she assumed that no one was using the chair so she pulled the chair and put it with another table. I thought that a little rude of her. And this place was called ROOM SERVICE. Yeah Okay. Not the service I expected.
