Excellent food; generally absurd service/utter chaos I've been here a few times now - twice for Lavazza iced coffee (meh), once for gelato (excellent, but overpriced) and once for dinner (incredibly good).  This review mostly deals with the dinner: We ate at the vegetable restaurant.  Getting seated was a bit of a trainwreck.  The two hostesses looked terrified - like deer in headlights - and it wasn't even particularly crowded.  We were first in line for a table, and were told it would be a few minutes.  This turned out to be true, but those few minutes were spend standing off to the side while other people came up and left their names.  We asked if we should do that as well and were told to just stand where we could be seen.  This all felt like some kind of cringe-worthy improv comedy hour.  Perhaps a list of names would make more sense? Once seated, our waitress turned out to be basically a brainstem with an apron - truly, one of the dumbest people I've dealt with in a while.  Through the course of the evening she managed to: - forget to bring olive oil twice (after suggesting it herself) - serve the wrong wine - leave both menus after we ordered, then come back to ask if we wanted to keep them, then come back for one, then later come back for the other - refill a half-full glass of sparkling water ($) with tap water - tell us that the grain we asked about was fennel which, to her credit, actually was on the plate, but is a vegetable.  (The grain in question turned out to be farro.) - say "like."  A lot. Some cleaning person came around to sweep floors, and seemed determined to sweep my foot into a dustpan.  Perhaps it looked like a dropped prosciutto.  I understand that in a place this busy, cleaning needs to happen during business hours.  But please don't touch me with your broom while I'm eating. Also, pricing is kind of all over the map.  Our dinners/salad/wines were completely reasonable.  The 2-bite tiramisu, however, was excellent, but requires a second mortgage. As mentioned, the food was all exceptional - really, really good.  It's just a shame that there's such a weird disparity between the actual eating and the stuff around the eating. I cut them some slack because they've been open for about two weeks.  But it seems strange that they'd put so much effort into getting the food right and so little into getting the experience into the same ballpark. Regardless, I look forward to trying it again.
