Meh.  This would be a two star rating if it wasn't for our very nice waiter and a certain je ne sais quoi (maybe my fondness for good tequila) that made it inexplicably appealing. I wanted to love this place.  I really did.  I love Oaxacan food.  I love Mexican food.  I love tequila.  I did not love Oaxaca Kitchen.  From the signs on the wall in the main room, I would quess that this is a "concept" restaurant, where the owner decided he wanted to open a new restaurant, researched a theme, and came up with Oaxacan food.  Unfortunately, it just doesn't quite work.   Pros:   The building is nice, with cute wooden tables and iron details.  Very pleasant server.  Uncrowded at 5pm on a Friday.  Decent queso flameado.  I was happily surprised by the extensive tequila and mescal list.  The espresso at the end of the meal was excellent. Cons:   The moles on the menu were very limited, which seems odd for a Oaxacan restaurant, since mole is really the defining element of Oaxacan cuisine  The queso flameado, an interior Mexican restaurant staple, was good but certainly not a stand out.  The pozole, instead of being the $8 slow-food masterpeice thatI've found all over Texas and Mexico, was $20 of bland, slightly tough pork stew.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't pozole.  I expect pozole to have melt in your mouth slow cooked pork (or, since this was supposedly a Oaxacan themed dish, chicken), tender hominy, and a large assortment of shredded cabbage, radish, onion, cilantro and lime.  This was cubes of  quick-cooked  pork and hominy in a fairly plain broth, with a small bowl of iceburg lettuce and chopped onion on the side.  No bueno.   The margaritas:  I tried some type of jalapeño infused tequila margarita, which was nice and spices, but way to sweet.  For our second round asked our very nice waiter for a less sweet margarita, and he came back with what can only be described as lime juice.  When I explained this he listened attentively and returned with another margarita which was somewhat better, but just not quite right--with so much good tequila, why add so much simple syrup?   Gold star for trying to get it right, but in the future I will just stick to the straight tequilas and mescal list. Overall, the food was bland, and the service, while very friendly, was pretty slow for an empty restaurant.  At one point we had to get up and walk around to find someone to order a beer.  But there was something about Oaxaca Kitchen that I liked in spite of all this, and I will likely go back if I'm in New Haven and in the mood for tequila and queso blanco flameado.
