I liked this place... a lot. But my biggest peeve is that the wine is so darned expensive!! After viewing the food menu, I was a bit confused as to why it got "$$$". Now I see. The cheapest bottle was $32. One of the highest bottles I saw was $195. Most seemed to average somewhere between $42 and $58. I usually like to go for bottles between $20 and $45, the latter being only for special occasions. So after talking to our waiter about suggestions, we opted to go for one that was all the way in the front... w/ the wines by the glass. Chose the Celtus 2006 (a blend of cabernet, shiraz and tempranillo) and ended up happy. It was smooth and light, like sliding down a slide made of chocolate. (I'm sure the rest were quite amazing, but as far as I'm concerned, you don't have to clean your pockets to have a nice glass of wine). As for the food, the lamb skewers are to die for!! I think I could've eaten them as the bulk of my meal, and in massive quantities. They were so yummy and tender and flavorful!!! If you like lamb, you MUST try them!! The patatas bravas were good too. Potatoes were nice and crispy and the sauce that was drizzled on top was spicy w/o being too spicy, and covered w/o being drenched. We also had the tortilla espanola. It was good. I know how to make it. I normally wouldn't order it but since my boyfriend isn't a big fan of fried foods, it was one of the only other plates that we could find that was filling w/o being fried. Only strange plate we had was the chorizo w/ chocolate. This was funny b/c it was the only thing that I definitely wanted to try. The plate consisted of a small piece of toast, w/ a liquid chocolate spread on top, 2 pieces of dried chorizo on top of that and then a dash of sea salt. At first glance, I was amused. At first taste, I was perplexed. The combination of flavors was extremely unique. I would recommend to try it, but not as your last dish as it was ours. It was a weird dish to finish off your meal... Anyway, if you want to try it, I say GO! Only note: the place is super small but they take reservations. I would highly recommend a reservation.
