I'd like to recommend this restaurant for its wonderful food, as well as for its kindness and courtesy to patrons. Some of you might have read my yelp review of Ah'Pizz, which failed to honor our 25-person reservation last night. Palazzo was the wonderful restaurant that took in what remained of our disappointed party--20 very hungry and very cold people with a last-minute reservation at almost 9:30 on a Friday night. We were greeted warmly upon arriving at the restaurant and were told our table was being put together; indeed, we saw people putting tables together and laying down linens for us. There was some live jazz playing while we waited, and although the restaurant was bustling with patrons and busy waiters, no one made an issue of having to navigate around us, even though we clearly were cutting off usual pathways for the waitstaff. The management put together two large tables for our party, and we spent the rest of the night with good friends and excellent food. I was delighted with my wild mushroom soup, a special appetizer that evening. For my main, I ordered the black linguine with seafood, and I greatly appreciated the quality and freshness of the clams, mussels, shrimp, and calamari rings. And, the marinara sauce was delicious. For dessert, it was the homemade tiramisu, which clearly was freshly cut from a traditional large pan--a refreshing change from the mass-produced "tiramisu" served in a plastic individual containers that most restaurants serve nowadays. Everyone else at the table enjoyed our meal; all the dishes were freshly prepared and tasted great. The ambiance was nice, too, especially with the live music. And, of course, I cannot say enough about the management and waitstaff. Aside from generously accommodating a large party with only 10 minutes' advance notice, they were extremely kind, friendly, and attentive throughout the whole evening. Since we arrived late, we of course finished our meal and left late, but no one rushed us or gave us dirty looks for being there so close to closing time. After being so rudely treated earlier in the evening, it was heartwarming to find an establishment that still believes in treating its customers as if they are happy to have them dine there.   Thank you, Palazzo, for saving our evening and giving my friend (and all of us!) a delicious birthday dinner. I look forward to visiting you again.
