A couple weeks ago, I was feeling lazy and decided to order dinner using Seamless. When I did my search, I noticed a restaurant I'd never seen before, called nosh Borough. Biscuits and gravy? Brisket?? Brussels sprouts with bacon??? And those are only the B's...! I was ready to commit, but I didn't want to get my heart broken, which is why I checked the place out on Yelp. I'm so glad I did! Wow, what a lot of 5 star reviews. By the time I read a dozen or so reviews, I was salivating. So, change of plans: I headed out the door and walked over to check it out in person. It was only about 6:00 on a Saturday night, so it wasn't terribly busy. I ordered the roast chicken with french fries and a biscuit. What a carbfest! I also ordered a side of gravy so my biscuit wouldn't be lonesome.   I make a very good roast chicken, and I always brine the bird for 24 hours or so. According to the menu, they brine theirs for 2 days. Like the song says, "What a difference a day makes".... Man oh man that bird was succulent! I'm particular about my fries, and theirs were perfect -- combining the 2 characteristics I like most. First, they are made from lovely unpeeled potatoes, and 2nd, they were beautifully brown and crispy. I have had the worst luck with biscuits and gravy in the 31 years I've lived in NYC. They're either made by people who want to gussy them up so much they have no relationship to the real thing, or they're just made carelessly by people who don't give a crap -- hard, dry, flavorless biscuits and gravy made of gristle and library paste. The biscuits and the sausage gravy were superb. They were quite obviously made with care by someone who has eaten plenty of them in their natural habitat (a long way south and west of NYC). The biscuit was tender and flaky, but substantial enough to hold up to the delicious gravy. I had to take a picture to email my mother in Texas. The owners are so kind and personable. They are incredibly hospitable, and eating there feels like having dinner at a friend's house. I told Jinhee I was emailing my mother in Texas a pic of the biscuit and gravy, and she told me Johnny was from Texas. My mother lives in a tiny little town literally in the middle of nowhere, and no one I've met from Texas has any idea where it is. It turns out Johnny knows. I think that bodes well; I see a long line of delicious dinners in my future.
