The food is quite good which is the only reason why i bothered to give it this many stars. Was there last week and while our reservation was for 7:30, we didn't get seated until 8pm, annoying but i can live. Bar area is small, only about 5 seats, the place also gets pretty noisy. I swear my waiter was deaf because ordinarily i talk loud and i needed to repeat everything 2-3 times and louder than normal for him to understand. Service was a bit slow, took us a while to get through dinner but the place was packed so understandable. Venue is versatile, attracts business dinners, theatergoers, families etc. Sangria was too much wine, not enough everything else and my cocktail was terrible (mango something) so i've stayed away from alcohol here And for the food... there is definitely an authenticity factor and it is presented in an elegant manner -bruschetta - not on the menu but they brought it out as a starter compliments from the chef. it was really good, i asked for more and for them to stick it on the menu so i could order it next time -Involtini di melanzane - eggplant stuffed with goat cheese. this was awesome, really recommend it. cheese melts in your mouth. Arugula it was served with wasn't very good (real issue was the dressing) but the rest of the dish is great -Carciofi Ripieni Alla Romana - Artichokes. This is an intricate affair, you'll need to peel one piece off at a time and eat it. i don't recommend this, it also just wasn't very good, too soup like -Caprese Salad- this was a special. Just so-so, i've had better and you probably have too -Bietole E Spinaci - beet salad. Stellar dish, beets + onions + ricotta cheese were a great combo, our whole table loved this -Gnocchi - Solid execution, good size portion -Ravioli - This changes regularly but the one we had was in brown butter sauce -Salmon - big portion of salmon and red pepper puree was fantastic. Mashed potatoes on the side were also tasty, the greens were not -tiramisu - this was so good, we ate it in less than a minute, absolutely order this -Sorbet- great way to finish a meal, trio of sorbet, we had chocolate, hazelnut and vanilla
