There is much better food in the city (particularly along the lines of the haute farm fresh and local), much better execution, and much better atmosphere. I enjoyed the food and the indoor/outdooor space of the former restaurant occupant, Washington Square. I was excited to experience a touch of Talula without the one year waiting list and drive out to the country for Talula's Table. Despite elaborate and inspired menu descriptions, everything I ordered was bland and tasted nothing like its description. The cheese plate appetizer was a standard and set the tone for the meal to follow. None of the cheeses came close to those you can buy from the Talula's Table stand at the Head House Sq. Farmers market or even a cheese plate from Tria. The split pea soup was decent. Because of the extreme contrast between the elaborate description and the limp vinaigrette drenched butter lettuce that appeared in front of me (that I could have produced in my own kitchen with some juice, vinegar and substandard olive oil) I suspect that many of the ingredients were omitted. Upon ordering, the waiter informed me that all ingredients were Celiac safe except the croutons. Perhaps the kitchen took this as license to leave everything off the salad or the ingredients were allegedly blended into the dressing? I declined to say anything. Our waiter, although nice, seemed incredibly stressed and flustered. Everyone working at the restaurant from the hostesses to the bartender gave off a weird vibe. After many high school and college years in food service, I have developed a 6th sense about such matters and thought better than to send anything back to the kitchen. It was what I generally expected of Stephen Starr,  mediocre food at high prices, a signature trait that I had hoped would be tempered by the Talula collaboration. Generally instead of good food, Starr provides atmosphere. I had hoped for much more of a magical-garden-farm oasis-feel tucked away off of Washington Square, particularly considering the perfect space Talula's garden had to work with. Instead the space felt as if they had lost their design enthusiasm somewhere in the middle and stopped. Still, the bill was huge (as I expected) for a meal that was far below my lowest expectations.  I wouldn't be surprised if pre-packaged ingredients from Trader Joe's were a kitchen staple (not that there's anything wrong with that, just not for an average $100 tab for two). For much better farm fresh local food I would suggest Audrey Claire, Noble American Cookery or even Farmicia . . .
