If you have a plane to catch, or a meeting to attend, don't go to Plates et Traditions for lunch; you'll be hours late. This charming restaurant turns what should be a one hour lunch into something at least twice that length. But then again, perhaps that's what makes it so authentic; my Francophile friend who accompanied me says that French lunch hours can last nearly two. And the food seems pretty authentic, even homespun. There are plenty of crepes, but they're not the typical ham/egg/and cheese surrounded by buckwheat. And there are some more unusual dishes, like endive and ham in a bechamel sauce, or homemade fettuccine with walnuts, bacon, cream, and onions. We decided to stuff ourselves. We each started out with a drink (most seem to be under $10 - a stunning deal.) I got Prosecco with peach liqueur, and my friend got one of the most unusual concoctions I've ever tasted: coke, orange slices, and red wine in the same glass. It's not too fizzy, begins with coke, and end with a bite from the wine. Get it. Then came the plate of pasta we decided to share. Homemade, rough-cut fettuccine, which was tender and just the right level of al dente, it was garnished with mussels, shrimp, and a bunch of other goodies in a delightfully savory sauce. We ate the whole thing (the portions are very big.) Then we each had a crepe - how is this possible? Unfortunately for my stomach, I couldn't stop eating one half of each. I ordered the galette filled with goat cheese, figs, rosemary, and honey. My friend got the very savory and salty salmon crepe, which was a pleasant foil for the sweetness of the figs. The mesclun salad served alongside, however, is a throwaway. Tossed in a bland vinaigrette, it tastes more like an obligation that a necessary component on the plate. Naturally, we had to get dessert, which comes in either crepes or ice cream cups. Stuffed to the point of explosion, we decided to share a very classic crepe with creme de marron, or chestnut puree. The crepe came to our adorable little table with little lumps of puree under its thin skin. Breaking into these little pockets was like a kid on Christmas - ecstatic surprise with every bite. The whipped cream on the side looked like it came from the can because of the shape it took on, but we didn't care - it was a perfect accompaniment to the sweet crepe. The check took some time to get to us, but no matter. It was fun just looking around the small room at all of the little knickknacks on the wall, or listening to my friend speak French to the very participatory and friendly owner of the place. As long as you've got time to spare, make a stop over at Havemeyer Street for a bite at this button-nose, rosy-cheeked little spot. Get the wine and coke, the crepes, some pasta, and perhaps a hearty beef stew, and languish in the Frenchness of it all.
