Time of visit: December 29, 2014 @ approx. 10:30pm Deserves no stars because: Disgusting + Terrible Service Gets 1 star because: Yelp doesnt do half -stars and the potato salad saved the night a LITTLE BIT. This review may differ from other positive reviews because of different restaurant servers and time of eating but this is what I experienced. Fellow Yelpers, take this review with care on your next trip there and avoid the circumstances that are similar to ours. I dont like to waste my time writing but I only write if something got way out of hand. This place was one of them...I HAVE TO LET THE PEOPLE KNOW. Went to Morgan's after a Net's game. Initially wanted to get Dino BBQ but upon arriving there, we found out they didn't have any major meat players (brisket, ribs) so we took a chance and trekked to Morgan's feeling that they would have more selection because they close an hour later than Dino..what a MISTAKE. THEY HAD LESS... Manager of Morgan's, if you actually go on Yelp to read about your restaurant, let me begin by saying that by the end of the night, we still did not know who our server was... There were 2 women rotating with service at our table (why?)... We got our water from one woman, got orders taken from another, and was served by the former. That is not even the lowlight of the night. First off, one server was drinking alcohol while on her shift. She was drinking with what seemed to be her friends who were in to visit. Only helped us reluctantly when her FRIENDS POINTED IT OUT. IMAGINE!? EVEN HER FRIENDS HAD MORE OF AN IDEA TO HELP A PATRON. HER FRIENDS SHOULD HAVE TAKEN HOME THE EARNINGS... Second, the other server was a drama queen who was rather rude and would ignore patrons on purpose, pretending not to have seen an outstretched hand asking for assistance. Im not one to bash on people, but that is quite rude that she decided for herself when and whether she would come over and provide help. What was even ruder was she called out the table next to us when they were about to leave with such attitude. She said in a loud voice, "sorry I dont know if you guys know, but we didnt include gratuity.." One of the patrons opened the check holder and showed that they had indeed left the tip. All the server did was say dryly, "thanks." That left such a sour taste in my mouth. How rude do you have to be to do that? Who's doing the hiring in this restaurant? Where was the apology at least? Holy Toledo, maybe the person who hired those ladies has an agenda with the boss.. I dont know, Im just saying. You dont hurt your business like that by hiring people like those 2. That night, Morgan's did not have the main meat players as well. Even when they closed at 12... Ok fine, understandable if all Morgan's does is serve alcohol and whatever but do try to let people know that maybe the kitchen would close at a certain time and not serve the main course meat.. We ended up getting macaroni and cheese with potato salad and a sausage. Here is the food breakdown: Both Mac and Cheese (got the mushroom and chicken with avocado) were warm. Mac and Cheese should be hot and gooey. The cheese should be elastic right? BZZZ wrong. It just detached faster than a retina after an eye gouge.... Even if it is late at night, I expect to get my money's worth of food quality. Do you agree? Dont use closing time as an excuse. If you do, you might as well offer a late night discount. The potato salad was the only good thing, know why? Because it's the ONLY thing that needed to be refrigerated. Meaning you cant really screw it up so long as it is in cold air... I did not forget about the pork sausage. Ready for this? Drier than the desert. Obviously it's been kept in the kitchen for quite some time. Absolutely terrible. Eating it made me thirsty and that is no exaggeration. And here is the most HEINOUS crime that night. Ms Drama Queen tried to play us for fools when we called for the check. Let me turn back the clock to let you fellow readers know the situation. We ordered the lean brisket because Ms Drinks on the Job told us that that is the only brisket they had left. Fine, all good in the neighborhood like Mr Rogers. After the order was placed, Ms Drama Queen comes over and tells us that they actually ran out of brisket. Ok FINE. I told her we will cancel the brisket and order the drier than hippo skin sausage. She said ok. Back to the HEINOUS crime. Ms Drama Queen gave us the check and the brisket was there... You, the reader might say, it could be an accident. Well.. I dont think so.. Why was the sausage order listed above the brisket?.. That bugs me more than a fly to an elephant. Boy what a scheme. Unbelievable. Look, Im not saying to not eat at this place. Just please NEVER GO AT NIGHT AFTER 10.. I left only 6% tip because tips are not a privilege. It is earned with hard and respectful work. It is supposed to reflect the quality of work you are doing. Just me, but Im not returning. And others will hear about this
