Years ago, I fell in love with Pepe Rosse To Go for their simple and affordable Italian dishes done right, and thought about how wonderful it'd be if they had more seating. Fast forward to present day and Pepe Rosso Social has turned fantasy to reality. Originally wary that the quality would be lost in the transition, I'm glad to report that my fears were unfounded. Located on Mott Street by the corner of Broome Street (side note, I grew up as a toddler a few doors down), it's actually free of the bustle and foot traffic further south of the block. While the restaurant is new to the area, they kept a piece of the original mural (Native American man with headdress) to retain a piece of history even while moving forward. Classy, man. The brick walls and dimly lit interior provides an old school Italian experience, while the small tables and seating creates a romantic ambiance. For the pasta dishes, my girlfriend ordered the Spaghetti with Tomato and Basil (she's a vegetarian) while I ordered the popular Papardelle Oxtail Ragu (I am not). The dishes were as I imagined them to be: exquisite flavor that relies on the basic ingredients to carry the dish. As much as I enjoyed my Oxtail Ragu, my fork found it's way to the Spaghetti quite often, to my girlfriend's chagrin. As for the main course, she ordered the Roasted Branzino (the what now?) while I decided to have the Pork Loin (how could I not?). To the best of my knowledge, I have never eaten branzino, as I often consume fish as I do medicine: eyes closed and nose pinched. Since it would have been poor form to do so in public, I tried some and it found it quite good. The meat of the branzino was moist and flaky with the herbs really adding to the flavor. That said, fish never stands a chance against red meat, and my Slow Cooked Pork Loin was all kinds of awesome. Originally expecting the pork to be braised, I was pleasantly surprised when I was presented with two hunking pieces of pork chops that carried the right amount of moist texture and fattiness. I'm not sure if it's insulting to categorize these loins as pork chops, but they were the best damn chops I've ever had! The only dish we wound up (begrudgingly) sharing was our dessert of Chocolate Bread Pudding with Ice Cream, which disappeared so fast...I mean, SO fast. Service was great, and the entire wait staff was friendly and helpful. Their attention to our dining experience never wavered, even when the house was getting packed. I highly recommend Pepe Rosso Social for some quality homestyle Italian cooking at great prices that will have you come back for more. I know this, for I will be back for more.
