Hey there Salt and Fat!  So I've been reading some negative reviews complaining about the size of the dishes - this is a tapas-style restaurant folks!  The point is to order a bunch of small dishes and share!  Sure it may be more expensive than other restaurants, but the quality of the food makes up for it!  That being said, I found the portions at Salt and Fat to be slightly bigger than those at other small-plate restaurants.  We shared 5 dishes for 2 people... you can easily just have 2 plates each.  Not so bad! On to the food (in order of deliciousness)! Oxtail Terrine - Hallelujah!  My favorite dish!  Juicy, flakey and seared (or torched?) to perfection!  The onion sauce, mushroom and balsamic reduction (I think that's what it was) complemented perfectly! "Crack" and Cheese - Salt and fat.  Can't go wrong. Scallops - The carrot puree was great and I loved the truffled beets.  The scallops had a nice sear to them, but I wasn't crazy about them.  I don't know why... maybe they were overdone a little?  Or maybe it's because I went from the Bacon-Béchamel sauce of "Crack" and Cheese to this dish and the more delicate flavor of the scallops got lost against the stronger  flavor of bacon?  Not sure.  This was my bf's favorite dish though. Yellowtail - Toward the end of this dish I took the time to cautiously stack up the yellowtail, speck, radish, citrus, and jalapeño on a fork and consume, to a tasty in the mouth result on second try (the first try it all fell apart on my plate).  That is definitely how this dish should be consumed.  I must note however that the speck overpowers the yellowtail... so maybe this dish needs a sauce to tie it together or to add another note (fresh or citrusy?)  Not a bad plate at all, but it needs a little bit of fine-tuning... it would be best to start rather than end with this dish. Lobster salad - This was my least favorite dish.  I really liked the vinaigrette & grapefruit... but I wasn't crazy about the lobster.  It had a good sweet flavor but there were also bits of shell in it??  It was not a terrible dish but it really wasn't up to par with the Oxtail. Okay, hope that helps!  The service was very friendly, the food came out super fast and decor was cute and simple.  I'll be coming back to try the rest of their dishes!
