OKAY, first off, I have to say....RAPHAEL is the BEST server my hubby and I have ever had! He is attentive without being obtrusive, and DETAIL must be his middle name! Every experience we have had with him (we have been there maybe 5 or 6 times) is amazing, he remembers what we had last time, what our preferences are.......today I got there about 5 mins before he was supposed to leave, and he stayed and gave me the same incredible service as always, with a smile and attention to detail. AND, the chefs made me something from the dinner menu even tho it wasn't yet 3pm.....They are all so accommodating there! Im going to stop now before I go overboard, but after a not so great server on Easter when he wasn't working, we have decided to always call ahead to make sure he is working. Enough said. Let me just add.... I'm sure all the other servers are very nice...I can attest, they all treat us already as though we are regulars (we really are not), all are very friendly, but not in the least bit fake. The food is AMAZING! We have had many things, from their Holidays only Sunday Brunch (we had our wedding Brunch here on Valentines Day). They have the BEST Eggs Benedict I have had in years or ever, and same for the Quiche Lorraine. One time hubby had the Filet Mignon 'cobb' Salad. Their chocolate dipped strawberries they had on the 'chocolate dessert bar' during the Brunches were the size of BASEBALLS! (pic will be uploaded later)... For Lunches, we have had the French Dip, Monte Cristo, Sage Allen Chicken Salad (Amazing, and I dont even usually like Chix salad!), and Grilled Chicken Sandwich. and OMG, how can I forget the Kentucky Hot Brown! YUMMY!!! For Dinners we have had the Chicken Cordon Blue (Wed night special), Fish n Chips, Mac and Cheese (i wasn't crazy about this, just because of the pearl onions and ham...but most ppl would love it. I make a mean Mac n cheese, so I am super fussy! LOL. The mashed Potatoes are delish, and if u cannot decide which ones to get (they have 3) you can get a trio portion!  I cannot recall what else hubby has had, but I know he LOVED it! Run to DISH right now, it has become our FAVE upscale,comfort food place, that is casual and comfy, yet special all at once! ps...Just to show how nice these people are, the Maitre 'D (named Art) who takes the reservations and greets people, remembered that my hubby was having an operation and when i was in there while he was in the hospital, they were all asking about him! At this point we had maybe been there 3 times...I am very impressed with everyone. Management has done a great job with the hiring and training!
