Buttermilk Channel, named after the strip of water between Governors Island and Brooklyn, opened last week in Carroll Gardens.  The atmosphere is clean and minimalistic, yet warm and inviting and is a welcome addition to the otherwise quiet strip of Court Street.   The menu has some classic southern elements to it (baby back ribs & chicken & waffles); however offers some gourmet and inventive twists (head cheese, duck meatloaf & flap steak served with roasted marrow).   The wine list featured mostly US wines, with an emphasis on those made in and around NY state.  The selection was reasonably priced and did have a couple of CA wines, if you are looking for something a little more robust and complex than a Long Island wine can offer.  They also had a nice selection of draft beers which are served in borderline too cold/frosty beer mugs. Maple glazed, salted "pop-overs" were brought to the table instead of the perfunctory bread and butter, which was a nice down-home start to the meal.  We began with housemade pickles, spinach ravioli, an endive and kale salad and local oysters on the half shell.  The spinach ravioli were very delicate and subtle-- the pasta itself was nearly translucent.  The endive and kale salad was a favorite of mine.  It was served with homemade croutons and a soft boiled egg in an anchovy dressing.  The anchovy dressing really made the salad.  The only complaint I have is that the kale, which I believe is a lacinato (or black) kale, was not de-ribbed, and while the leaves are tender enough to be eaten raw, the ribs are too fibrous for the likes of most people.  The oysters (we ordered Malpec and Welfleet) were delicious and very fresh tasting and were served not only with lemon and cocktail sauce, but also with a kimchi type accompaniment. For entrees, the highlight of the meal was the fried chicken with waffles and winter vegetable slaw.  While the cheddar waffles themselves were not better than good, the fried chicken was tremendously moist and cooked perfectly.  The hake with wild mushrooms, bacon wrapped trout and hamburger were also very nice. We skipped dessert, however next time I will save room for their root beer float-- because when is the last time you have seen that on a menu? The service was surprising strong, considering the restaurant opened less than a week ago.  While all of the waitstaff was not completely comfortable describing every menu item, service was friendly and efficient. Price-wise, with tip, we ended up spending about $50 per person.  A little more than we would normally spend in this area; however we did not mind, as the food, service and atmosphere were a little better than most places the neighborhood.
