I've been to Chuko three times in the past three weeks since my move to Prospect Heights so I will probably never feels as qualified as I am this moment to review it.   I've had three pretty solid meals at Chuko.  I've had literally almost everything on the menu including daily specials.  Here are my thoughts (#9 is most important): 1.  Service is always on point and friendly.  Servers are knowledgeable and accommodating. 2.  It is cash only which is a pain, but it's brooklyn and there's an atm in the restaurant so I consider that a wash.   3.  Both the pork and shrimp buns are great starters.  It is important to note that the shrimp is fried (it doesn't specify) and it almost like a bao po boy.   4.  Daily special of Gyoza was uninspired.  Dry, under-seasoned pork for 8?  No thanks.   5.  The daily chilled noodle special is such a summer stunner.  Basically a ramen cobb salad and certainly worth the 13 dollar price tag.   6.  Kale salad was meh.  Maybe there's only so much one could do with kale but it was boring despite the raisins and fried kale for textural contrast.   7.  Brussel sprouts were tasty and well cooked.  I've seen so many restaurants overcooking sprouts and calling it char.  Tad salty from fish sauce but I'd order again. 8.  Daily roe ramen dish was super tasty.  I love the flavor the fish roe gives the dish.   9.  The salt and pepper chicken wings is where things went off the rails.  That dish bumped them down from a 4 to a 3.  The dish itself was fine to good.  Batter was a bit too think and ultimately a bit salty but that wasn't the issue.  I took a bite out of my second wing and it's BLOODY.  Yikes!  I call the server over and he goes "yeah that happens sometimes, maybe one in a hundred."  Ok so let me get this straight, you are aware that the cooking process for this item sometimes puts your customers in danger and you continue to serve it?  If they churn 10-20 of these dishes a day, that means they are putting customer's safety in jeopardy once every five to ten days.  Thats simply unacceptable.  Look even if the dish was amazing (it isn't), at least TELL PEOPLE you are PUTTING THEM AT RISK.  Similar to a sushi restaurant disclaimer.  Say, "due to the fickle nature of fryers and the varying thickness of our wings, there is a possibility that the chicken may be raw on the inside."  If I knew that, I wouldn't have ordered it.  But how dare you knowingly put me at risk!  Not sure if I'll return despite really enjoying the food and service.
