Calle Ocho used to be my favorite restaurant in NYC!  It was such a trek for me to get up there from Brooklyn, but I've always made it a point to go there every once in a while.  I've been there for brunch, dinner, and drinks; and I've absolutely loved it! ...until the last time I went!! It was my friend's birthday, and I recommended Calle Ocho to my friends because I loved it so much.  Unfortunately, it was the worst experience we've ever had at a restaurant!  The waiters were inattentive, clumsy, and forgetful!  The entire dinner took more than 3 hours!  At one point our waiter was nowhere to be found, and it took nearly 30 minutes to get service!  The waiters, while clearing another table near us, dropped and broke several plates and/or bowls, and the shards flew everywhere!  The service was so slow that we finished our first pitcher of Sangria when the appetizers came out.  We ordered a few more pitchers, but the waiter completely forgot about them until we asked again midway through our entrees.  The food was also sub-par -- I've definitely had better at Calle!  They also messed up one of our orders, so the rest of us all waited until our food went cold for the last person's food to come.. and the list goes on.. THE WORST PART!?!   THE WAITSTAFF STOLE OUR BIRTHDAY CAKE!!!   We bought the 8" Lady M Mille Crepes Cake for our friend.  If you've ever bought that cake before, you'd know that it's $75 and it's the best cake ever!!!  We brought it to Calle Ocho, they kept it in the kitchen while we had our meal, they brought it out for our friend to blow out the candles, everyone saw how big it was, and the waiter promptly took it back to the kitchen for cutting.  When the waiters came back with our individual slices, we each received less half an inch of the cake!  One of the waiters had a huge grin on his face as he asked, "That was the thousand layer cake, right?" We responded, "Yes?"  And he said, "Yea, it's suuuch a great cake!"  We looked at our slices, and all thought the same thing, "Yess, we know!  Did YOU have the rest of our cake?!"  But we let it go, thought maybe they were saving us the middle (like some restaurant do) for us to take home.  After we finished our measly slices, we asked the waiter whether there was any left.  The waiter said "yes," brought out some slices that were thinner than the last and told us that was the last of them. We're all smart people, there were only 8 of us, and it was an 8" (diameter) cake.  So if you do the math to find the perimeter of the cake (2*pi*4) = 25, divide that by 8 ppl, you'd see that we should have received at least 3" of cake each  But we were each only given less than an inch of cake!  I know it's sometimes customary to offer the waiters some of the birthday cake AFTER we've had enough.  But simply taking it BEFORE we've even had our share, and WITHOUT our knowledge is just unacceptable, immoral, and heinous!!   AND, since we had a party of 8, they charged us 18% gratuity!!!  the nerve!!! This happened Summer 2010, I haven't gone back since, and I've put it behind me.  The only reason it came to mind is because I'm thinking of getting another Lady M cake...and I thought that I share my story on yelp.
