Decided to try out Yellow Plum after purchasing a Living Social voucher for them a few weeks ago.  I have just recently moved to the area and after driving by the place a few times thought I'd give it a try.  The decor is very pretty, nice fairy lights outside add a nice touch. However, being located next to a small gym and a  Karate center make take away from the overall ambiance.  We had a 9pm dinner reservation (note: Yellow Plum is now on Open Table) and were very surprised to see more than 1/2 of the place empty when we showed up.  There was no clear hostess stand marked, however our serve met us and asked if we had reservations, which I thought was odd considering there were plenty of tables for us to be seated at.  Open visiting the restrooms, I discovered the hostess stand is located near the private lot entrance, not from the street parking entrances.   We started our dinner with two of the red wine flights which feature three generous tasting pours of a variety of red wines.  The wine was delicious, however at $17 a flight the price seemed a bit steep. For appetizers we ordered the chilled Soba noodles with chicken and the chicken lollipops.  The chilled Soba noodles were tasty, and had a little bit of a spice to them.  However, the chicken seemed to have kind of been thrown in.  It did not at much to the dish and could have easily been left out. The portion size was huge, and this appetizer could easily be ordered as an entree. The chicken lollipops were nothing but fancy chicken wings and the two sauces provided (which were not described on the menu or by our way), were nothing spectacular.   Entrees I ordered the pork chop with Asian slaw and spicy mustard and my boyfriend ordered the Red Snapper which was described by our waiter as being a "fishy fish".  The portion size of the snapper was surprisingly small for the the price ($32), but the taste was nice.  My pork chop was deep fried (burnt on the edges) and the spicy mustard was tasty but added little to the overall taste of the meal.   The meal was just OK.... I would not be in a rush to go back there, as I would expect much higher quality food for the prices that are being charged.  On Tuesday they do offer 1/2 priced appetizers which might be worth checking out.
