10 STARS. Petite Crevette is 100%, by far, absolutely, without a doubt my absolute favorite restaurant in New York City, and maybe anywhere (save 410 Bank down in Cape May and La Scaletta in Rome). If there was ever a restaurant that had the ability to be so quaint, so dynamic and just downright delicious, it's Petite Crevette. My love for the food, the hospitality, and the atmosphere, the general experience they offer is greater than that for any other restaurant in the city or Brooklyn. Petite Crevette is timeless, the staff are so professional, there are never any gimmicks or curve balls or problems or anything. It transcends the idea of restaurant, it's an escape from the city, whisking you off to a side street in Europe for just one evening. It's away from the hustle and bustle, it's peaceful, its sexy, its comforting and cozy all at once. It's so classy and casual, fancy and relaxed. It's what every restaurant should be. It's a soft, hazy, dream-like experience that everyone should have. It's also BYOB, and totally gourmet, authentic, like a home cooked meal. So what do I love? Their fried oysters, their tuna tartare, their provencals and their salmon dishes. I love their corn chowder and their clam chowder, and I love their mussels. What I really love, is the cioppino. No cioppino nor seafood stew nor bouillabaisse anywhere can compare to the cioppino here. It's half a lobster, it's scallops, shrimp, mussels and more in a light and simple and amazingly delicious tomato broth. It's my favorite meal and I crave it always. The lobster also stands alone as the best lobster as well. The atmosphere is perfect and the service is, too. The prices are reasonable and overall there isn't a single reason not to come here for any and every occasion: with your parents, on a first date with that girl you've got to impress, on a Tuesday night when you don't want to cook, after a bad day or to celebrate a birthday. I tell everyone and I'll say it again, this is my favorite restaurant.
