Last week, I went to E Mei Mountain with my friend Vivien and Sharon in Chinatown. This is the most authentic Chinese food restaurant compare with other restaurants that I know from my friends. It is a braw restaurant, I have already came here for several times and I have been addicted to this restaurant when I first time came here. The food here is hot and I enjoyed it; however, it is not super hot, but it is much hotter than other restaurants. We ordered five dishes: the Boiled Wonton with Hot oil, the Fish Fillet in Hot & Pique, the Toothpick Beef, the Vermicelli w, and the Rice Ball in Sweet soup. And the food comes out quickly. The best one among them is the Fish Fillet in Hot & Pique; it is delicacy. I ordered it every time when I came here. This dish is hot, the fish is tender and it has many vegetables as well, it was melting in the mouth. The quantity of this dish was large; we didn't finish it. One thing I didn't like is the oil in the fish because it makes it looks like oily. Toothpick Beef is also palatable. It was forsooth delicate. I think this dish may spend a plenty of time to cook because every beef stick sticked with a toothpick. It is a little complex, but it was toothsome. It made me feel like in China, because I always eat this dish in China and it has the same tastes like China. Another dish I love is Vermicelli w. I ordered this dish by mistake. I thought it is a pique and hot dish like fish and it may have plenty vegetables and it taste cool. However, it is like soup and it just had salt, and it doesn't hot at all. But it was ambrosial. It made me feel warm to eat it; it has tofu and some silk noodles, the flavor is fantastic, which also helped me to wiped oil cause I ate some oily fish and beef. It was fantastic to eat it during a cold day. I appreciated the service they had; the waiter and waitress were polite and helpful. They introduced some characteristic dishes to us and they were patient. We had four people and all of us have different require for the drinks; one is a cup of ice, one is a cup of Sprite, one is a cup of hot water and one is a cup of iced water. The waitress was patient and remembered them carefully and they did everything like refilling the water without we asked for. They asked for advice after we eating. Therefore, the serve was fine. The outside environment here is a kind of disordered: the door looks old and messy. The inside is much better and every table has tablecloth, they clean it everyday. The price is reasonable because it is not expensive. I saw some reviews on yelp about this restaurant, most of them are some positive reviews, and I agree with them. One of a review said it is the Authentic Szechuan cuisine, and I strongly agree with him. But one thing I want to say is you should try to eat some other food, don't only eat ma po tofu every time. You should try more dishes and you will find more surprise.
