I read the prior reviews but I didn't find the prices too high. Chips and salsa are complimentary (you serve them yourself, so it seems to be unlimited). It's $6 for a large quesadilla with rice and refried beans - for me, that was enough food to take half of it home for a second meal! Before ordering, I asked the guy behind the counter if he thought it was enough for one meal or if I should order something else too (I was picturing a Taco Bell sized quesadilla), and he said he thought it would be enough. I appreciate honesty and their friendly hospitality. This was bigger than I was expecting and very tasty, served with salsa and sour cream. My husband ordered the Carne Asada burrito and enjoyed it. We were served free samples of the flan and tres leches. The flan was great - thick and rich - but we both really loved the tres leches. This tres leches is better than that at Mama Mexico in NYC's Upper West Side. The cake is frosted with a whipped cream frosting (not waxy). It's only $2.50 for either, so less that what you usually have to pay for Mexican desserts. I didn't look closely but it looked like they also have carrot cake. I'm from Southern California so I am really happy to find a Mexican restaurant with the flavors I'm used to (on the East Coast, they're usually differently spiced or it's specifically TexMex which is also different). This is just what I was looking for, with the exception of the rice - it was not the typical orange-colored Mexican rice but instead a white rice with corn in it. I found it so-so; if you, like my husband, don't usually care for Mexican rice, you'll be happy about this part of the meal. We were really excited to find a family-run hole-in-the-wall Mexican place! It does not have the atmosphere of a fancy date place but it is perfect for poor students on a food-run or who pride themselves on pulling off an inexpensive date. One of the staff painted the nice paintings on the wall. While I was there, a customer asked if she would be willing to sell and she said she hadn't thought of that but sure, why not? So if you like them, feel free to ask. They also do take-out, so I recommend it either sit-in or if you want something quick but better than fast food. I hope when they start doing delivery they'll come as far as Princeton!
