From the people who brought you Desi Village and Desi Chaat House comes Mood Cafe, a nice little addition to Baltimore Ave. A friend and I stopped in a couple of weeks after opening in search of something suitable for obscenely hot weather - meaning not too heavy and a short walk away. I also remembered seeing that they served lassi and milkshakes, so off we went! My friend comes from a sad, sad place where she can get Indian food but not chaat. I feel bad for her. So she was a little overwhelmed and watched carefully as the guy at the counter explained everything he was going to do to my papri chaat. That was no simple task, since this chaat was loaded up like you would not believe. I can't even begin to list all the things that went into it, just layer after layer of all good things. Maybe a little heavy-handed on the sauce so it got soupy toward the end, but every bite brought something new. In fact, it was loaded up enough that we considered sharing. We were talked into getting a couple of samosas to go with, which was very kindly turned into samosa chaat just to make our tastebuds happier. And, seeing that my friend was unused to chaat, the owner told her not to pay until after she'd eaten. Very nice of him. She loved it, though! Even though were were stuffed from our chaat orgy, dessert was needed. Namely, something cold! My friend was intrigued by the sandlewood shaved ice (something I will be trying someday) but sadly the ice machine had not been delivered yet! We both ended up with saffron milkshakes, a great choice. The shakes are made thin, which means you can suck them down on a summer day without feeling like you'll explode. The saffron ice cream is heavy on the pistachio, but tasty and something you're not going to find everywhere. Overall, Mood Cafe was a great experience. It's obvious that the owner is really going out of his way to bring in business and distinguish this location from Desi's other spots. He's doing a great job, and I'm glad to help by raving about the food and service! Another trip or two that good and I'll bump them up to 5 stars for sure!
