In my quest to try all the Cedar St. food carts, this Peking Edo Cart is a must try if you're looking for the best Chinese food offering.  Asian cuisine dominates the food cart landscape here, so it's really easy to miss Maggie's cart.   As another reviewer explained, there are 3 different Peking Edo carts on Cedar, so here's a quick summary to quickly differentiate between the three.  Walking down Cedar from Congress towards Yale-New Haven Hospital, the first Peking Edo cart serves Taiwanese-style Chinese food.  I've ate here once and got the Beef Noodle Soup (Niu Rou Mian), which is arguably considered the quintessential Taiwanese dish.  It really missed the mark for me and the bland broth and flavorless braised beef didn't have that peppery and bold kick like Mama Hsiao makes it.  Maybe I'll give them another try, but there is just too much cart goodness to try first.  The second Peking Edo cart is a stir-fry themed one and I've yet to try them yet.  To be continued.  The third Peking Edo cart, closest to the hospital and York St, is Maggie's and consistently has a long line of loyal customers.  Maggie rocks a red bandanna and is the truth.  She's such a chatty sweetheart that you will feel like you're in your grandma's kitchen instead of freezing your butt off waiting outside this dinky cart. Maggie clearly remembers her customers and made my first experience here so warm and welcoming.  She acknowledged that it was my first visit and was beaming with confidence that I'd be back for more.  Being the noodle soup lover that I am, I went with her Chinese roast pork (char siu) noodle soup, which she again proclaimed is the best.  And I must agree.  For $5 bucks, she packs in a generous amount of thin rice noodles (personally, I'd prefer a thin, yellow, egg-based noodle), tons of thinly sliced roast pork, bok choi, cilantro, and a few other Asian inspired veggies all swimming in a balanced and light broth.  Being the sweet and caring woman that she is, she even cautioned me to let a little air out when I took the lid off because it's literally packed to the brim and it will explode all over you if you are too aggressive.   I went back a week later and she remembered me by saying "I told you my soup was the best!"  Hahah, I appreciated her candor and humble confidence.  The consistent line who will wait for Maggie as she takes her sweet ass time preparing and chatting with each customer speaks for itself.  Upon this second visit I asked her what's good and she said EVERYTHING and went to explain that she cooks home-style food with a pan-Asian approach.  I went with the noodle soup again because it had been haunting me for days, but I swear for my next visit I will savor some of her Mama Hsiao style cuisine!   Maggie was even featured in the NY Times review of the Cedar St food cart scene.  Check it: nytimes.com/2010/04/25/n…
