I've been to Char No. 4 several times now - with family, for a whiskey tasting, for a birthday party, for brunch, for their Tuesday night chili special in the fall/winter, and let me say, it never disappoints. First of all, I'm a but whiskey aficionado.  Char's list is long and overwhelming, but exciting to peruse.  Their staff is also super knowledgeable and can help navigate the list.  (Tip - get there early for the 1/2 priced happy hour!)  They also have some pretty stellar wines and beers, for when you get tired of whiskey (I know, I know, don't shake your head at me). As for the food.  ::::drool::::  Believe me when I tell you that the bacon is life-altering.  Two thick slices come with seasonally varied accoutremounts (sp?) that provide just the right amount of acidity and texture to compliment the deliciously fatty bacon.  Seriously, go there now, just for bacon and you will not regret it.  Best of all, you can get the bacon at every meal!  The rest of their appetizers are delicious as well - I've had the chicken liver mousse, the lamb pastrami (something that pops up on "things you have to eat" lists a lot), the fried cheese curds, pickles n peanuts, smoked and fried pork nuggets, fried jambalaya balls - all have been very tasty.  For a main, the chopped pork sandwich is great - in fact my sister requests that we go to Char No. 4 every time she visits JUST so she can get that sandwich.  Me, I'm partial to the strip steak with creamed spinach and bone-marrow butter.  Bone-marrow butter!  I mean, how decadent can you get?  But if you don't want your heart transplant today, may I suggest the grilled hangar steak (still steak, no marrow)?  Or if red meat isn't your thing, the soft-shell crab or the shrimp and grits also make for lovely dinners.  However, I will say, the desserts are not my favorite.  If I get dessert, it's the ice cream, because it's homemade (butter pecan) and is served over bourbon!  Then again, I'm usually too full for dessert anyway...   Brunch is also nothing to shake a stick at.  Start with a chipotle bourbon bloody mary - smokey and spicy, with homemade pickles...oof.  And feel free to get the bacon.  I mean, when in Rome.  I'd recommend the poached eggs with cheddar bacon grits (I also would never throw a poached egg out of bed).  The brunch prix fixe is also a great deal, although I seem to remember there being a chicken sausage in there at some point in time that was delicious.  My friend once got the pancakes, and they were light, fluffy, and very yummy. Really, you can't go wrong.  Now just get your ass there.  And bring me, cause now I'm hungry!
