For gourmet pizza, this is about as good as it gets anywhere.  For gourmet beer selection, it's about as good as it gets around Burlington. (but see my review of The Alchemist in Waterbury) I'm not much of a drinker, but sometimes I get these really intense cravings for a way-out bitter, complex IPA, which is why we came here a few weeks ago.  (I couldn't bear the thought of having to drive all the way down to Waterbury and then wait an hour for a table.)  The excellent pizza here was kind of a bonus.  The dessert made it just about perfect. We started off with the Berkshire IPA, which my husband really liked, but I thought it lacked the long finish I like in my IPAs.  Then we tried the TLA IPA, one of their their house beers, and it was just what I was craving.  They also have a lot of high-end beers (Ommegang, Dieu Du Ciel, etc.) and then some even higher-end beers (vintage Allogash, Smuttynoses, and Unibroue)  for those of you who do not mind shelling out as much for a bottle of beer as you might for a pinot noir.   (If I knew I could, as with wines, taste a sip and send it back if dissatisfied, I wouldn't mind so much.) The Evolution green salad is steal for $5.75.  Don't be put off by the seaweed -- there's just a little bit ,and it is very mild (and very very good for you and your thyroid).  The salad has a hint of Asian flavors, like ginger and sesame seeds, but this didn't seem out of place in a restaurant that has the word "American" in its name.  Be sure to get the "hand-made" VT goat cheese on it ($1.50 extra) -- totally made my day.  (Very nice tang to go with the floral bitterness of the IPAs) We then had a smaller-sized pizza split -- half New Vermont Sausage and half Punctuated Equilibrium. (both are about $10.25 for the small, $18 for the large).   Now mind you, I am a huge fan of sausage.  I'd eat it every morning if I could.  But I felt that the nitrate-free, local-pork, housemade, fennel-maple sausage was... nice.  That's all.  But the pizza was not too greasy, not too heavy, I'll give it that.   I just feel it could have been more flavorful.  Maybe (and I almost *never* say this) it could have used just a wee bit more salt.  And I had to really hunt for the maple flavor in the sausage.  But someone spent a lot of time and effort on those caramelized onions: they were perfect in themselves, but kind of overwhelmed the pizza since there was no assertive sausage to balance it out. Maybe it was just that the sausage pizza, no mater how good, was always going to pale in comparison to the bright, Mediterranean flavors of the Punctuated Equilibrium.  Now, I am not sure what that particular take on evolutionary theory has to do with this perfect meld of olives, onions, roasted red peppers, goat cheese, and rosemary...perhaps they felt their inspiration in coming up with genius pizza flavors was at a relative standstill until -- VOILA! -- the Punctuated Equilibrium!  Well, then, I guess the name is well deserved.  It's a huge step forward for pizza-eating species across the universe.  Not that the ingredients or the combinations are so novel...but how it is executed is something to be noted.  Amazing. We finished with a brownie sundae, which was lovely.  The brownies were somehow perfectly dense, chewy with just the right amount of crispiness on top...but without being *quite* rich enough.  (But I know I am being super harsh, here.  It was really quite good for restaurant fare--just not THE best ever. Nevertheless, I would order it again.)   But what really made me happy was the chocolate fudge!  Not at all gritty, both sweet and bitter, and not too thin...if only there had been more of it!  However, when we ordered the sundae, I did ask our server to be generous with the ice-cream...and I swear she dumped a whole pint on it!  We almost didn't finish the ice cream.  And for those of you who know us, that is truly saying something. Quality ingredients from local sources; reasonable prices; lovely, hard-to-find beers; inventive flavor combinations; and well-executed, gourmet pizzas.  Now there is a restaurant that deserves to have the word "American" on it.
