Before I write my own review, I find myself reading some of the things other people have written. I'm going to respond to a few of them. Yes, the burgers here can be a bit messy. That's not due to grease, so much as the abundance of toppings. I understand some people are burger purists and feel putting anything more than a slight smear of ketchup is absolute blasphemy. If you're a burger purist, Umami Burger isn't for you. If you're super health-conscious, there are some non-beefy options, but I'm betting you're better off just indulging for once and getting a burger. Yes, the lines can be long, but that's due to a lot of buzz and the fact that Umami burger hasn't been open long. If you're dead set on trying it, go a bit early on a weeknight. My wife and I popped in on a Monday at about six and were seated immediately. The food comes out quickly; we split the truffle burger and the original Umami burger. Some burger places compensate for lackluster meat with a panoply of flavorful condiments. Umami burger slathers their meat with a bevvy of toppings, but none of that takes away from the crisp, salty savor of the meat itself. There's not a lot of subtlety to their cuisine. Every bite is a punch in the mouth, a rich explosion of goodness. My wife especially loved the truffle burger while I couldn't decide which I loved more between the truffle and the original. We also split an order of the smooshed potatoes, which were basically small, roasted golden potatoes that were smashed down in a pan and refried for a minute or two, making a nice balance between the healthier roasted potato option and the crisp of french fries. Of course slathering them with one of the several sauces they conveniently provide alleviated much of their healthier aspects, but I would have been doing that with regular fries as well. Is it probably a bit overhyped? Yes, but only a little. It's absolutely worth going to, but not worth a two hour wait. So either hit it up on an off-time or wait for the buzz to die down.
