There's a really heart breaking story behind the Cambodian yellow truck. While Jerry Ley manages to cook delicious dishes and put on a friendly smile for his customers, he's a struggling man that is making ends meet to feed his family. I hope that in due time his efforts and hard work along with the support of his family will overcome against all odds. My husband and I along with my sister searched for Jerry's truck, it was parked right outside of W. 4th- NYU Stern Bldg. After much decisiveness, we ordered the following: - Chhar Kuey Teo Koke: Triple sauteed flat rice noodle egg chicken garlic green vegetable cabbage. * comfort food that is very light and delicious* - Kary Tuek (chicken): Cambodian curry served on vermicelli, a bowl of soft, rice vermicelli bathed in lemon grass galangal coconut milk flavored with sliced chicken, bamboo water chestnuts, brown potatoes and bread. * reminds me of the Malaysian curry chicken noodle except the spices and lemon grass really enhances the flavors of this dish.*     -Charr Kuey Teo (chicken)- Sauteed angel hair-rice noodles, eggplant, napa, bell peppers, bean sprout, scallion, and carrots served with our peanut sauce. * similar to Pad Thai but portions are huge and hearty.* -Naem Tchien (fried  Cambodian spring roll)- mixture of chicken, bean thread, pork, carrot, and spices rolled in special skin with Cambodian peanut sauce. *much better than Viet Spring rolls, the combination of meats and spices is fantastic* And of course, we ordered their Cambodian Ice Tea to compliment our meals. I have to clarify on the taste of the Cambodian Ice Tea that is compared to Thai Ice Tea. Although, the color and texture of the Ice Tea resembles to Thai Ice Tea, it does not taste the same. There's a strong, distinct sour tea taste that you can definitely detect right away. Jerry happily greeted us once our food was ready. Our total came out to less than $30 and we tipped Jerry with the leftover change. Inexpensive meal and an opportunity to sit down and people watch in the park and chat away. Thank you Jerry for making our day. We'll def be back to try your other specialties. :)  Keep up the good work!
