I went here on a Sunday night and the restaurant was pretty full. We got seated quickly though. The ambiance is lovely. Some of the tables feature chairs and cushioned sofa seating set ups. The tables are tiled in lovely neutral shades and the lighting is dim, but not too dark. I know that Vivo is also categorized as a lounge/club, but we didn't get that "feel" at all. I know that other Yelpers have mentioned slow or bad service. The manager (?) came over to us 3 or 4 times to ask about our dining experience and if we needed anything. It did seem to take awhile for the food to come out between appetizers and main entree, but I would not classify it as slow or bad service. Vivo is the type of place where you should sit for awhile, have some good dinner conversation, and enjoy the food. The menu at Vivo features tapas sized orders or regular sized orders. This is advantageous if you want to try different kinds of food. It is also economical for sharing portions with friends. The regular sized main entrees are huge. The people who were dining next to us ALL took their leftovers home. You could definitely share an entree with a friend and be plenty full. We started out with a small pitcher of sangria (abut 3 FULL glasses). The sangria was good (nothing amazing, but sufficient enough to have with my meal). They bring out complimentary bread with an olive oil/pesto (?) dipping sauce----delicious! For an appetizer, we started out with a regular order of ham croquettes. My friend raved about them from previous experience; I thought they were just okay. For our entree, we shared paella negra. The order was huge and featured clams (ok...really SMALL slivers of clam), mussels (about 1/2 dozen), shrimp (2 LARGE ones and a good amount of smaller ones), and scallops (again, very small slivers). The "negra" is in reference to the black cuttlefish ink. After sharing the paella negra, my friend and I were completely full. Our bill came to $52 which, when split in half, is not too pricey for sangria, a large app, and a huge main entree. All in all, I enjoyed my experience at Vivo. My only issues were with the tiny slivers of clams and scallops in the paella negra. I understand that seafood is expensive, but it's disappointing to see clams and scallops included on the menu description and then get teasing seafood slivers in my meal. There was plenty of the other seafood from the menu description which ended up in my dish.
