We managed to get an invitation because my boyfriend had worked some type of magic.. one month later we had a table at the bar. Bar seating wasn't bad at all. It was super interesting to watch the drinks being made and how much precision is required to make the cocktails and drip coffee. The interior is quite small, but roomy enough so that the diners had their sense of space. The interior decor and bathrooms were also nice. The staff was very friendly and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The things we ordered: Type C (yuzu infused cocktail) this was very good and refreshing, I barely tasted the alcohol, although we watched the bartender pour a shot into it. Fried sweet potatoes. These were really crispy and you can definitely taste the sweet potato, unlike some other places where it's fried to the point resembling a french fry..   Beef sashimi, oh my grief... this was SO good. You squeeze lemon juice, smear some wasabi, put a slice of miso seared garlic and dip it in soy sauce... it will melt in your mouth. I forgot the name of this drink, but it was so fun to watch her make it. She had to shape blocks of ice with a shovel to fit it inside. Raw oysters from Rhode Island, the sauce was actually apple cider. These were really fresh and did not taste like ocean water which is kind of typical at your average raw bar. So good. Yuzu panna cotta. Kind of sour because of the puree, but it was very smooth and creamy. Uni croquette. These were $13 a piece, but the moment I took a bite, I knew why. The cream inside was SO smooth and it was fried to perfection. The uni was fresh and had seasoning. Garlic shrimp. The shrimp was cooked just right and didn't have that rubbery consistency. They also included shrimp paste and Japanese sea salt. Maple smoked bacon with honey toasted bread and mashed potatoes. Very yum and filling. Matcha brownie and raspberry sorbet. (I didn't eat the brownie, but tried some of the sorbet and it was great) Japanese wagyu steak. $50 outside skirt cut. This was cooked perfectly.. medium-rare on the rare side. The meat was so tender... best steak I've ever tried. Overall, this has become my new favorite place for Japanese food. I'll be back in late July.
