somehow, my better half stumbled upon a place called, "Petite Crevette". i don't know how she found this place, but it's worth visiting! located at 144 Hicks St., between Union St. & President St. in the front room (where the host said to Dee, "two? please follow me...." he went to the left and she almost sat down" =x ) there's a showcase of the fresh catch of the day... a well lit room comfy for few.... we  didn't realize that there was a cozy room on the back. it was a slow wednesday night, so we were seated in the back room which is SUPER cozy, romantically lit and made me feel like i was in the countryside, far away from my everyday troubles and concerns.....little candles were scattered on every other table, everything is dark wood or painted white, with a few interesting antique furniture pieces, giving it that nice lived-in relaxed feeling.... the menu is written on butcher paper hung on the walls so you can see the list from every angle.... there's a list of specials (catch of the day prepared a few ways room is a bit colder and more brightly lit, so if you can try to get into the back room, which used to be "rose's flower shop"...the old gold lettering is still on the window, giving it a vintage feel. we started with the crab corn chowder and were served a HUGE bowl lumps of crab! this bowl was loaded with chunks of sweet crab meat, lots of kernels of juicy corn in a creamy base... then i chose the tuna burger....med rare! VERY GOOD IT WAS!!! she chose the cioppino....this dish carries a succulent 1/2 lobster (like if it were from maine...), about 5-6 decent sized shrimps, 8-10 juicy mussels, and melt in your mouth bite sized scallops! the servings are just right... when we were done with dinner, the host kindly asked us if we had wished for desert.... we had a choice of apple, peach, or cranberry tarts, not to mention they have a chocolate desert, "flourless chocolate cake" that we have yet to try! we enjoyed dinner the tonight at Petite Crevette.... note : closed mondays           cash only
