I have to give FULL DISCLOSURE on this review. This first visit to Sakagura was a bit of a fail on our part.  We decided to go on a whim without doing the full investigation into the story behind this cool spot.  I DID NOT KNOW it considers itself to be one of the best sake bars in the U.S.  We were just not in the mood after the night before to have anything but hot tea. FAIL, FAIL, FAIL. As everyone says...you feel as though you're entering into the lair of a Japanese mob boss.  You have to enter from 44th street through a service door that's next to a DIFFERENT Japanese restaurant.  You go through another door or two and down some stairs and next thing you know, you're in the cool, cave like space of Sakagura. So....with that, I will set forth to review the our meal. Further failure was to be had when we expected sushi, but were in for a much more Japanese experience.  We made an executive decision not to empty our pockets at Yasuda, figuring for one dollar sign less and lots of stars, we would get pretty good sushi here. Upon opening the menu, I felt as though I had opened a macrobiotic cookbook.  With ingredients like umeboshi plums, fermented soybeans and taro potato, I knew I was in for a healthy dinner and a real Japanese meal. Miso soup with mushrooms...warm, heavy and plentiful mushrooms. Maguro Natto : Fresh Tuna Sashimi Served with Fermented Soy Beans.  Fermented soybeans are an acquired taste.  They look absolutely disgusting. When you take a bunch of them, imagine humans trapped in an Aliens nest.  Seriously...it looks gross. They have a "these have been buried in the earth with dirty socks" kind of taste.  But, after a few bites, they taste better.  They're quite good for you too.  I as you can imagine was the only one who ate them. Fluke Carpaccio : Thinly SlicedFluke Sashimi Drizzled with Olive Oil Topped with Plum Paste, Salmon Roe, and Shiso Leaf.  This was quite good.  The fluke tasted fresh and the plum paste in combination with the roe and shiso really topped off the flavor. Sanshoku Nasu Dengaku : Grilled Japanese Eggplants Served with Three Kinds of Miso.  The eggplant was cooked perfectly with the skin somewhat crisp on the outside and the inside soft.  For me, the dish was too sweet.   Jidori Shioyaki : Grilled Organic Free Range Chicken Served with Sea Salt and "Yuzu" Citrus Pepper.  The skin-on chicken by itself was tender, four pieces or so with a small side of the Yuzu Citrus Pepper.  Topped with the Yuzu, this was one of my favorite dishes.  If you've had red snapper, you've probably had Yuzu...it's spicy and pungent and lends a perfect taste to chicken.  I only wish there was more Yuzu. Saikoro Steak : Diced Steak Sauteed with Olive Oil Flavored with Grated Onion and Soy Sauce.  This sounded really exciting and was the most disappointing of the dishes.  The steak was tender, but the sauce was watery and kind of tasteless. Gindara Yuan Yaki : Grilled Fillets of Cod Fish Steeped in Sweet Soy Sauce.  This dish was also a highlight. The cod was tender and flaky and the sweet soy sauce was used perfectly. It was not slathered all over the fish.  It was more infused.   So the reason for three stars?  While it's a cool place and the service was professional.  The food was not overwhelmingly great or consistently memorable.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things.  I really want to go back and do it right.  I'm going to try some of the things that other Yelpers have enjoyed and get my sake on. The service was very professional.  Don't be afraid to ask for help and suggestions if you're not familiar with this type of menu. It's important because otherwise you could venture into something that might be a bridge too far. Make sure you check out the bathroom electronics.  They actually have a doojiggy that will make sounds while you do your number two, so as to hide your embarrassing sounds.  They actually have these in public restrooms all over Tokyo. The Japanese are very modest people.
