Dish is a pretty unique place for Hartford - cool, modern look, great food.  When I eat downtown I used to stick to Trumbull Kitchen or Max Downtown, and Dish is a nice mesh between the two with a very NYC, industrial (lots of exposed concrete, darker colors) look and feel to it.  I've never been disappointed by anything I've eaten here and it is slowly becoming my go-to place to eat in Hartford. I wouldn't say it has a particular "type" of food - seafood, steak, Italian, comfort, and southern (just to name a few) are all equally represented on the menu.  Foods are listed with names you recognize, but what appears on the plate sometimes looks much different (in a good way) than you might expect (ex. the deconstructed Maine Lobster Pot Pie, Chicken and Dumplings.)  Easily one of the more imaginative menus out there. In no particular order... Drinks --  For beer, they have everything you would consider "usual", but Brooklyn Lager is on tap and that's all you really need to know.  Pretty extensive wine list to cover anything you might be looking for. Not on the Menu --  New England Clam Chowder.  They don't have it all the time, but if they do, order it.  Monster clams, not overly creamy...super good. Apps --  DISH bread.  Thick.  Heavy.  Garlic.  Cheese.  Yum.  Split this with others, it is delicious but semi-ridiculous for just two unless that's all you plan on eating. Salads --  They are all good - choose all of them.  I get the Caesar just about every time.   Food Food --  I've had a few different entrees (Ahi Trio, Salmon, Scallops, Lobster Pot Pie) and loved everything, but my hands down favorite is the Chicken and Dumplings.  Baked bone-in with the skin on; it comes in a light gravy and a few pan seared semolina "dumplings" on the side.  It is very hard to leave without completely finishing this. Definitely don't skip dessert here - I never do.  The DISH Chocolate Cream Pie is mind-blowingly not a pie - it is deconstructed (see picture) and is light enough and delicious enough to finish the entire thing alone.  After I ate this my review went from 4 stars to 5 without any hesitation.   If you still aren't convinced - head there for lunch, get a feel for the food and then go balls to the wall for a not the cheapest place in the world but oh so worth it dinner.
