I was at Hot Tomato's last night with my girlfriend, 2 sisters, one of my sisters boyfriends and a family friend for a nice dinner out before hitting the town. This was first time back to Hot Tomato's since Jimmy Cosgrove left to open Salute.....now I know why I didn't go back. We had an 8 reservation and were places on a nice high top to listen to music but still be able to speak. Our waitress was at best decent, very nice but not responsive. We ordered our drinks and those came out fine. We ordered a few appetizers; garlic bread, antipasto, and calamari. To there credit the garlic bread was pretty good and the calamari was decent. The antipasto looked liked a mesh of food thrown on a plate. None the less it was edible. We then placed our order. My girlfriend and I both ordered the Seared Tuna, my sisters both orders the lobster Mac and cheese, her boyfriend ordered something with too much bacon in it, and our friend ordered the penne al la vodka. Every one got there food except my girlfriend and I, and we had the easiest dish since it was SEARED...or so we thought. Finally 10 minutes after everyone else's dishes came out we got ours. We cut into the tuna and typically is should just almost melt the knife....nope over cooked!! The center was a dark pink. We call our waitress over and tell her both of our tunas are over cooked and she takes them back to make us new ones. In that time we see one of the owners walking around with a cigar in his hand like his you know what doesn't stink. Not him or manager came by to apologize. Totally turned off by that arrogance. Round 2 of our tuna came out and it was decent enough to eat. Very bland and not a lot of flavor at all. We had to ask for soy sauce for flavor. The rest of the tables meals we're half good half nothing to brag about. The lobster Mac and cheese was in my sisters words to die for and there were good chunks of lobster in them. The penne was too creamy and had very little flavor and the other dish had enough bacon to feed a family of 10 in it. Overall just a disappointing dinner and now I know why I will never go back again nor any of my family. If your looking for a great meal and caring management go to Salute...or almost any other restaurant in downtown.
