Dharshan Namaste is a hidden gem! I was dying for some Pho because I'd been in Vermont for a whole week and had been eating nothing but non-Asian food. Before boarding the plane back to California, I did a nearby search and found Pho Dang.  Fortunately, they were closed.  As I turned to get back into my car, a light hit Namaste's window and caught my eyes.  A guy who I later found out is the waiter there said hello to me with a smile as he walked out the door and that was when I saw the word "PHO" written on their window. I apprehensively looked into the restaurant.  It looks more Nepalese or Indian. I was confused because it says they also serve Viet food.  What the heck?  I was hungry and out of time so I just took the plunge.   Grabbing my empty stomach and reluctant boyfriend, I walked in consoling myself mentally because this would only be a quick meal so if it sucked, it's ok. Thanh, the owner,  was welcoming and friendly.   You can immediately tell that he is very proud of his restaurant and food.  As we perused the menu, people came in and out and they all knew him.  I don't know if this is the case with other people, but when I go eat anywhere, I appreciate it when there are regulars because it means the food must be pretty good.  In his case, Thanh's customers were all regulars.  Good sign! I ordered a Pho Ga (Chicken Pho), and my boyfriend ordered a pork Banh Mi.  As we waited for our food, I struck up a conversation with Thanh. I thought he was SouthAsian or Hispanic but it turns out he is Vietnamese and his wife is Nepalese.  I loved talking to him! Vermont had been great so far but meeting Thanh and his wife absolutely added so much more heart to my overall  impression.  They were so kind, honest, considerate, and genuine!  Just because we were Vietnamese patrons, he changed his music to Vietnamese music! LOL it was wonderful! Because the kitchen was literally right behind the counter, I could see everything Thanh was doing and he was telling me what  he added to his broth.  It was a show in itself haha. When the food came out, it smelled so good! The chicken Pho is definitely not the traditional Pho.  He actually had broccoli and bok choy in there.  It was odd, but in a good way. Trust me.  My broth was perfect.  The chicken broth was perfectly seasoned and carried with it a delicate umami flavor.  The vegetables were cooked just right.  Then, Thanh came out with his own special chili sauce.  HOLY GOD, that sauce is the bomb!   He said that because I can eat spicy food, I'd probably appreciate this sauce more than the sriracha sauce.  Yup, he was right because I still can't get that sauce out of my head.  I felt like I was being cared for by my big brother who knew exactly what I liked. My boyfriend absolutely loved his Pork Banh Mi, he said it was the best he's ever had because it tasted so fresh.  I've never seen that guy finish a sandwich with more zest and zeal.  He finished it so fast, I didn't get a taste haha. But I trust his enthusiastic review and squirrel faced nods! After we finished our meals, Thanh put a plate of Guava (a tropical fruit that is sort of hard to come by) in front of us.  It was so unexpectedly sweet of him. I was so touched by his hospitality and kindness.  Then, as I was eating the guavas, he packed the hot sauce for me to go! To add to the love brimming out of my heart, he also packed a second sauce for me to try when I get home.  The fact that he did this all without me asking was what really touched me.  He went out of his way to make my experience the very best I've EVER had, anywhere! Thanh undeniably and wholeheartedly deserves your business.  His food is delicious.  His service is stupendous.  He is a phenomenal host.  I wish I had found his restaurant earlier so I could enjoy it more than once.  If  you live close by, don't pass up your luck.  Walk in, order a bowl of deliciousness and meet Thanh!
