I apologize in advance for what is going to be quite a long review, but food this good deserves detail: The carpaccio was not on the menu, but a regular patron had requested it, and after he waved it in my mother's face she asked for a serving of her own, which was promptly tenderized while we waited (bang bang bang, such a lovely sound to hear while you dip your bread in olive oil so good that it didn't even need garlic or pepper). As a vegetarian I didn't try it, but my parents and sister were quite complimentary. The filet mignon medallions in wild mushroom sauce were listed as a special entree, but again accommodating us, the chef/owner did them up as an appetizer, and my sister is still salivating over them six hours later. She sopped up the sauce with the bread because she couldn't bear to see it go to waste. A pear and  Regina cheese salad with homemade dressing of a very nuanced flavor (I think he said the sweetness was apricot) was not the most exciting item, but my mother was enchanted. And the gnocchi. Oh. My goodness. The light texture, the roasted sage that permeated the olive oil, the chestnuts adding just the perfect crunch to the softness of the gnocchi itself. I would recommend going here for the gnocchi alone. Seriously. As for entrees, I only tried the farfalle that my mom and sister got (skipped the pancetta) and was very much impressed by the quality and texture of the pasta and the lightness of the cream sauce (it seems Pecorino cheese is the key). And then the scallops. As my sister put it, "It melted in my mouth - I didn't know scallops could melt!" They were indeed perfection. The only "meat" I eat is shellfish, so if I say the scallops are good, you're hearing it from someone with a great wealth of experience - and these were /fantastic/. My mom and I ordered the tiramisu for dessert, and it was soaked through with Amaretto and soooooooo good. Light, fluffy, perfect. My dad ordered a pumpkin flan that he enjoyed, but I did not find particularly interesting, and my sister ordered the cannoli with cocoa-flavored ricotta and a crispy shell, which I would not normally enjoy, but found irresistible. And to wrap up this description of what I'm sure you now realize was the best meal I have had in a LONG time, I would like to say that the brothers who own the place were impeccable hosts. They came out and discussed each dish with us, sang my sister happy birthday, and personally went out to make sure that we got the proper discount at the parking garage. Bonding of a very high order occurred. So while this may have been a very different experience on a busy night, I am firmly in the camp with those who find Porcini's a quaint and welcoming little restaurant that serves some of the best damn Italian food imaginable.
