Italian food and carbs are basically the downfall of my diets. I love them too much to ever give them up and Osteria would only make this statement ever more true. It was about a month ago that I came here with the boyfriend since he came here before and raved about how much he loved Marc Vetri's restaurants! The service was great and I enjoyed every minute of our date. We were seated in the small area of the restaurant that is glass enclosed close to windows which I love anyway. We started the meal with the usual bread basket that came with an assortment of bread and it also came with bread sticks too! I am a sucker for popovers and breadsticks. Hehe. Then came our pizza. We had the cacio e pepe with sheep milk ricotta. I loved it. Honestly, for me, the crust makes the pizza. Living in brooklyn all my life, I am accustomed to that thin crust pizza where you bite into it and you hear that crunch. Oh my..so honestly, any pizza was great! But when we also ordered the baked snails and cardoons in puff pastry. Like I said, carbs are my life. I love snails and escargot and to wrap them in a puff pastry. I may have just died and gone to heaven..hopefully they serve that there. The pastry was so crisp and had so many layers and the snail was just baked to perfection. Then came our pasta dishes. The veal and sweetbread agnolotti and chicken liver rigatoni with cipollni onions and sage and lastly came the special of the day which was a roast suckling pig special. It was basically every part of the pig in small portions and when you put man with a pig together, you have a marriage for life. My boyfriend loved that dish so much. The pastas were delicious - especially the veal and sweetbread agnolotti with pockets of lush and decadent goodness. The rigatoni was good too but the agnolotti was really the star pasta for me. By this point, we were both comfortably stuffed so we decided to share a dessert and ended up getting the coconut pannacotta. It was both beautiful in presentation and a great palate cleanser for the night! Overall, I would most definitely come back here again for the pasta and the beautifully done pizza - without a doubt!
