Alan Woo and Davis Ngo's goal is "to serve the best Banh Mi in NYC," and I would have to say that they are well on their way to reaching their goal. The tasty sandwiches at Xe May are well-crafted and easily worth their ten minute wait.  When I was there last week, I ordered the Super Cub Classic Banh Mi ($6.00) - made up of BBQ pork, headcheese, pork roll and liver pate.  It comes garnished with a topping of cilantro, pickled carrots, daikons, cucumbers and a house made chili-mayo sauce that the guys put together.  And all of this comes inside of a warm baguette, toasted on the outside.  They also offer some other sandwiches like "The Pilot," "The Hog," and "The Sidecar" that come stuffed with either chicken, grilled pork, or beefsteak.  Again, I'm not a banh mi expert, but I do know a good sandwich when I taste one.  And the Classic was pretty damn good!  I could tell by the colorful vegetable presentation and how carefully the thinly cut meats were delicately layered that the owners had given a lot of thought to this sandwich.  A nice balance between meats and vegetables, but on a side note, I would suggest that they use less carrots and maybe a bit more of those thinly sliced cucumbers for an even better sandwich.  Oh, and when they ask you if you want your sandwich "spicy or mild," just remember that spicy is really mild at Xe May.  But there's a bottle of Hot Sriracha Sauce on the counter you can always grab to kick it up a notch. Other items on the menu include a nice selection of salads, tacos (including a meatball one) and much, much more.  The Basil Limeade drink ($2.50) is a good choice to wash it all down.  It's refreshing and comes with a slice of lime and a basil leaf (not too sweet either).  This place is a small shop with just a few seats, a counter and a steady stream of locals coming in, chatting up the owners and getting sandwiches to go. Now, have these two friendly guys reached their goal of making the best Banh Mi Sandwich in NYC?   I won't be getting into that debate right now, but what I will say is that they make a really, really good sandwich that's easily worth 4 Yelp stars.
