I have no idea why I gave this place four stars initially because it's my most beloved Williamsburg restaurant, so much that I lament constantly about having moved out of the neighborhood. A recent dinner here with eight of my dearest, most beautiful friends amassed over the course of two decades is what ricochets Rye from four to five stars. Here's why: - bartender (I forget his name, but he's a gingery blonde and lived in New Orleans for many years) is an expert in cocktails. Friendly as all heck to boot. He didn't give me any shit when I requested that my "Southside" be made with vodka instead of gin, though I felt like a total ass monkey doing so. When my friends arrived to meet me at the bar, all eight of them longingly stared at my drink and then promptly ordered the correct version. - Sazerac. Only 10 fucking dollars. The best cocktail here. I usually start off with two Southsides, as they are quite easily potable, and then I switch off to the rye based drink, as it's much more for savoring (ie: don't dispatch down your throat within seconds of receipt) - service. Our server was friendly and gamely dealt with nine drunks, suggesting some of the best dishes for us. - lobster bisque (a special): oh man. I didn't share with any of my friends. I am a selfish, greedy jerk. - crab croquette. I never skip this tiny, perfectly fried ball of sweet crustacean. It's just enough for three or four bites (again, you could share this, but why bother?) and the richness is offset by a tangle of perfectly dressed greens. - roasted duck breast. Crisp skin, flavorful, a sweet hint running through the flesh. - mac & cheese that easily beats the highly touted version at Dumont (which was good six or seven years ago, but is now really bland and gummy). - roasted lamb shank. If you want to impress your date, get him or her drunk on fat and rich flavors, this is how you do it. (I guarantee you will get laid that night) - meatloaf sandwich. A classic here, and the portion is so large that you could split it with a friend, or have leftovers for the next day. The shoestring fried onions are a fantastic addition. Basically, every neighborhood needs their star bistro, and occasional destination restaurant. In the West Village, you have places like Joseph Leonard or Fedora (both jewels in the Gabe Stulman empire). Here, in Williamsburg, you've got Rye. P.S. Don't go here because then you will be taking up my space.
