Stopped in on our way to a show at NJ PAC and from the looks of it I thought that it would be a nice organized place to eat.  WOW was I wrong.  Our waitress took about 10 minutes to even come by to greet us, which by then we already knew what we wanted so we ordered our drinks and our dinner.   Now to preface what comes next I want to start by saying there was no beer list anywhere to be found and I thought I recognized one of the beer tap handles on my way in so I ordered that and my fiance ordered a glass of wine.  The waitress comes back 5 minutes later with no drinks and to tell me that the beer I asked for wasn't what they had so I said "Oh I'm sorry, what beers do you have then?"  She stumbled multiple times to list anything other than the ordinary Bud, Bud Light, Corona, Heiniken, etc. so finally I just picked what was the easiest. She walks away and about 2 minutes later here comes our food (Still no drinks for either of us).  Everything looked great on the plates nicely decorated like you would see in a nice NYC restaurant so plus points for that, but don't go running out just quite yet.  I ordered the Braised Short Ribs and my Fiance ordered one of the pasta dishes.  Finally about 5 minutes after our dinner arrived our drinks finally followed.  The Short Ribs felt and tasted like they had been left out on a chopping block under a heat lamp for hours and then re-heated on a flat top range (Basically a brick of meat), the mashed potatoes were great and so was the gravy so that was basically what I ate.  My Fiance's pasta had a weird taste to it, granted it was a pasta dish with some crab meat in it and a red sauce (weird) but it had a citrus flavor to it which was off-putting. We finished our food and were left to sit at the table for another 10 minutes or so before anyone took away our plates and or offered us any dessert.  We glanced over the dessert menu but decided not to seeing as though we were not looking forward to the quality of the food, so we finally asked for our check which then took another 10 minutes, and then another 5-10 for her to run my credit card.  Now mind you this whole time she only has 4 other tables (not busy).  So it was an hour long meal when it didn't need to be.  We won't be going back.
