YUMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best Pizza around!!!! Grimaldi's is an institution, a brand, a name in the pizza game since 1905! okay so I reviewed there other location in Coney Island and let everyone know how unbelievably yummy this pizza is, so this review is mostly about location and service. Location is great.......UNDER THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE.......its a block away from Brooklyn Bridge park (pier 1 and 2), its kind of tricky finding parking in this area, but if your going to the park you can walk from the Grimaldi's to the park or vice versa.  The actual pizzeria is a beautiful white old time building, with huge windows, arches and lots of detail. Its a landmark, has the plaque on it, apparently it was Brooklyn's first safety deposit bank, back in 1869. THE LINE: everyone says "look for the line" and they were rite! There is a line outside for seating and takeout, but I think they do this in order to keep the waiting crowd away from the dinners, since there's not much standing around space inside. Older dude keeps the line moving quickly, waited less than 10mins. Ordered my "to go" pie (we were having a pizza picnic in the park), got a # ticket and back outside I go to wait. Waited another 10 minutes and before I knew it the take out girl was yelling my #. Walked over to Bk bridge park, got a spot on the lawn, had a spectacular view of the city skyline, near the water, great weather, beautiful sunset and crispy thin crusted pizza with fresh mozzarella, and sweet tasty marinara sauce made with fresh crushed tomatoes.....what's better than that??????????? Large regular pizza is 14 bucks, toppings are generally 2 bucks. I think this a very fair price, all pies have fresh mozzarella. Customer service is good, line dude was kind of strict, but I guess that's what keeps it "moving". Didn't feel like I waited long. Take out gal was friendly. NO CREDIT CARD, NO RESERVATIONS, AND NO SLICES  (and you will have NO hard feelings about all this after trying there pizza!) Did I mention I think this is the best pizza around???....oh yea....I DID!......LOL
