Came on a Friday afternoon and arrived just before the lunch hour bustle. We were greeted warmly and seated quickly. The lunch menu is broken down into anti pastas, soups and salads, sandwiches, flat bread pizza, deep dish pizzas and some heavier entrees. On the back is an extensive list of cheese and charcuterie broken down by regions. After we place our orders I take a glimpse around the restaurant. Like the menu, it seems very simplistic and sparse but there are all sorts of small accents. The while tile and pine wood gives a fresh clean look to the interior. There are lots of smaller tables in the center of the room and larger ones for communal dining. On one side there's a conveniently placed wine store (Garces Trading Co. is BYOB) with an decent selection. Why hasn't any other restaurateur thought of this? On the other side is a cheese, charcuterie and take out counter serving many of the lunch items. Everyone behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. By the register is a selection of desserts that looked delicious. All this before the entrees arrive! I got the duck salad per the serves suggestions and it was darn good. It was probably 60% duck confit and 40% salad though, and therefore heavier than I was expecting. The salad was crisp and properly dressed in mustard vinaigrette. Hooray for lightly dressed salads not drowning in a sea of oil! The confit had moist and tender shredded duck and some fingerling potatoes and roasted peppers. Delicious and not too greasy. The poached egg was a little on the raw-er side and resembled soft boiled eggs, which I love. The whites were just barely set and a little gelatinous and the yolk was runny but definitely cooked. Yum! The flatbread pizza verde was light and fresh. It came with spinach, ricotta, green asparagus, arugula and fava beans all perfectly cooked. It's large enough to share with a salad on the side to round it all out. The insalata simplice was a misstep. It came with exactly two slices of the red grapefruit and perhaps a very small handful of the marcona almonds, and a tiny bit of shaved red onion. Yes, this was very simple (read: sparse) salad. It might make a good side salad. I'm dying to go back and try their cheeses, charcuterie, desserts and come by for breakfast or dinner as well. The restaurant reminds me of the combination Italian restaurant and gourmet shop Bottega Louie in LA. But Garces has actually accomplished this tricky combination with flair, whereas BL fails spectacularly.
