This place needs a restaurant rescue. It was my girlfriend's birthday and we hadn't been downtown for dinner in sometime.  So on a Saturday night at a quarter past 6 we walked into the Vermont Pub and Brewery.  It was slamming busy.   From the moment we entered there were people everywhere and servers were buzzing about.  After checking in at the hostess stand and being told it would be about 20-20 minutes for a table we accepted the blue electronic table pager.  We squeezed into a couple of stools in the bar area and studied the enormous menu.  The pager went off after about 15 minutes and we were seated.    But the seating was terribly cramped.  The adjoining table was right on top of us.  Every time someone got up they bumped into my girlfriend.  Anyhow, we ordered 2 Cajun Calamari's for an appetizer when our waiter took our drink orders.    The calamari arrived and I guess I was thankful for the little oil fired lamp that provided barely any light to us.    The calamari was a small, meager portion fried in oil that had seen better days.  The squid was dark and oily.  I'm going to say in addition to the contaminated fry oil that whoever cooked the squid did not let the oil get back up to the required 350 degrees cooking temperature.  The glut of oil on the plates would have qualified for EPA superfund status.  Now, on to the entrees.  I had order the grilled salmon with a double side of Béarnaise, broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes.  My dining companion had order the Greek prepared scrod with sweet potato fries.  My salmon was actually pretty OK.  It was grilled properly and flavorful.  The sides were problematic.  I was served horseradish mashed not the garlic that was ordered and all the sides were ice cold.  The dish served to my girlfriend had issues as well.  About one third of the scrod portion was laid out side of the baking dish.  It had become molded to the side of the dish during the baking and was completely dried out and inedible.  The sweet potato fries were the only saving grace to the dinner.  They and the honey mustard dressing were both very good.  With tip we were out of there for $65.00.  It was a disappointing meal and service.  I would advise you to look elsewhere if you want more than burger and beer.
