Let me start out by saying that this would of been a tragic meal on any night but it was unforgivable as my 30th birthday dinner. Backstory- I'm a Maryland/South Florida girl. My partner is from Virginia beach. We are total foodies and love good seafood. Not just the fancy finds but comfortable, non-pretentious eats as well. First we show up at 2pm on a Saturday and still manage to get a two hour wait. While waiting we naturally wander the beloved Red Hook neighborhood. We had a magical time drinking cocktails in charming Fort Defiance and bought some delicious liquor at friendly Dry Dock. By the time we were sat at our Brooklyn Crab table we were starved and in dire need to keep the birthday celebration going. Problem one. This restaurant looked like a seafood theme park. Tacky, generic decor with poorly designed seating areas. I was relieved when the host sat us upstairs with the view. Problem two. We were sat right in between a group of rich hipster douchebags from Williamsburg and a huge table of Manhattanite yuppies. Problem three. There were about 15 waitstaff standing around looking totally clueless. Our waitress finally came over, did not know anything about the menu. She walked away to get answers to our questions. Returned, took our order and told my partner when he asked for a beer on draft that they only served bottles upstairs. WTF?!?! So he accepted one from the unappealing low end bottle selection. When I asked for a glass of water she directed me to "serve myself" at the cooler by the stairs. Then she preceded to walk over to the computer terminal, put in our order, and just stand there doing nothing for about 10 minutes. This would of been a perfect opportunity for water fetching don't you think?? Problem four. Our $14 appetizer of virginia fried oysters was six dinky pieces served in an oversized bowl with the bottom stuffed with paper to make dish look bigger. They were also very very cold. Problem five. The food runner brought out the main course. Our supposed feast for two was barely covering one standard dinner sized plate. It also cost almost $50 dollars. The waitress had instructed us that the steamed king crab legs did not come with sides so we ordered coleslaw and corn on the cob. To our surprise the crab plate had coleslaw and corn in addition to an extra two tiny nubs of overcooked corn and ounce of what looked like canned coleslaw. We flag her down and send the extra food back refusing to pay for her mistake. Problem six. The crabs were cold, malnourished looking, rubbery, and unseasoned. I could of cried right there at the table from disappointment. The worst part was how sorry my partner felt that this was his birthday treat to me. Problem seven. I excused myself ready to wash my hands in the bathrooms downstairs and get the heck out of this awful restaurant. Who do I pass in the stairway walking up with a tray of beers freshly poured from the tap? Our idiotic waitress who specifically told us that only bottles were served upstairs!!!! I stopped her and asked what was the deal with the beer. She told me that the policy changed. With fury we asked for the check, told the waitress that this was hands down the worst restaurant experience EVER, and yes, we did not tip her one cent. Putting it simply. Brooklyn Crab is a total TRAIN WRECK! We hate this place. We tell all of our foodie friends, their friends, co-workers, and people on the train to avoid this place like the plague. Everyone in the universe can save their hard earned money and buy some beautiful seafood at a market or better yet go down to Sheepshead Bay for the real crab shack deal. I plan on throwing a party when this place goes out of business.
