Sunday night live band karaoke and good quality food makes this place a winner. I came with two friends and we sat outside the bar side. I disappointed at first (the restaurant side looked so much nicer with proper set-ups and candles), but I quickly realized that the bar was the place to be! The bread and beans that come out to start are delish, but the beans are a little too spicy pre-meal. It ruins the palate when you burn your tongue. My friends and I ordered the prociutto, black salt caesar, tagliatelle bolognese and a side of tagliatelle zucchini to share. The procuitto was great, but I wished there was less pear and more fresh parmesan. Black salt caesar was awesome. Very light dressing, crunchy black salt. Large portion. The tagliatelle was not my first choice, but as I was with a group, I went with what everyone wanted. To be honest, I actually enjoyed a dish that I had no interest in ordering, which is VERY rare for me. What really made it good was the quality of the pasta. It was unbelievably fresh! The zucchini side came with almonds on top (yum), but there was too much butter for it to be excellent. For dessert, we had the chocolate cake and tiramisu. Both were not of the same quality as the main meal :(  I had really hoped to be blown away. I didn't feel like drinking, so I can't comment on the wine/beer. Thinking, back I wish I'd ordered the spinach gnocchi, which looked amazing. It was a special, but the food is so good here, I think I will actually make the effort to call ahead to see if it's being served and plan my day around trekking downtown to try this gnocchi. As for the karaoke - that was a whole other experience in itself! During our meal, the waiter would disappear for long stretches as he was also bar tending inside AND sometimes singing! After our meal, we moved inside to check it out. The bar was tiny, but cozy. In one corner there was a bassist and guitarist with a huge songbook. There were about 7 customers total, including me and my two friends, plus someone's dog! It was intimate and casual and everyone took turns singing, sharing lyrics on iphones and ipads. The bartender poured everyone double shots of tequila while we all sang along to James Taylor and Sublime. One of those rare incredible New York experiences . As we were paying the check and getting ready to leave, the place began to get packed. Over 10 people walked in with a few minutes of each other. Perfect timing : )
