I don't know who Dan is, but this is just the Windsor Diner now. I stopped in late on a Sunday (they close at 8) and was immediately greeted by the waitress (I'm assuming a husband/wife team, possibly brother/sister or other relationship?). She didn't look up or smile right away, but I'm from NJ, where surly is acceptable as long as she's attentive. She did warm up later and was very attentive, so I'm not subtracting points. The clientele is mostly locals/regulars with the occasional tourist or traveler. It's not on I-91, so you have to get off at US 5 (NB Exit 8, SB Exit 9) and drive through Windsor. It's easy to miss the place, and even easier to misjudge it, as the restaurant is inside a tiny train car. Only a handful of dishes are up on the menu board, giving the impression that it's a cheap fried food joint, but no, no, far from it. I'm glad I didn't read the Yelp reviews first, because I wouldn't have dared stop by if I had. Now, I had dinner, so I can't speak to the breakfast, but it was all freshly made. I had the cabbage rolls (a special), and they were loaded with meat, and drowned in a meaty sauce. I got homemade mashed potatoes with plenty of gravy (yay), and a nice big dinner roll to sop up the sauce and gravy (more yay). I got incredibly more food with dinner than the price I paid. I also had the special soup, which was similar in makeup to the cabbage rolls (I must have had a hamburger and tomato craving) and actually seemed more like chili than soup - and they also have a chili. Fortunately, it was delicious, for the lack of liquid consistency. After that positive experience, I elected to continue with desert, and ordered the rhubarb crisp. At the waitress's suggestion, I made it warm and a la mode. This was the correct choice. I can tell the crisp is homemade (it is part of their Friday/Saturday buffet, so it must be a standard), and if there was less crust than I might have preferred, there was a ton of rhubarb, and this is the first time I have enjoyed eating rhubarb. All in all, I would absolutely come back here in a heartbeat, and write more positive reviews, and shake my head at all you naysayers. I want to come for the buffet, which is $10 for all I can eat of their best dishes. I told them I'll be back, and I mean it.
