I've been to Becco several times and it never disappoints. Although the service can be a bit scattered (especially during peak dinner hours), the food never disappoints. We always get the pasta special here. On my most recent visit we came for lunch - a great deal. The pasta is exactly the same, but it's five dollars less at lunch than at dinner. All in all, a great value. I know some say that the pasta is nothing special, but I totally disagree. My favorite is the simple but totally delicious spaghetti with tomato sauce and basil. For a dish so simple, all the components must be perfect. The pasta (homemade) is cooked until it's just al dente and the basil complements the flavors wonderfully. Since I (and often my dining companions) don't eat beef or pork, we ask for the vegetarian option, which is not a throwaway dish like you might expect. Quite the opposite, as we've found that usually it's the best out of the three pastas offered (an especially savory broccoli/garlic combo comes to mind). And you're in luck if the stuffed pasta choice is the mushroom ravioli. Wow, is that good. Another favorite was the cloudlike ricotta gnocchi. My best advice is to pace yourself. Don't fill up too much on the bread before your meal. I go for the lighter breadsticks dipped in the hummus/bean dip that they offer. Taste all three pastas before you finish one and decide which you want seconds of immediately as it usually takes a while for the servers to come out with your preferred choice. Also, come here hungry, and you won't regret it. A word about the starters for the pasta special. I pretty much always get the antipasto. It is prepared extremely well. The smoked fish and octopus and potato salad are favorites, and the assortment of pickled vegetables and cheeses are delicious. I think it's a better value and a much more creative assortment than the Caesar salad. There's usually not much room left for dessert, but when there is you can't go wrong with the ricotta cheesecake. It's much lighter than traditional American cheesecakes, but just as creamy. (We once, by some miracle, had enough room to go for the dessert sampler, and all the desserts were good.)
