Great place for both glutards and non glutards alike! Went here with my friend who lives around the corner. She had actually eaten there many times before...and never realized that it catered to us celiac-ians. She got excited when I suggested Bistango...which shows that it's everything that a gluten-free place should be....enjoyable to all. We ate here on a Monday..which was sweet because conveniently, every Monday Bistango has a discounted menu. Wines were priced at 6 dollars (YAY) and most entrees came to 13 dollars (YAY). Our waitress first asked if we had any food allergies. I responded that I was gluten sensitive, and she came back 2 minutes later with gluten-free bread. She then took our dinner and drink orders. Oddly enough, I wasn't really in the mood for pasta, but got the calamari appetizer instead. My friend and I were pretty starved and tore into our rolls like bread deprived Jews on the day after Passover. My friend was curious about my gluten free roll and asked for a bit. She concluded that she liked mine more than hers! This gluten free bread was probably the best that I've ever had---it was not dry or crumbly at all. The head chef then came up to us to ask how we liked the gluten free bread, and told us that it came from "Everybody Eats," a famous gluten free bakery not far from me in Park Slope. The fact that the chef cared enough to check in on his 'special diet' diner made me feel very welcome--which I don't feel ordinarily since I cannot eat much of what's on conventional menus. I felt pretty. And witty. And gay. Then the meals came. My friend loved her pasta with shrimp and calamari. My calamari appetizer turned out to be HUGE..so happy that I didn't order a bigger portion. The calamari and the tomato sauce that it was cooked in were good...calamari was not too rubbery..BUT my dish was not seasoned enough. I'm kind of a salt freak..I'll admit that...I actually salt pickles and pizza...so  I'm  probably not the best judge of salt contents, but my friend tasted my dish and agreed that it was very under-seasoned. With a little bit more heat and salt, the dish would have gone from a 3 to a 5. My friend and I decided to a split a dessert, and the waitress kindly pointed out what was gluten-free and what wasn't. My friend and I split an awesome flour-less chocolate cake. I am not a dessert person at all (give me a bloody steak over chocolate any day of the week!!) and even I liked it. My friend and I did the whole awkward "you can have the last bite" bit...but since I'm a huge beoytch, I actually went ahead and took that last bite. My damage, with tip and tax, was 22 bucks. For a gluten free dinner and dessert (with wine!) this is a really fucking awesome deal. Next time, I'll come back for pasta. And the gluten free Tiramisu. I think I need to go jerk off now.
