The food is on point. I've visited a slew of Thai spots throughout the city, and this is in my top three. Recommendations: Drunken noodles (pad kee mao), jungle curry fried rice, Thai iced tea. My friends had the wok chili turmeric beef, said it was good, with a catch. More on that below. Not so good: Shrimp & calamari herb salad. I love seafood, particularly those two, but I just wasn't feeling the flavor of the dish. Plus, I hate nuts, and should've paid keener attention to the menu. I had their Thai iced tea the first time I was there, back in January, and it was great. I sample every Thai spot's iced tea, and most manage to flop someway or another. This place does not. Today I opted for their iced coffee. Not bad, pretty strong though, so if you can't handle that, I'd opt for the former. I LOVE pepper. I've eaten the Trinidadian Moruga Scorpion, currently the world's hottest pepper, raw without water. So spice is never an issue for me. My friends were dying while eating the wok chili turmeric beef. It didn't phase me, so if you can handle your pepper, you'll be fine with the spicy dishes, otherwise, I'd avoid the ones with the asterisks next to them. And for the pepper lovers, they do accommodate you with a carousel of pepper flakes, pickled peppers and some other toppings like fish sauce, if you ask for it. The jungle curry fried rice was great. I got it with shrimp, they were huge and cooked perfectly, full of flavor. The drunken noodles I got the first time were pretty good too, lots of bok choy though. The wait time is usually 15-20 minutes, and the place always seems to be packed. The seating is "community" seating for the most part, everyone's pretty close to each other, and then they have a long table against a wall for singles. Do not come here on a first date. Come here with friends or someone you've been dating for a bit, and come here only for the food. It's not romantic in the slightest. Waitresses are nice and very swift. You can order before you're seated. Wait time for food isn't that long at all. $66 for three people with appetizers, entrees and one iced coffee. Definitely check it out!
