The best falafel I have ever had. Granted, I have yet to visit the Middle East to try authentic falafel from its origin (but I have tried my fair share of falafel in New York City), but Taim's falafel was pretty damn good. I had first stepped foot into Taim 6 months ago with some friends and made the poor decision of not ordering anything. I sat patiently as my friends ordered the sabbich and watched them inhale its goodness as I tried to prevent myself from drooling. It was torture. Taim had been on my mind for months, and I finally put an end to the madness when I was in the neighboring Chinatown. The falafel flavor of the day was the sun-dried tomato, so I opted for a falafel sandwich (packed with hummus, Israeli salad, pickled cabbage, & tahini). In addition, I got an order of the fried eggplant and tahini. The fried eggplant came in a shallow container and was extremely greasy. Combined with the tahini, it was extremely salty, and after eating the entire portion, I felt as though my face was going to break out in pimples due to how oily it was. It also seemed like a rather small portion for $4.50. Look at my pictures to see for yourself. The falafel sandwich, on the contrary, was delightful. The pita was extremely soft and billowy like a pita pillow, unlike those dry, thin pitas that you can buy from a local supermarket. The sun-dried tomato flavor in the falafel was very strong, and the falafel was very moist. The Israeli salad and pickled cabbage were very refreshing and complemented the falafel well. The only complaint that I have about the sandwich is that all of the salad is packed at the bottom and the falafel is placed at the top, so it is impossible to have a balanced bite of the combination of everything together. After you eat all the falafel at the top and make your way through the rest of the sandwich, you're left with just salad, cabbage, and hummus. It would be better if there was falafel more evenly distributed throughout the sandwich. The falafel sandwich made a great first impression, and I will definitely be back to try the other sandwiches, sides, and smoothies!
