I came here on a Saturday night for dessert/cocktails around 8:30pm with a group of 6 and the place was completely packed-- we were given an estimated 30 minute wait and were seated in about 15-20 minutes. From the outside, this place looks like your standard restaurant/bar but inside, it's far more upscale/trendier than I had expected. They had a guy playing acoustic guitar singing some classics and current songs-- he was pretty good and the group and I really enjoyed him! We were seated in the bar area and our waitress was very friendly! She highly recommended that we try the warm chocolate lava cake with their featured icecream flavor--peppermint. My fiance and I split that after her recommendation, another couple got the same but with chocolate icecream and the other couple split the caramel apple xango. The bar area itself is huge and they have a few TVs--perfect for watching games. There is also an outdoor patio which has doors leading from the main bar area with a large, long fire pit out front that was basically a cigarette smokers' dream as there were tons of people crowded around it, standing around smoking. The chocolate lava cake was standard-- possibly bought frozen and then heated? but it satisfied my chocolate craving and the icecream was awesome (handcrafted from holy cow in Newtown). The peppermint was really delicious-- very creamy and not too overpoweringly minty, just perfect and it really did pair well with the molten cake. The major negative was that both the molten cakes came out a good 10 minutes before the caramel apple xango-- we felt bad eating our desserts in front of them, but the icecream was melting and left us with no other choice. When we asked the waitress, she offered no apologies but said that the xango took longer because "it had to go into the deep fryer." I would have thought the restaurant could have prepared for this and started the xango first and heated up our molten cakes when it was almost ready. The place itself definitely had more of a bar vibe/was really loud-- a good place to get drinks and hang out with friends. 3 stars for the ambiance/live music. 2 stars for the dessert.
