On a dismal Monday at 9pm I came here to celebrate my first birthday as an "adult." I was in need of some serious cheering up. This meatball shop, The Meatball Shop, contained the cure to my wrinkle-filled blues. What better way to re-discover one's inner child then with menus that you actually write on with magic marker? What fun! We didn't have any wait at this time, which I understand is rare for this place, so I recommend for parties of 2 people: Mondays at 9pm! My friend and I sampled a potpourri of different meatball varieties and sauce pairings: the veggie and the chicken fennel were my personal favorites. The classic beef has pancetta mixed in, this results in curiously chewy bites. The spicy pork was a bit dry. And the special for the day was a take on buffalo chicken wings. The main issue with doing this flavor in meatball form is that it inherently lacks the crunchy fried chicken outside - a major part of the pleasure of fried chicken. In terms of the sauces I sampled: the pesto was my favorite. So green, so fresh, so fragrant. They were pretty skimpy on the classic tomato and I wish this wasn't the case, because that might have been good too. I just can't tell! Maybe ask for extra sauce (If you like things a bit saucy like I do...) The same can actually be said for all of the sauces I sampled: Just not enough! Dessert really takes the cake though! They give you huge and I mean HUGE balls of iced cream. PLUS you can design your own iced cream sandwiches - I've basically forgotten how old I am at this point. We did chocolate chip + mint + brownie and gingersnap + caramel + snicker-doodle. Both were amazing, the mint was better. This is obviously a review for an off time, but the great part about this place is that they're open until either 4 or 2 am depending on the night. So if you're in need of a ball, or two, they're your men! PS Possible celebrity encounters might also be in store for you: We saw Penn Badgley of Gossip Girl fame. Not that I recognized him, so bring a hip friend who knows what famous people look like when you go ballin'.
