I haven't been there as a sit-down diner in a long time, but I sometimes walk past The Odeon on my way to the WTC PATH Station for my commute home. Each time I walk by this summer, I see that they have set up an ice cream stand.  Normally, I would dismiss it as just another gimmick to easily separate money from the wallets of tourists and other passer-bys during the summer months with overpriced ice cream. One day, I decided to take the bait.  Their ice cream is made from the highest quality all-natural organic ingredients, which to me is is no big deal at first blush when other super-duper premium ice creams claim to be made with similar ingredients.   When the server took out the cone, however, something was definitely different.  The cones were waffle cones, and they didn't appear to have come from a box.  Instead, they were gently wrapped in plastic foil, and they seemed somehow unusually fragile. Once I took a bite of the complete cone, I was totally sold!  The ice cream is excellent, better than I had expected, but the cone literally MELTS IN YOU MOUTH like a finely made French pastry.  WOW!  This is one case where the CONE is BETTER than the ice cream, and it is a complement to BOTH! I asked the server the next time about the cone and evidently, I'm not alone on my opinions on the cone.  Some customers have even asked to buy the cone itself, sans ice cream! At $4 for the cone (with ice cream), it's no more expensive than a Ben & Jerry's or any other ice cream palor, but the difference is like comparing Domino's / Pizza Hut Pizza to the likes of Gramaldi's / Tontonno's / Lombardi's / John's. The downside is that only 3 flavors are offered at any one time, and these flavors are rotated daily.  But I don't mind.  I'll just have to adjust my route to walk by The Odeon more often! The Odeon's ice cream cones (with or without ice cream) are a MUST HAVE before this summer is over! 2009 UPDATE:  My review was based on last year's ice cream stand.  This year's ice cream stand has changed significantly that I had to drop a star. 1.  It's only open from Thursday to Sundays.  It would have been nicer to be availalble all week long. 2.  The cone is now commercially sourced, no longer fragile / melt-in-your-mouth.  I asked about it and was told the yield in making the cones in-house was an issue (I'll happily take the scraps!).  I can understand that, but I am a bit saddened. However, they have added other flavors and sorbets, and the ice cream / sorbets are still made FRESH in small batches, so it's a push.  Now I just have to figure out how to get my fix from Mondays to Wednesdays.....
