Took my boyfriend here for his 24 birthday expecting greatness. Oh boy....everything went down hill after the appetizers. Decor was very modern. The hostess was very nice and friendly. Only thing I was annoyed about was that I had emailed them earlier since I was in Mexico (couldn't call) to see if they could reserve a seat for two in the outdoor area since it was a celebration and I didn't want to go all the way there just to sit inside. They said it's first come first serve basis. For a upscale restaurant - they should be able to accommodate their guests the best way they can, but we got a seat outside anyways since it wasn't packed when we got there. After we got seated outside, the view was nice. Nothing spectacular. Even though it was next to the FDR, it wasn't as loud as I thought it would be. The service was impeccable. All the waiters did their best to make sure everyone's glasses were full and no empty plates sat on the table.There is a whole book for cocktails, liquor, beer, wines. Very good selection. We started off with the salmon tartare, east/west coast oysters and mushroom consomme. The oysters were the only thing that I would say was delicious and I could of had that for dinner all night and be satisfied. Salmon tartare was good. It was very nice that they split the mushroom consomme for us. The presentation was on point and I thoroughly enjoyed it. This is when it went downhill. I had the squid ink pasta with seafood and my boyfriend had the porkchop. Both same price, around $30. I dislike the squid ink pasta, there was some weird herb or orange zest in it that left a horrible lingering taste after every bite. Of course, I read some reviews that said it was delicious. So maybe it was just my palette. My boyfriend had the porkchop which he asked for medium but it came out well done. He said the hazelnut sauce that it came with did not go well with the porkchop. I already had a bad taste in my mouth so I did not even opt to try his dish. Overall, it was a huge disappointment.
