I wanted to love Prospect... It's spitting distance from my apartment in a neighborhood that could use some high-end options, but there are some kinks to iron out. Atmosphere:  Awesome.  White-washed brick, distressed wood, low-lighting... you know... the standard for a modern New York restaurant.  BUT!  Be careful where in the restaurant you end up.  We were seated at the bar seating overlooking the kitchen which has three major issues:  the bar top is not deep enough so if you're taller than 5'6" you'll probably be bumping your knees against the wall, AND they squeeze 8 seats into a space that should really accommodate 6, AND any happy hour specials don't apply to you... even though you're in uncomfortable seats.  Once the place filled up more and someone was seated next to me I had to fold my elbows into myself and could barely eat without bumping into my neighbor. Service:  Pleasant.  Attentive.  Sufficient. Drinks:  I'd heard that the drinks here were above average, but at $12 seemed a bit steep for the 'hood.  I stuck to beer which was more reasonably priced ($5-6).  I asked about the happy hour specials, but apparently the specials only applied to the actual bar bar... not the bar facing the kitchen.  Makes *NO SENSE*.  Glasses of wine start at $10 and go up to $15. Food:  Solid, but again a bit overpriced for the neighborhood.  I love Fort Greene, but the majority of entrees were approaching $30 which is definitely a bit steep.  The menu goes out of its way to mention non-specific vegetarian options but all that was offered was a vegetarian pasta or a plate of roasted vegetables.  The vegetarian pasta option was ok, but basically was overly al dente pasta with undercooked peas in a pretty-good tomato based sauce.  $5 charge for bread and butter?  Cray-cray. Yes. I am being overly hard on them, but if you want to charge these prices in Fort Greene then you need to present a spectacular dining experience.  I'm sure I'll be back before too long because the basics are there... they just need to tweak the details a bit to hit it out of the park.
