This place continues to blow my mind. My boyfriend and I moved to the neighborhood in October, and first happened upon this after passing their storefront and seeing a sign for happy hour oysters and $2 tacos. I live for oysters and also work at an oyster restaurant, so I had to check it out. Patio was wonderful, the place was surprisingly near empty. I guess on weekdays in Park Slope happy hour is a bit barren most places. The place had a wildly delicious looking menu, so we decided to come here for my birthday at the end of October. The place was very quiet, but the staff was wonderfully attentive and accommodating. This is when we met Ermira. She is unbelievably sweet, knowledgeable, and all around a great server. And this is coming from someone who's served for around ten years. She heard it was my birthday, and we got a complimentary amuse, and a dessert with port! Such a treat. We left high on food and great vibes. We came back for brunch with my family from Jersey, and while she wasn't there, the service was great. We made sure to make reservations a week in advance, since there were seven of us for Saturday brunch. GREAT brunch food. But really, nothing compares to their service and food at dinner time. We THEN had to come back for my boyfriend's birthday, and she remembered us! Again, there were few tables in the place, and we sat in our same spot. Same treatment as last time, she hooked us UP. This is why I always say, treat your servers very well, and they will return the favor. It's not that hard of a concept to understand, but so few in this city get it. Just last week we came again because my sister and her fiance were in town. She remembered our names, was her super cheerful, effervescent self, and my family loved her. THEN, with all of us just having happy hour oysters, tacos, and a couple appetizers with a couple drinks, she STILL hooks us up with an amuse and a dessert.  I have never left this place feeling anything less than elated. Ermira is amazing. The food is SENSATIONAL, and easily one of our favorite restaurants in the city right now, but I find myself thinking; if not for her infectious attitude and amazing service, would I still think this is one of the best spots? Who knows, but I will not stop coming here for as long as she works here. :]
