I'm a fan of Jose Garces restaurants and had been itching to try Village Whiskey for quite some time, but had been daunted by the tales of 3 hour waits on weekends. So .... one dark and stormy weeknight I calculated my chances of getting seated in a timely fashion higher than normal, and off to Philly we drove. The "waitlist" was kept track of on an ipad, with an option of loitering around and crowding the very small establishment(I expected a much larger space, no wonder the lineups are mad!) or being texted when a table is available, to which you need to reply you are on your way. Quite modern and efficient, much better than the buzzers of yore which only allowed you to stay within a small radius. My dining companion and I decided to crowd around the bar given the torrential rain outside. And yes, Village Whiskey was still packed on such an evening.  We were seated soon after. For appetizer we ordered the Herb Roasted Oysters - juicy, flavourful, warm only second to the Parmesan baked Oysters I've had in New Orleans, I'd highly recommend these. I ordered the Village burger and added on the horseradish crab salad on it, while my hungrier companion ordered the $26 Whiskey Burger  (with the standard toppings which are by no means standard) - applewood bacon, fois gras, blue cheese and maple glazed cipollini onions. And a side of duck fat fries to share. While waiting for our dinner to arrive, I sipped on the "Debt Collector" (Apple brandy, port, lemon, and some bitters) an excellent and refreshing not-too-sugary choice,  just as i like my cocktails. I also tried a bit of the Cuba Kula (3 different kinds of rum, absinthe, lime, orange and bitters) which was also equally good. Our food arrived about 20 mins from when we ordered. My burger was delicious, cooked to medium rare perfection, juicy, delicious and quite messy to eat (Disclaimer: avoid on a first date unless you feel very adventurous). I was really happy with my burger till i took a bite of the Whiskey burger... and another... until it had to be pried away from me. I had a serious case of burger envy. Complex complementing flavors and textures, meaty goodness... Jose Garces is a god. The only negative things I can say about this place are that the fries are not all that. The waitress forgot to bring out our fries with the order and had to be reminded. On arrival they seemed to be a bit overcooked. Definitely skip the fries in favour of other sides would be my suggestion. Also, another minor complaint would have been from the Whiskey burger  the bottom bun was a bit soggy - perhaps due to all the toppings. The Village burger held up quite alright however. We decided to skip dessert in favour of more drinks. I ordered the Fishhouse punch, really good, but  quite sweet. I also had a sip of the chocolate shake my friend ordered, also top notch. I think the Whiskey Burger is by far the most indulgent other-worldly gourmet burger I have ever tried, and cant wait to go back so (after a day of fasting) I can order one all to myself, and try some other cocktails. A "MUST TRY" for any visit to Philly for the more food inclined traveller. A solid 4.5 stars.
