That's right, I only give 1 or 5 star reviews.  The truth is, I'll only take the time to write about a place if I love it or hate it.   As for JG Domestic, I love it.  I've spent a bunch of money here, and it's worth every penny.  For the longest time, Fork was my favorite Philly restaurant.  I still love Fork, and have never been let down there, but it's in Old City, which has devolved into 90's Delaware Ave, complete with shootings and fistfights.  I'll happily go to Fork on a weeknight though, but I won't go within 10 blocks of Old City on a weekend.   Back to JGD-  I've had dinner here twice, and lunch once.  My first dinner, my companion and I ordered a la carte.  Everything was phenomenal, except for the "Boar Rack" entree.  You see rack, you expect a rack, right?  Well, for all of $26 or so, you get one rib.  One fucking rib.  It's a tasty rib, but the menu should come with a Chinatown style warning: "ask your server before ordering."  Despite this misstep, I'm still giving GTC 5 stars.  Why?  Because they do so many things right.  The cocktails are great, their Victory/Garces beer is excellent (lemony hefeweisen), their sides, like butternut squash croquettes are phenomenal, and their beignet with bourbon caramel and vanilla whipped cream make me want to go back again and again.  I'd eat those beignets for breakfast, despite the fact that I'd have whiskey flavored caramel all over my face and hands. On another trip, I had the Sunday Night BBQ dinner, which consisted of more food than I could ever imagine eating in 1.5 sittings.  I eat a lot, despite my awesome physique, but I just couldn't go on.  I was completely meat-ed out by the end of my meal (that's my version of meat coma).  The highlights of dinner were smoked baby back ribs, peel and eat shrimp, jalapeño cornbread, collards, green bean salad, caesar salad, and blueberry cobbler.  The highlight of my meal, however, was their Maryland crab soup.  That soup is in my top 3 things of the best things I've ever eaten.  All this for $40 a head was not bad at all. Go there.  It's big, the location isn't ideal, and the acoustics are terrible, but damn, the food delivers.
