Came here because this place has been seeing some really good reviews and write-ups so we gave it a whirl. We arrived around 2:30 for a later lunch thinking we could bypass the wait, but no such luck.    Had about a 45 minute wait for a table of 2, but they got us a table in 30 min. This place is noisy! Not really a bad thing though, but hard to hold a conversation without having to shout. The waitstaff here is topnotch. Our waitress, while busy, was very prompt and showed good knowledge of the menu. This place was packed! It seems as if Balthazar is now a tourist  restaurant and right-of-passage for non-locals. The food: I started with the Terrine de Lapin (Rabbit terrine with pistachio). It was OK, but had a very strong raw garlic flavor that was almost too much. Maybe I just got a bad slice? Texture was also too rubbery for my taste. My wife started with the Mushroom Soup. The soup was seasoned well and tasted great. The only downside was that the mushrooms were pureed into the soup. Personally, I would have liked to see a few pieces of 'shroom floating around in there. For our main courses I had the Duck confit and my wife had the pork belly. The confit of duck was done well; Moist meat and crispy, delicious skin. The plating of this dish however was bad. Here you had this lovely confit, and then a random scattering of Greens, Fried Potatoes (chips) and wild mushrooms. They were literally all tossed together, with the chips being left to get soggy from the mushrooms and the greens just getting in the way. A cleaner plating would have made this dish amazing instead of just OK. The pork belly was one amazing dish! Crispy, fatty, porky and delicious; This dish had it all. The grits served with the pork belly were surprisingly good. I highly recommend ordering this dish if available when you go. Now for the fries: They were good.....but not great, nor amazing. They were executed well, sliced thin and fried crisp. I really hate to say this but for those of you who want to come here for the fries save the plane ticket; Make a béarnaise sauce at home, take it to McDonalds, order a large fry no salt and there you have the fries from Balthazar. Good fries, but not life changing.   Dessert here was very good. The Pot de Creme was very well done, and the passion fruit sorbet was done how all restaurant sorbet should be. The sorbet was not gummy, nor corn syrupy sweet. It had the texture of densely packed snow and a good passion fruit flavor. Prices were reasonable, coming before dinner helped a bit. Balthazar does a lot of things right, but also misses the target sometimes as well. I feel like this place could be becoming a victim to it's own success. 3 stars. Good, but not the Godlike place it can be made out to be.
