This place is SO worth the hype.  The food is delicious! I've been here twice already.  (Best times to go on the weekend for us day job people is between 3-4).  The first time I came here, my friend and I got the truffle burger, the manly burger, the sweet potato fries, and the onion rings to share.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  The burger is a wonderful medium rare as they promised.  Toppings perfectly complimentary and delicious.  The buns are slightly toasted and just structured enough to hold these monster of a burgers together.  The burgers seem small, but there is just so much flavor that it fills you right up.  The sweet potato fries are AMAZING.  Wish I could say the same about the onion rings, but we can disregard that for the rest of the meal. The second time I came with my boyfriend.  Apparently it's truffle season, and since truffles and mushrooms are signature ingredients with the umami flavor, they had a couple special burgers and other dishes that were truffle themed.  What we ended up with are the two truffle special burgers (I can't remember the names, only the delicious flavors), the truffle fries, and the smushed potatoes.  My burger was a regular truffle burger with port onions.  The port made the burger extremely refreshing, since umami can be a little overwhelming.  There was just that bit of sweetness that just made this burger amazing.  My boyfriend's burger had a bit of arugula (I think), this crispy fried thing (sorry, I'm so uncultured, I don't know what it was), and a fried egg.  I've never seen such a perfectly fried egg before.  It was completely circular with the yolk right in the middle.  My boyfriend loved his burger so much he refused to talk to me the entire meal and ate most of it with his eyes closed because he was in euphoria.  The truffle fries were a little overkill considering everything else we got was truffle, but they were nonetheless delicious.  They came with three sauces, a spicy and sour sauce, a garlic aioli mayo, and their signature umami ketchup.  Oh my god that ketchup.  It's like some beautiful tomato soup in the form of ketchup.  I heard you can purchase it, so I might look into it.  The smushed potatoes were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Really enjoyed the texture.  Also comes with truffle mayo.  I think I overdosed on truffle this day.... If you go, prepare to be stuffed for hoursssssssss.
