I might not miss living in the city as much as I used to, but one thing I do miss is the food. Tonight's dinner at Perilla is no exception. While not a mind-blowing experience, I left more than satisfied, glad this place is more than just the hype. Rarely do I order simply based on reviews, but everything I've read about in the Times and other places seemed too good to pass up. The highlights of the meal were definitely the starters and sides: the cuttlefish was flavored to perfection, and the pork belly was nicely crisped on top of the fat with the golden raisins a sweet and delicious touch. As everyone else has written before, the faro risotto was amazing, and as a side portion, was the perfect size to enjoy but not feel engorged. The dinner entrees had a few sore spots, but nothing so egregious that I didn't enjoy the meal. My partner ordered the roast duck, and I'm not sure if it was uneven cooking or the overly-efficient fans that made parts of the meat taste a bit too chewy/gummy. (Note on the fans- lovely ventilation in the peak of summer, except all our food got cold- fast!) The parts of the duck that were cooked right were fantastic, though watch out- if you're having the duck AND the pork belly, you might just feel like you're about to have a coronary! While I liked the skate, I wish that here I had branched out and chosen something else that sounded more interesting, like the sea bass. While really tasty, I wasn't expecting the skate to taste so rich- it was breaded and had a distinct flavor of lemon butter. With the mustard flavored greens, the richness was tempered, but not enough to my taste. And I've never had skate the texture of chicken before-kind of weird to me. The greens were delicious, though I couldn't eat more than a bit because they were so strong. Like the skate, I wasn't expecting the taste I got from the greens- almost like an Indian yellow curry. Good, but not quite what I was in the mood for. The wine suggested (Baron K Riesling) matched my seafood perfectly. Service was attentive and prompt. Decor minimal (wish there were better insuation for sound control) but tasteful. Good music (caught some of REM's Eponymous, Interpol, and Johnny Cash). I even saw Harold pop between the kitchen and backroom a few times. Highly recommended for couples and small groups.
