I am very surprised how bad the service was here after reading reviews on yelp.  I came here with the family earlier tonight since my father wanted to try pho for the first time.  I usually go to Saigon Pho but since this place just opened I wanted to try it out as well.   First of all, the service was terrible.  We were seated right away and were handed menus.  We looked things over and when the waitress came to drop off our water I asked her to put an order for a summer roll.  After discussing with my family what we were going to order as an entree we waited for the waitress to come back.  I saw that she was busy with the table next to us so I waited, and waited.  Enough time pasted by and I finally called her over and said "excuse me" and she turned around as if I was the one disturbing her and says "Yes??".  I asked her if we could order our food and she said to wait one second.  She went to the counter to grab her pad and took our order.   So after some time our summer rolls comes out which we quickly finished and waited for our entrees.  The waitress comes over right before our entree comes out and tells us that they don't have any Bun Bo Hue left.  How are you going to tell me this seconds before our entrees are served? AND I do not know how a Vietnamese restaurant can possibly run out of Bun Bo Hue.  Anyways, so I told her that we will just order another pho.  2/3 our order comes out .  I had the the rice vermicelli bowl with grilled pork (B1). My mother had the pho house combo (P1).  This is when we realize that we have no utensils or napkins at our table.  So I had to ask the waitress for utensils.  She comes out with chopsticks, 1 plate, and napkins.  I had to ask her for additional spoons for the pho. The food overall was decent.  The summer roll was mediocre but the lettuce was not fresh, and the shrimp was very small.  The pho was good but the experience with the waitress really threw us off and I didn't enjoy my dinner at all.  I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime in the near future. I regret not taking my parents to Saigon Pho instead.
