I might never get over the experience I had here at The Little Owl because I can't stop thinking about it. It's been four full days since my meal here and I'm still riding a diner's high. Even though I've always been a "food first" type of diner when I eat out, I've learned with experience than in order for a meal to be "memorable"... for me to say "that's a top ten meal", it's not just about food. It's MOSTLY about food but it's also about hospitality, settting and comfort. Little Owl, you hit on all cylinders. First off I should say that the expectations were VERY high. A chef I worked for (*ahem*, a James Beard award winning chef I worked for) in San Francisco called The Little Owl his favorite restaurant in NYC. I try not to have high expectations when I go to restaurant for the first time. Usually I have to fight it, especially when it's backed by an endorsement like that. But right when we walked into this tiny, 28-seat dining room that looks like much less that 28 seats, I felt right at home. Antique walls combined with high ceilings and framed antique photos of God-knows-who just felt very "New York" to me. Our reservation was at 5:00PM, the first booking of the night. I never like to be the first ones in a restaurant. It just screams "tourist" to me since it's such a non-traditional time to eat. But soon after we sat, the restaurant filled very quickly. Our sever was very genuine and hospitable. Sometimes I dislike being "Asian" in a trendy restaurant because I feel like I'm being stereotyped as a "Yelper" and the only reason why I'm here it's because I followed other people's reviews. So I decided to test my server's wine knowledge and asked her to describe a few of the wines on their wine list. She described the wines in a very genuine, clear and direct fashion which came off as "I've had these before" as opposed to just blowing smoke up my ass. I really appreciated that and after a taste of my wine, she was spot on with her descriptions. She also poured me a small amount and allowed me to taste it before pouring the full glass, which I took as a sign of epicurean respect. This is reserved mostly for ordering bottles of wine. We decided to go with simple fare for dinner: Meatball sliders, fried calamari and the pork chop. The simplest items are best when judging a restaurant, because it takes the "easy fix" of using expensive ingredients to cover up a mistake. When the dishes are this simple, it comes down to one thing: execution. Each dish was as perfectly executed as one can be. Meatball sliders, hot in the middle and "not-dried-out". The bun a sophisticated shell of crunchy outside and airy light middle. Calamari coated in a well seasoned dredge, including a dredged fried lemon cut thin enough so that it was flavorful and substantial, but not cut too thick so that it is bitter. The pork chop was the clear winner: Double cut, brined and rubbed with a smoky blend of spices and cooked to a perfect medium rare with a nice thick layer of juicy fat letting me know that yes, this pig once lived a happy life. Set on top of gigante beans and dressed with wilted dandelion greens which is the flavor of wild grass brings the entire pork chop together, which turns it from a dish to a meal, which then turns it into an experience, which then becomes embedded in my memory. See what I mean? Great food channels my emotions. That's why I take this so personally. Another funny thing happened during our meal. Sitting by the corner, we noticed people with their cameras, both young and old, standing across the way taking pictures of the building The Little Owl sits under. Every 20 minutes, a new group of people snapping photos. Some standing in the intersection to be a part of the photo. "What the hell?" I thought. I googled 'Bedford and Grove NYC' on my smartphone and learned that this building is the setting of the apartment from FRIENDS. Two things popped up in my mind immediately: One, I hate that show. Two, FRIENDS is still relevant? That show has been off the air for years! Come on, people. So go ahead people. Make that reservation months in advance to Momofuku, Gramercy Tavern, Ippudo and everything else trendy NYC. I'll take The Little Owl all to myself.
