Late night drunk food at its best! There is something about being in the city late at night, drunk or tipsy that sparks the conversation, the idea, the topic that always begins with..."I'm madd hungry...Are you guys hungry??hmmm... How about... CHICKEN AND RICE???" This is exactly how every drunken night in NYC turns out. I don't blame everyone though, this place really serves some good chicken and rice! There is a difference, like all restaurants, between this cart and the many other carts you can find in NYC. I absolutely hate it when people say so many things are the same, especially when it comes to franchised restaurants but that is another story. Back to the important things about this cart. This place is KNOWN for chicken and rice. We don't say, hey, let's go to 53rd and 6th halal cart. We say who wants some chicken and rice! That item has been associated with this cart which is a pro and a con. It's a pro because it sorta sends out that message of how good the chicken and rice is, but it's a con because people may not even realize that the lamb that they serve is also reealllllyy GOOOODDD. I often order the combo because you get half chicken and half lamb, which satisfies my hungry and taste for both meats. The most IMPORTANT thing to remember is to add that white sauce though. Without it the dish becomes dry and somewhat forgettable. It's not that the white sauce is that good, but the white sauce bring everything together perfectly. Because of the way the meat is prepared, the texture and flavor of the rice they use. All this for $6!!! That's another reason we are more inclined want chicken and rice because this is were you get the most bang for your buck. TAKE HOME TIP! Alright, you either couldn't finish all your chicken and rice or decided it take some home to eat tomorrow. The question is what is the best way to reheat you chicken and rice? Microwave???NOOOOOO. Microwaving tends to dry out the food and somehow loses a lot of its flavor. The alternative to this is my preferred, simple and easy method 1. Taking out a non-stick pan and DO NOT ADD OIL, (there is enough oil still in the food that will release after warming). 2. Dump the chicken and rice in the pan and start heating up. 3. After you hear the rice somewhat start to sizzle take a tablespoon or two of water and drop it in the pan and then immediately cover. 4. After 1-2 minutes take out the cover, stir until all the ingredients are nice and hot and serve on a plate. 5. Don't forget the white sauce!! Make sure you either have left over white sauce or a whole container. Add it to the dish at the end like you would if you just bought it! Doing it this way will preserve the flavor, rehydrate the food by steaming and keep the original texture since your cooking it over a pan.
