Vermont is home to some truly unique dining establishments and many of which have cuisine that can rival the best of any large city. Simon Pearce Restaurant in Quechee is one such restaurant. I visited the restaurant on a busy Saturday afternoon in early December as part of a large family gathering.  With our party of ten, two of which were children, I knew it was possible that we would test the ability and composure of the wait staff and timeliness of the kitchen. Both exceeded my expectations proving that the Simon Pearce Restaurant is definitely worth the trip. The restaurant has been at the historic Mill location for 25 years and boasts of their continuous support of local farmers and environmental conservation. A short description on the menu outlines how they use the mill's hydroelectric power to provide energy for the glass-blowing furnaces and electricity for the retail store and restaurant. They also recycle their cooking oil to fuel Executive Chef Joshua Duda's Mercedes that was converted to run off of the leftover canola oil.   The menu is a mix of tried-and-true favorites like the hearty Shepherd's Pie ($15) that has been on the menu since the restaurant opened in 1983 and seasonal dishes featuring Local Venison ($16) in a delicious stroganoff with pappardelle noodles, mushrooms, onions and spinach, topped with a dollop of sour cream.   I started my meal with the Arugula and Anjou Pear Salad ($9) topped with almonds, Great Hill blue cheese and white balsamic vanilla vinaigrette.  The spicy and sometimes bitter taste of the arugula was delightfully offset by the sweetness of the vanilla vinaigrette. The crushed almonds and tangy blue cheese added another layer of saltiness that complemented the other flavors. It was a delicious salad, a perfect way to start the meal. My husband tried the featured soup of the day, Tomato and White Bean (cup, $5, bowl $7), which he described as bubbling with flavor and the freshest of ingredients. I quickly determined that if the soup and salad were this good, then the meal was sure to legendary. The ambiance at the Simon Pearce Restaurant is also worth noting. From almost any table you can easily see the rushing waters of the Ottauquechee River through their large and beautifully wood- trimmed windows and take a peek at the waterfalls and covered bridge.  While we waited for our entrees to arrive all of us enjoyed wandering around the glass and pottery shop that has made Simon Pearce a household name.  All of the tableware, glassware and centerpieces utilized in the restaurant are made on-site. Sipping on a soothing Hot Mulled Cider ($3.50), I dove into my entrée, Atlantic Grilled Steelhead Trout ($17) upon arrival. The fish, which is also known as a freshwater salmon, was perfectly broiled with a maple mustard sauce so that the top layer was crisp followed by a tender, juicy center that melted in my mouth.  It sat atop a roasted butternut squash hash that was tossed with roasted red potatoes, cranberries, and shallots in an herb and cream sauce. The combination was spectacular. The meal was a chance for my husband's family to gather and celebrate his mother's birthday. Which meant dessert was a sure thing. There are many enticing sweets to choose from and luckily since there were ten of us, we had the chance to sample more than one. Out of the desserts (all $8) that donned our table, from the Roasted Anjou Pear Cheesecake to the Spiced Pumpkin Bread Pudding, the one that garnered the most ohs and ahs, was the White Chocolate Mousse Cake. The white chocolate mousse itself was sinfully good, but what made this dish undeniably the best of the day was the decadent raspberry sauce. The sweet sauce was generously poured over the cake ensuring that you could taste the fresh fruit in every bite. The Simon Pearce Restaurant is open for lunch and dinner six days a week and offers brunch on Sundays. Several of their menus are featured on their website, SimonPearce.com. Look for their Simon Pearce Reserve wines and glass-blowing workshop hours, since the watching the crafters of this incredible art only add to the dining experience.
