Over the past year, I have come here about twice a week. Think about that. That's a lot of freaking pancakes. So it goes without saying that the pancakes here are amazing. They are. This place has ruined pancakes for me. I can't eat them anywhere else without being disappointed. This place does have the best pancakes I've ever had in my entire life. And I've eaten a lot of pancakes. Also, the service is absolutely spot on. The waiters all very knowledgeable about the menu. The hosts are very friendly. The food comes out so quick it's unbelievable. All of this stuff is pretty above par. But Steven, why only 4 stars? There is a distinct variability when it comes to toppings with your pancakes. I get chocolate chip pancakes almost every single time I come here, and those come with chocolate chips and whipped cream on top. Now sometimes I get an adequate amount and sometimes I get more than I need (but I eat anyway!) and sometimes I have to get extra because it wasn't enough. Usually, it depends on your waiter. But your mileage can vary a lot. The variability issue also comes up with the corned beef hash. I want to assure you that I'm not saying that the corned beef hash is anything less than perfection. It is literally one of the best things I've ever had. It's made fresh and is just of a higher quality than you will get anywhere else. However, sometimes it is served a little burnt to semi-burnt to incredibly burnt. Sometimes the onions are chopped up really fine and sometimes you will get incredibly large chunks. Again, nothing major. But as these two are what I get most of the time I come here, it's a little disheartening to have it not be the same as you got  previously got. Now the above two things aren't actually enough to just give it fours stars. The variability issue is hardly a problem and won't affect your enjoyment of the food that much, but it's there. More importantly though, they recently raised their prices by a significant margin. And it has actually stopped me from going there at least once a week. At the start of the review I said I've been going here a lot over the past year; every Sunday with my older brother and usually Tuesday morning with my boyfriend. It's a lot. But now the prices have gone up enough that I don't even go once a week. And that's mainly why it has four stars. It's still fantastic and still the best pancakes you will ever have in your entire life, but now they're at a significantly higher price. And that sucks. But still, for people who just want an amazing breakfast experience, come here. You won't regret it. (Oh, and somehow the apple pancake didn't get affected by the price hike, and that thing is out of this world.)
