I bought a Groupon (yep one of those) months back and had forgotten about it until a week or so ago...timing was perfect though as I had a one year anniversary to celebrate so I made 8:30pm reservations for me and my better half on a Thursday night. Street parking in the area proved a little challenging so we arrived a few minutes late but were promptly seated.  We were seated in the back room that is somewhat open to the kitchen.  I have a love-hate relationship with this seating - it can be really fun to see the chefs at work, but usually results in more noise.  It worked out well here though as there was lots of activity but I never felt as though it was interrupting conversation or distracting.  It was fun seeing all the different dishes being whisked away to the tables.  The atmosphere was nice with plenty of space so you weren't crammed against the table next to you, but it still felt intimate. Our waiter nice and helpful, but not overly conversational if you will, which is fine with me.  The first time he came up we hadn't even looked at the menu but he gladly gave us more time and returned a short while later to take our orders.  They have a pretty extensive wine menu.  I love me some red wine, but I'm not very knowledgeable so it looked good to me.  They were out of the first wine I chose so our waiter made several recommendations in my price range and we were soon sipping a delicious red (which I forget the name of now). After reading all the great reviews, I ordered the Fazzoletti.  Even though I've never ordered anything with duck at a restaurant, the reviews here still made it sound delicious.  My date went back and forth between the gnocchi and ravioli, but the waiter didn't hesitate to recommend the gnocchi so she went with that. The food was absolutely delicious.  The handkerchief pasta in my meal was light and tasty and the duck ragu in a creamy sauce was also very good.  The lamb shoulder ragu in the gnocchi dish was outstanding  and the smoked gnocchi...mmm.  We had also ordered the cheese and honey appetizer which was very good and the bread basket is soft and fresh. Dessert selection was good as well.  I was tempted by the cheese selection based on some reviews I had read but had a sweet craving so we ordered the Caggionetti and Semifreddo al torrone di cioccolato.  Both were wonderful but when I return I would probably get the chocolate. I will definitely be returning here, hopefully in the warmer months because the outdoor patio looks fun!
