Oh no, another Tabla I thought, strolling through the doors of Ilili to the dimly lit, swanky lounge area, complete with a full bar, lavish couches and jazzy elevator music from a Carnival cruise. But I couldn't have been more wrong.  Yes, Ilili is all about style - but it retains substance too, quite a bit of it, and manages to update the classic Lebanese cuisine while staying mostly authentic to its Middle Eastern roots. Food: We started off with four mezzas - the Lebanese equivalent of tapas - but before we even had the chance to order, we received a nice-sized plate of labne (strained yogurt) with seasoned zaatar to munch on. The labne, sprinkled with fresh mint and green olives, was fantastic, not an afterthought as is the case with so many complimentary starters at similar establishments. Hommus ($7.50) was standard, good enough to savor with the incredibly pillow-soft bread that arrived with it, but not very complex or robust, only adequate. Instead, order the much tastier baba ghannouj ($9) if you need your dip fix, or better yet, ask for another bowl of the complimentary labne, if you have no shame (I don't). The black iron shrimp (five for $15) were delicious and spicy - very spicy, the jalapeno and cilantro working well with traces of garlic and sweet grape tomatoes to temper the heat. We ordered this on the advice of our server, who mentioned that it pairs flawlessly with the hommus, but I couldn't find the correlation, if only to have the pronounced flavors of the prawns compensate for the bland chickpea blend. Either way, nothing that evening could compete with the Brussels sprouts ($13), which, the server didn't need to tell me, came perfectly paired with a napkin to wipe my lips clean when I was done salivating. These were delicious and hearty, the sweetness of the grapes and fig puree juxtaposing well with the fried, savory sprouts, which were nearly overflowing from the generous-sized bowl. The branzino ($18), flaky and juicy, and grilled in a tahini pepper sauce was fine, but nothing earth-shattering. The portion seemed a bit on the smaller size for a main dish, although the diner who ordered it was definitely not complaining; the fish was gone in a matter of minutes. Lamb chops ($18 for two) also came a la carte, with only two roasted tomatoes and a smattering of field greens embellishing the mostly-white plate. The meat, medium-rare, was juicy and fatty, with the kind of sumptuousness and gamy after-taste that marks a good lamb, but I would order something a bit more multifaceted next time; two lamb chops on a plate doesn't do anything for my eyes, or my appetite. We shared the Phoenician fries ($9), which were oversalted but not overrated. While I may have to consider a daily regimen of Lipitor if I make Ilili a regular dining spot, I absolutely won't think twice about ordering these again; I couldn't discern if they were seasoned with actual sumac or just more salt, but these fries were fantastic. The portion was big enough for at least three people, and the delicious, creamy garlic whip was so good we had to ask for another round. If Bloomberg has his way with his anti-sodium crusade; these will be the first to go, and countless New Yorkers will feel very deprived. The meal ended with a Turkish coffee (excellent; very black and just as strong), which was more like an espresso, and the apple pain perdu ($12), which was severely overpriced for what was essentially a slice of French toast with caramelized apple bits and pine nuts on top, much more like a tarte tatin than a gooey, hearty, bread pudding, the version that I'm more accustomed to. At lease the scoop of coconut sorbet that arrived alongside the brick-like bread was refreshing.   Atmosphere: Ilili has it all in terms of atmosphere; a narrow hallway that opens up to a spacious lobby that welcomes diners into a scene straight out of the Meatpacking District: a sexy bar, comfortable couches and tables to place your florid, overpriced, sugar-laced cocktails on. There is even an upstairs dining room, complete with another bar, for a more private eating experience. Service: Our server offered plenty of advice and recommendations, none of which really helped. At least she was attentive, and pronounced all the dishes correctly. Value: I will be back, but not for the overpriced entrees, at least not the ones from the grill. I'll be returning for the dinner prix fixe (two mezzas, one main dish and a dessert for $38!), offered Sunday-Wednesday, but particularly for the mezza platters, three of which are offered ($52, $59 and $126). Although Ilili has a sizable, diverse menu, its mezzas are definitely its strengths, and its amazing space is conducive for exactly that type of communal, tapa-style eating.
