First time at Cuban Pete's last night, and I am a fan!  It may not be for everyone and I certainly understand some of the complaints in the previous reviews but if you are looking for a good time, as in a loud and fun party, Cuban Pete's is the place.  It's just what I needed as I am dreading the end of summer so the Sunday night of Labor Day weekend I met a friend there for dinner.  Loud music - YES!  Colorful crowd - YES!  Authentic Cuban menu - YES!  With the palm trees, music and Latin languages heard from the other tables, it really felt like Havana.  The downside is you need to be in the mood for this type of place.  Looking for a quiet, romantic place, this is not it, except maybe in the middle of January.  The outdoor patio was packed and barely room for the wait staff to move. That said, the service is very slow.  We were in no rush and actually enjoyed being able to sit there for a few hours.  Our waiter came back twice to take our order and on the third time, we were ready.  We ordered the Manchego cheese and spinach empanadas which were fabulous.  The dough on the empanada wasn't greasy and was flaky and tender.  The sauteed shrimp with double garlic was also terrific but it almost burned with the amount of garlic.  Be aware - if you like that kind of intense garlic flavor I would definitely go for it. The 2 different ribs we each ordered were good with a complex flavor profile that I couldn't begin to describe.  The downside was the amount of fat left on the ribs, probably for basting and tenderness.  I know it wasn't a low cal meal!  The sides were variations on beans and rice and the cooked yucca was delicious.  Somehow the outside was slightly crisp and the inside tender and flavorful; I had never had yucca before.  The portions were huge so we each brought home a doggy bag with equally as much food as we ate. It's BYOB so lots of people brought wine and made sangria with the many options the restaurant offers. The crowd seemed to arrive right after 6 pm and continue through 9 pm so I would get there early if you want a table.  Large parties were the norm and birthdays the primary celebration. Be aware the birthdays are celebrated by the wait staff with loud drums banging and singing.  Not subtle and definitely not quiet.  But if you're in a party mood like I was last night, it's all part of the welcome atmosphere.  I will definitely be back.
