Finally!!  Ever since Mara's Homemade moved out to Long Island, there has been a hole in my belly just waiting to be filled by crawfish.  I would really love to give it 5 stars, but had to knock one off because the selection at Mara's was so much better... I'm missing items like the chargrilled oysters, crawfish cheesecake... and HURRICANES.  Also, the bloody mary needs work... to be fair, I had had two earlier at Locanda Verde for brunch (phenomenal), so these paled in comparison... but seriously, they were only a tiny bit better than if they had been made with V8.  And I hate a bad bloody mary.   I was here with a large group of friends... even so, the waitress said this was the most crawfish she had ever seen anyone order there.  Over 50% of the group was from New Orleans, so they are serious about their crawfish.  We got somewhere around 35 pounds of crawfish... some  shrimp as well.  Sides of gumbo, cajun fries, mac and cheese.  The crawfish was finger lickin good... we got the boil special sauce, a combination of Old Bay, lemon pepper, and garlic butter + secret ingredient.  I'm told by the experts of our group that this was Texas style... different from the boil seasoning I was used to, but good nonetheless.  Shrimp was good, but I think I would personally forego those next time so I can have more crawfish.  Sausage, potatoes, and corn came with our order... the corn was somehow sinfully sweet even though corn is not in season.  We were left with bags of sausage and potatoes when we were done though.  Oh, that's one other negative:  the crawfish comes in big plastic bags.  Kind of a weird serving vessel, especially when you're Asian and have to take photos of all your food.  We felt bad letting that sausage and yummy sauce go to waste and imagined it would be good served over rice, so we asked the waitress to pack it up... only to have her come back with more plastic bags to double bag them.  We told her we changed our minds about taking it home.... how ghetto to be carrying your leftovers home in clear plastic bags??  Please get some takeout containers!!  I'm still crying over that wasted sausage and sauce.  As far as sides... gumbo was good... I don't know how authentic, but I'm told it was decently so.... cajun fries were crispy.... mac and cheese soooooo good.... I think they use some of the garlic butter in the crispy crumb topping. Service was fantastic.... very friendly and attentive.  Buckets of shells removed and drinks refilled regularly.  Atmosphere is casual... as it should be for any establishment where you're expected to wear a bib.  I think we already decided we're coming back next week.
