Solid.  Ruby's is a niche burger, so it's hard (and maybe not fair) to compare it to other burger experiences.  Although they serve a really good burger, it's not really a "burger place" (much nicer, I'd argue). Burger - I got the Bells burger (plain beef patty without the chili, mayo, egg, etc. accouterments).  The patty had more seasoning than most, and so I skipped the usual condiments (just as well... they weren't brought to the table and so I'm not even sure they have them).  The bun is actually a ciabatta roll, and it works perfectly to soak up all the juiciness from the patty (there is a lot!) If you order it medium, it'll be perfect. Sides - It comes with a salad.  It's not wrong, just surprising.  No fries anywhere to be seen.  Also, they set a small dish of olives on your table for snacking on.  The burger was hefty enough that no one in our party was left hungry, even though we didn't order any sides. Drinks - But they have smoothies (didn't try them), and Australian beers (not Foster's!), and wine.  And coffee.  They serve breakfast here but I haven't tried it.  During the 4pm - 7pm happy hour, they serve $1 PBRs. Other menu items - Ruby's is a good place to suggest if you would really really like a burger, but are with a group of people who are looking for something else.  They're stealthy that way.  The menu also includes a number of panini, salad, and pasta options.  I looked at them suspiciously as though they were red herrings, but then I saw them coming out of the kitchen and, hey, they actually looked pretty good!  My friend was captivated by the aroma of a bolognese that arrived at the table next to us (fortunately our own burgers weren't far behind). Finally, the service.  Ruby's is indeed a tiny establishment, and so we had just one waitress taking care of everyone.  She was very attentive and authentically nice.  Even though the place filled up by the time we were finishing, she never rushed us to leave (though we did the right thing and didn't hog our table once we were finished).  If you are coming with a group of people on a Friday (like us), I suggest you arrive not much past 8pm, as people will keep trickling in until every table is full. I kind of want to go back already (day after).  That's how I know it's definitely a 5.
