I'd been to this restaurant once before and thought my husband Dan would appreciate the place.  On a recent Friday night, we decided to give it a try. We didn't have a reservation so when we arrived to a full parking lot, I was worried they were going to be really crowded.  There were people in line as we entered the restaurant but the bar was only partially full so we asked to be seated at one of the side tables there instead of the dining room. We reviewed both the Enoteca (bar menu) and the regular dining room menu before making our choices.   As we waited for our bottle of wine to arrive, we admired the decor of the bar.  It had a nice rustic feel starting with the long wooden bar.  Our table was next to the wine room and we were able to look at the many bottles through the glass wall.  I haven't been up to the second floor dining area yet but will have to do so on my next visit. I love a good cheese platter and started my meal with the Formaggi (sampling of artisanal cheeses).  The beautiful display of cheese was presented on a small wooden board.  There wasn't enough bread but the cheeses and candied walnuts were delicious. For dinner, I chose an antipasti (grilled quail) and a side dish (creamy polenta).  The quail was grilled to perfection and quite tasty.  I wish I had ordered two of those for dinner.  The big bowl of polenta was a big disappointment.  Though the polenta was made with three cheeses it was a bit bland.  I had a few spoons but left most of it. Dan had the double cut pork chop which came with spinach, a potato pancake and a candied spring onion.  He raved about how the juicy, moist and well-seasoned pork chop paired well with the crispy potato pancake. We decided not to have dessert but did each have a glass of port.  Unfortunately, they were out of the Churchill's we originally ordered and we had to settle for our second choice which was still good. My only complaint from this evening was that the staff kept trying to take my plate before I was finished.  I do have a tendency to eat slowly and this has happened to me at other restaurants.  Dan suggested I start bringing a STILL GRAZING sign with me when dining out to avoid this in the future. As its motto, Eno Terra says Eat Local. Drink Global.  On their menu, expect to see lots of offerings that feature produce, meat, fish and dairy products purchased from local farmers.  Though a little on the expensive side, they have a nice wine list. This wouldn't be an everyday place for dining but it's a great place to go for a special occasion or an evening of pampering.
