How is it possible that a meal can make one feel so complete, satisfied and happy?  What magic does an orchestra of the chefs and the wait staff serve you on Bouley's fine, ivy china? How can a meal be so exhilarating and yet so calming?  As all these existential-level questions are burgeoning in my mind, I am finding myself at a loss for words... Bouley was something special and I can't put my finger on it, I just want to have it all again... Bouley is not food, it is not about eating, it is about having an experience - of being comforted and taken care of, of tasting the exquisite and drinking the sublime. The place: I was enamored with the fragrance of the apple filled lobby, the coveted cheese chariot, the ambiance of the cozy, old-fashioned dinning room that makes you feel like you are having a dinner in a manor on the estate that has been in your family for generations... if you ever were lucky enough to be born into such a family. The service: The service was fantastic: I loved the incredibly professional, yet utterly human and friendly wait team, the approachable and polite sommelier and the delightful Mr. Le Pain, who offered the most interesting cassis bread to complement our foie gras.  Oh god, I sound like such an elitist! Moving on... The food: We went a la carte, 'cause the first two of the five tasting menu items would kill my dear husband (being shellfish and all; my husband was taking care of the bill, so an untimely death was really out of the question; (Je t'aime et merci beaucoup, Mon Cheri!) and, in my personal opinion, subs are never quite as mind blowing) so a la carte it was... The Blue Fin Tuna - perfect presentation: the tiny flowers, the fava beans, the sprouts, all arranged in an elegant wreath around the slices of the blue fin sashimi.  Study this masterpiece before consuming, burn it into your retinas, it is a modern day Vermeer (sans the yellow) and it deserves to be remembered. The Foie Gras - well, they kinda beat Antibes' fois gras, which to this day has been my paradigm of all things foie gras (yes, I am THAT poor, my best foie gras costs $12). "So, foie gras?" - you say, judgmentally raising your eyebrow. Unethical? Absolutely! Delicious? I am sorry, was that rhetorical?   Personal note on the appetizers:  Mnsr. Bouley, please add a bit more variety to the appetizer menu for those poor souls who can't do shellfish! Then, there were the entrées:  the lobster, my tasty, perfect lobster and the delicious cod:  both subtly flavorful and impeccably prepared.  I think this was the point at which I resigned myself to the fact that I just capitally cheated on Jean Georges, and... I was ok with that.  Yes, even Daniel was fine, but utterly perfunctory, like bad sex with a guy you don't really care about that much anyway (never happened btw)... but this - this was meant to be - Bouley and I were meant to be, I love you, David (in a metaphorical and 100% platonic foodie way).   I'll give everyone a moment, to compose themselves after that emotional scene... Ok, I've been raving (moping?) about my dinner and I can see your attention drifting, so I am gong to keep this real short. Basically, amuse bouche was cute, desserts were awesome, wine was excellent, service, yet again, superb.  I love this place!  It made me so happy, I literally slept like a baby through the night, I don't think a restaurant has ever made me feel this way before. I expected it to be overpriced, underwhelming, stuffy... but it really wasn't any of those things. In the way of epilogue I'll say: a $500 a la carte dinner for two with wine by the glass will not seem like the most rational way to go, if like me, you belong to the 99%.  But the only other place I've tried food like this was in a little-known provincial town called Paris. And you know what? - a trip to Bouley is cheaper than a trip to France! So just go!
