I must be very forthright here.  This place surprised me in a few different ways. Full disclosure: 1.  I am a long time friend of one of the co-owners 2.  I generally don't like avocados or guacamole 3.  My first knee jerk reaction was to not like their uniquely flavored pickles 4.  I have only been to Brooklyn Commune once 5.  I did travel from NJ to get there, so I was a bit beside myself for spending the $8-$14.50 simply on tolls...  That being said, the prices for the food didn't phase me all that much. That all being put out of the way...  My family and I, I have a 5 year old daughter, and a 7 year old son, and a 30 something year old temptress as a partner/wife...   Before going, I was given a simple caveat: To avoid the rush...  ON THE WEEKENDS, AVOID THE MORNINGS...   If you want to see and be a part of ridiculous lines, I highly recommend the nearest Apple store before a product launch, and the Park Slope food coop, on a Sunday evening. Remember TPO, time, place and opportunity.  We arrived around 5 pm on a Sunday.  It was active, yet not as treacherous as a lot of the people talk about.  I got to meet the staff, and took a tour of the space...  It is quite cozy...  and to think it was formerly a laundromat, was quite impressive. Progress not perfection...  That is a saying I live by.  For the neighbors and the neighborhood, a save haven, and food spot like the Brooklyn Commune is really a home run. I ate everything pork...  Their BLT, and their pork sandwich.  Their open kitchen plan and most of the food made on the premise idea really struck me as 'back to home' good, quality and savory food.  The guacamole that was on both sandwiches really was a interesting compliment for the sandwiches.  (that is coming from a fella' who generally hates everything avocado).  Sadly they ran out of mac and cheese.  I will definitely keep this future meal on my to do list... Chris (one of the co-owners) and I talked about a future multi-cultural/multi-ethnic singles/dating event at the Brooklyn Commune...  (tentatively the idea is called, crackers, oreos and bananas) that will be an event, that you may want to attend... All the best to everyone who shops/eats/works/supplies the Brooklyn Commune...   My kids loved their "pink stuff"...  (some grapefruit magic love potion).  Their cookies were also devoured in a few moments. In pork, pickles, magic pink love potion, and passion we trust...
