This place is in an odd location. My GPS took me down some dark neighborhood street and I almost thought I was lost before the restaurant appeared almost out of nowhere at a fork in the road.  Upon walking in, the decor is warm and inviting though it seems like it was slapped together in a hurry- some parts of the wall aren't completely painted and some light fixtures are ever so slightly crooked.  The restaurant is very small and they play their music up a bit loud for the dinner crowd.  There was some obnoxious song on and the patrons at the bar were all singing along to it.  This would have been a fun atmosphere if it wasn't 8pm and I wasn't trying to enjoy a meal and have a conversation with the other person at my table.   When we walked in, the hostess asked if we wanted to sit at the bar even though there were plenty of open tables.  When I declined she seated us.  The menu has plenty of choices at fairly reasonable prices.  For dinner I ordered the grilled chicken Caesar salad and my boyfriend ordered a grilled chicken wrap with roasted red peppers and fresh mozzarella.   It didn't take long for our entrees to arrive and they certainly looked promising.  After the first bite, though, I knew it had all gone downhill.  My chicken was totally flavorless.  The "Caesar" dressing was watery and bland.  And the lettuce itself was still soggy from being washed (I assume).  The only tasty part of my entire dish was the croutons which I assume were store bought and not made on the premises.  I asked for extra dressing hoping I could douse it and perhaps make it at least semi edible but the dressing our server brought just looked like a ramekin of milk.  There was absolutely no flavor or spice to it- definitely did NOT taste like Caesar dressing.   My boyfriend's wrap was no better.  His wrap smelled like a dish rag and his chicken was bland as well.  Even the potato salad had a funky taste to it.  The best part of his entree- the pickle, which was probably store bought.   When our server came to clear our table she noticed I'd barely eaten my salad and asked if I wanted it wrapped.  I told her no because I didn't really enjoy it.  I mentioned I didn't like the dressing very much and asked where they got it.  She said it was their own recipe.  I'm sure my face in response to that said it all- "get a new recipe!"  She asked if she could bring me out some ranch dressing instead.  Hello?  Ranch dressing on my Caesar salad???  Umm...no!  She mentioned that she was aware their Caesar salad was watery.  To me, this means I'm not the first to have disliked it which begs the question, WHY are they still serving it?!   I left still as hungry as I was when I arrived and I will not be back.  I don't give repeat business to a restaurant that is aware of problems with their food and does nothing to address it.  There are far better places to spend my money on a meal I can actually enjoy.
