I have been to Buddakan in the past and I think the environment is chic and modern. I love the artistic bit in regards to the chair covers of friends of family of the owners. The issue that I had here is a moral and upsetting one that was not handled properly. I have been in the service industry for 8+ years, from restaurants to hotels to conference centers to event planners and have never felt like my needs were more ignored. I am a practicing vegetarian for over 6 years and went to Buddakan for restaurant week, twice. Once with friends and once with my boss and coworker. I had the vegetable fried rice. Although this does not say 'vegetarian' I believed it also should have informed people that it was not!  To me, that seemed like something that I should be able to consume. Not the case. After ordering and eating half of the side dish, I felt the need to ask the waitress about the ordered meal. Yes, the 'foam' that came with my dish included gelatin. (PS. The Vegetable fried rice on the menu was the only "'vegetarian' looking" option, so that HAD to be vegetarian....right? Nope.) My waitress also did not know this answer right off hand...she had to ask the manager. I was horrified! I pushed my meal back and could not eat anything further. My waitress barely apologized, only explaining that she knows that it's 'stupid' that it is on the menu in the way that it was and that she would be upset too...but no apology or trying to fix the situation.  The manager did nothing either to accommodate my discomfort and confusion. NOT COOL. Also, to say, GOOD THING I asked about the dessert. The mango, something or other had GELATIN in it as well! I cannot win around these parts, I tell you. I am super easy to accommodate, especially in accidental issues such as this. They did nothing!! I was offended and could not eat for the rest of the day. Now I must go write a positive review, because I hate hating on people. It just is an issue that I think the restaurant should work on. I expected more of Starr.
