Phillips Seafood has some odd locations. You would think they want a stronger presence in New York City proper. But there' s apparently just this one in Liberty Airport and one in Atlantic City somewhere. Eh. No matter. Whatever their restaurants do is not the basis for this positive review I would like to give them. I've eaten in both spots I just mentioned and neither was remarkable enough to waste much time reviewing. No-- what I want to talk about are their cans of seafood which they ship/deliver to you; in thermal-pak cooling containers. This is how I was first introduced to their products. Folks, I don't know how much extra it would cost to have this unearthly, otherworldly seafood experience sped to your door in under a few hours (their packing plant is right across the river from Manhattan, in Jersey). I don't know that any amount of money would make a difference to me; if I had a choice between a large amount of it--and this seafood served by the Phillips Company.  I wonder what it would be like to live somewhere that this kind of heaven could regularly descend like this. My top-favorite-seafood-of-all-time-list goes like this: (1) raw oysters (2) lump crabmeat (3) lobster. From Phillips --on holiday one year--I was treated to several cans of their best lump crabmeat and I don't think I can express how overwhelming it was. I grew up on the east coast and I've sampled cold, jumbo lump crab all my life. Baltimore, the Carolinas, Philly, Maine, Connecticut, Massachussetts. It always rocks my world. But in the Phillips regime, jumbo is just one tier of their crab selections. Its the middle child. You can get a can of 'lump crabmeat' for $15; a can of 'jumbo' lump crabmeat for (I recall $25) and you might think it ends there. Not so. Shellfish lover: if there is one experience you must not leave untended to in your brief time here on earth; you must order a $50 (fifty) dollar can of Phillips' 'COLOSSAL'  lump crabmeat. Its transcendent. The knuckles of soft crab flesh packed in this tin are about as large as your thumb muscle. Chilly, briny, succulent, precious morsels of fantastic crab flesh. Steal. Beg. Beat up a nun. Sell your sister. Sell your manhood. Sell your children. Kill. Come up with fifty dollars however the hell you have to. Do whatever you have to do, to engorge yourself on this delicacy. If they serve anything like this in their restaurants, go for it. .
