Going to NY for a great drink, not necessary anymore.  When you go to Le Malt, you feel like you are in one of the best places in NY, Vegas, Hong Kong, etc.   The place makes you feel like a VVIP.  Extremely rare and exquisite selection of any brown spirit you can think of along with wines also.   Table side Cocktail service with a Mixologist serving you some of the hottest cocktails available including some white spirits.  They had a cocktail called Billionaire Cocktail!!!! It was $150???  I didn't try it but it sounded amazing!  I had the Hennessy Black Mojito for $14, and it was one of the best Mojito's I have ever had. I was surprised to have a Mojito with Hennessy but it was well balanced/delicious.  Also the fact that the bartender had a rolling cart that rolled up by our table and mixed the drink live in front of us was well worth it. They had over 700 brown spirits to choose from by the glass!  This is absolutely unheard of.   I was literally in heaven! I didn't venture of into something new and got the Macallan 18.   They served it in a Riedel glass with a perfect round ball of ice.   BTW, they had a strong wine selection too.  The service was immaculate as there was a server and a helper taking care of things. Did I forget to talk about the the tapas?  Yes, they had finger food, not just wings and fries like most places but really nice options.   They had Lamb Chops with a twist, Kobe Beef Sliders, Seared Scallops, Foie Gras, to name a few.  We ordered a few and were not disappointed, they were presented very nicely and hit the spot as they paired well with our drinks. This is an amazing place and there is nothing like in NJ at all.   I totally felt like I was somewhere else.   The selection was impeccable, and the service was bar none.  I can't wait to tell my friends about it and be the hero of bringing them here to show them this unique gem.   I urge you to stop by and see this place for yourself, my words cannot describe the warmth you will feel once you see it for yourself!
