Horrible service. Dined there tonight 6/20/11 and was ignored by our rude waiter (talll dark skinned man of African descent with an accent) as 2 other tables received entrees before us..and we arrived 30 minutes earlier to a COMPLETELY empty dinng room - literally we were the only ones there.  Although the food was ok, its hard to enjoy when the table next to you is talking about what to order for dessert and you literally watched them walk in 20 minutes after you.  We stopped mid way through and just ended the meal...it was just ruined because at the point all we were doing was thinking about the people next to us enjoying dessert already and talking about their lava cake.  It was embarrassing for us actually.  When I complained to the owner or manager (not sure who she was but had been walking around like she owned the place)  at the front after the meal (thin overly tan older woman with chopped short blonde hair) she said very crassly "oh yeah, you ordered your apps and then your entree 15 minutes later" (somehow knowing about us already...which was odd) to which I replied " yes we did... And we also ordered our entrees prior to any other guest being in the dining room so, what exactly is your point"... She was so rude.  Then she pointed to a table of 13 people in the front and said "see this table of 13 here...if anything went wrong with one of their meals, thats what probably happened".... Excuse me lady??? How does that get the 2 people sitting next to us their entire order up to dessert before us & we got there 20 minutes before them???  The last thing this crummy person did was she checked her "high tech" computer system and announced "oh yes, i see right here you were here exactly 1 hour and 36 minutes"...(we walked in at 6:07pm because I hung up with a business call as we walked in and at that time it was 7:55pm exactly).  Upon this ridiculous announcement/excuse I had to look at my phone because i KNEW her time was off.   It made me even more angry at the nerve she had to answer my complaint of an unsatisfctory experience with this garbage about time.  I didnt even say anything the correct her because it didn't matter...i knew then I was dealing with a jerk.   What was her point anyway?   Does 1hr and 36 minutes excuse the fact that we were neglected and treated like garbage? In hindsight, I should have said something in the dining room to the waiter but was trying to be polite and not disrupt the other diners.  The tables are extremely close and once you make a scene, everyone knows it.. My mistake.  The waiter obviously forgot to put in our entree orders (which is a human mistake and can happen) but then instead of being kind and coming over to let us know he is sorry for the delay he ignored us to the point where it was overly obvious... At least explain to us the obvious... Tell us what the hold up is... But no.  We watched as other tables were asked "how is everything"... Nothing was said to us. Really? You do work on tips right? To ignore a diner is worse than anything.  In a town were the choices are numerous and many restaurants fail to fill to capacity it is shocking the this owner tried to make excuses instead of saying sorry.  The waiter received a $5 tip on $94 and in my opinion that was too much based on his unkind behavior.  He was completely rude when he handed us the bill and looked in the other direction and smiled in the most phony manner imaginable.  He didnt want to face us because he knew he screwed up.  I am sorry though, if you had said sorry... Our fault... We made a mistake...ANYTHING... My husband and I are easy going, light hearted people... Until you treat us with blatant disrespect.  Also, my thought was that by giving the owner an opportunity to be honest, say "hey, let me talk to the waiter or chef...see what the hold up was" ... "sorry please come back..." ANYTHING but try to blame us for ordering our entree 15 minutes after our appetizer (when there were NO OTHER people there)  I feel I gave her the chance she deserved as a courtesy... But to blame me for their own shabby and unattentive service??? That is the ultimate insult.  The only thing I did wrong was deciding to spend my night at Fascino.  That is it.  In the end my husband just said "Come on honey, let's go" because I was getting nowhere with this horrible woman.  At this point the idiot waiter was standing behind this woman near the bar listening in... I shoock my head and just said "very dissapointing" and left.  Now I will never return and will tell my friends in town to go elsewhere.  Its funny if you start reading reviews on this place I am not the only one who received this poor service.. Opentable has several complaints and one guy a few reviews down had the EXACT thing happen to him.  STAY AWAY from this place.
