Our favorite meal on our recent trip to NYC. Kefi is Michael Psilakis and Donatella Arpaia's more casual Greek spot (Their 1 Michelin Star upscale Greek Anthos closed last year after Psilakis sold his stake in it to pursue other projects) in the Upper West Side. Rustic decor and much larger than it appears with a full basement dining area. They have a $35 3-course prix fixe menu with some of the menus more popular items. For +$8 you can add a fourth course. We decided to share family style with two of the four of us adding on the 4th course. Apps: - Selection of Spreads: Yogurt (tzatziki), "Caviar", Eggplant, Chickpea (yelp.com/biz_photos/xRN2…) - All were very good, but the Chickpea spread (hummus. called revithia on menu, but not soup) was great. A lot of lemon (which you don't find often) gave it pop. - Grilled Octopus & Beans (really dark pic yelp.com/biz_photos/xRN2…) - OMG!! Super tender. Nice grilled flavor. Favorite of the night. - Meatballs, Roasted Garlic, Olives, Tomato - Pretty standard, but well executed and delicious - Kefi Salad: Shredded Lettuce & Fennel, Tomato, Cucumber, Olives, Peppers, Onions, Feta - Greek salad stepped up a notch. Delicious bright dressing Extra Course: - Sheep Milk Ravioli, Brown Butter and Sage (yelp.com/biz_photos/xRN2…) - People mention this in reviews, but we were not wowed. The flavors were there, but the pasta was undercooked and hard on the edges where the raviolis were sealed. - Sheep's Milk Dumplings, Tomato, Pine Nuts, Spicy Lamb Sausage (yelp.com/biz_photos/xRN2…) - Another AMAZING dish. Pillow-y dumplings. Great sausage. Tasty sauce. 2nd favorite of the night. Main Courses - Grilled Branzino, Potato, Olive, Tomato (yelp.com/biz_photos/xRN2…) - Two folks ordered this entree. Nicely cooked, moist fish. - Braised Lamb Shank, Orzo (yelp.com/biz_photos/xRN2…) - Fork tender meat wallowing in it's own juices (I mean that as a good thing). Tasty orzo. - Roasted Lemon Chicken, Potato, Garlic, Dill - My least favorite of the entrees, but still had nice flavor and well cooked. Dessert: - Walnut Cake, Walnut Ice Cream - we were stuffed and were boring and all got the walnut cake. Once I took a bite I couldn't stop eating and finished mine . . . does this place have an elevator to street level?!? Friendly service. Was slow at one point for another round of drinks, but otherwise there when you needed them. Not the perfect meal, but I'll give it 4.5 stars overall and round up.
