I went to Rye per a recommendation of a co worker and decided to bring my GF for her bday. First impression walking in was the classic Williamsburg hipster decor with dim lighting, presumably reused wood and antique looking art/ table settings/ silverware & furniture. The bartenders had the classic "I'm cooler than you" look with the required facial hair and silly ties to match. The hostess resembled a ghost straight out of American Horror Story. Is it a requirement for all the staff to have that undead ghostly pale look that seems all the rage in places like this? Upon being seated in a Bankhead booth we were quickly approached by our lovely waitress for the evening. We decided to try the Old Fashioned since Rye is the signature drink. Pretty stiff cocktail to say the least. We ordered the Mac n cheese w bacon to start and was very impressed with the dish (takes about 20 minutes to prepare). Boiling hot and enough to share with 2-3 people w/ nice thick pieces of bacon. For my entree I chose the signature meatloaf sandwich for $16. It was amazing. A HUGE sandwich enough for 2 people. It is served on a ciabatta like roll with homemade slaw and fried onions. I definitely recommend this sandwich. I also ordered a side of fries as well (probably not necessary since the sandwich is so large). They we're cooked to perfection! My gf ordered the roasted chicken entree with mushroom risotto for $26. It was fall off the bone delicious w/ 2 large, moist pieces of chicken served with flavorful risotto and butternut squash. The service from our waitress was great, she was very knowledgeable about the menu and the establishment and the food was amazing, well worth the price. Only reason for the 4 stars and not 5 is the price points are a bit high and the menu leans towards the heavier dishes (ALOT of meat). Also, no burger on the menu which is a surprise, not a knock tho since the meatloaf sandwich fills the void nicely. I'd recommend Rye to anyone willing to pay for the quality and looking for a nice night out.
