I went with my family for my birthday. We all did the Mesibah complete chef tasting menu. It was posed to us that the Chef would be pretty much choosing what we ate. We started with a Salatim & Hummus with Laffa. This was essentially an assortment of small salads (carrots, beets, eggplants, green beans, etc.), two variants of Hummus, and the Laffa (a type of flatbread). The Turkish Hummus was extremely flavorful and the texture was very light but creamy. The Salatim's were good but they were nothing to difficult or substantial.  Then there was a selection of the Mezze plates. I assume that every time you go this selection will change as it is the Chef's choice. We had the Crispy Haloumi (a wonderful dish that I imagine is a sort of cream cheese and jelly of the Levant (that's Israel btw). The Fried cauliflower was light and crispy. The Beef Cheek Pastilla and the House Smoked Sable were both very good dishes as well. The Sable was served over a sort of french toast (sounds weird but it works). And then came the main course. The whole-roasted lamb shoulder with pomegranate & chickpeas. It was brined for 48 hours, smoked at Percy Street BBQ (overnight) and then finished with the pomegranate sauce. It was so tender they didn't give knives. It was one of the best pieces of smoked meat I have ever had. The deserts were also very tasty. We also got a bottle of Israeli wine that was very smooth and delicious. The waitress choose it for us. I also had the Marble Rye drink, which is a pumpernickel rye drink. It was weird but in a good way. The wait staff was extremely polite and very knowledgeable.  At one point a drink was given to me by mistake. I was nice and pointed it out to a waiter. He stated that it was given by mistake but that it was on the house. It was a nice gesture and shows that this is a professional restaurant. The decor is very nice but it is a smaller sized establishment. The neighborhood is nice and it is close to the water for a little after-dinner walk. Overall, this place is as on point as they come.
