this review is long overdue, and i went with my girlfriend months ago. I still look forward to going back again. the first thing i noticed was that the location and decor was all well balanced and put together. the day we went, it was nice and sunny so it made for a nice country home dining ambiance. our waitress was great! very informative, patient, and had honest recommendations such as the grilled flatbread, kale and endive salad. my girlfriend had the linguini with brussel sprouts and mushrooms, and i had the fried chicken. both dishes were excellent! very tasty and done well. first off, i want to say the pasta was done well because its done the right way, a nice sauce with ingredients that were well paired to create a nice harmony of flavors with the pasta. not like some restaurants, where i know pasta isnt their forte and they just end up giving you tons of sauce with overcooked pasta. this is a sign of a restaurant who simply has a good chef, and cooks, which usually leads to the rest of the menu being delicious whatever you might want to order. the fried chicken i had was also done well, the batter was a more crunchy and chunky and country type of style which was great. as many of has tried many different kinds of fried chicken, i don't care if people say they don't like it. fried chicken is one of the many things that can be very subjective and screw all you who try to make it sound like your opinion on it is the only one people should listen to. and on that note, if you've been here recently and had to wait in line for a long time and have complaints, shut up, and just go eat something. otherwise understand the fact that restaurants get busy, they get popular and yes, other people will gladly wait as well. try making a reservation or go out and eat some more and realize on weekends and days that people obviously go out to dine, it WILL be busy. anyways, back to the food. the waffle that came with my fried chicken was cooked nicely, and i was thankful that we chose to eat there at a time it was not overwhelming for the kitchen to serve dinner. its tough when its super busy and people are being attentive to consistency. overall, dinner was exceptional and buttermilk channel definitely satisfied our tastebuds and appetites. OH, props to the bartender, and for them having great fresh juices. we didnt get a chance to order any specialty cocktails or anything but, our campari with grapefruit juice drinks were so great and you could taste that they actually used real fresh juice, verses some places that say they do and just use fruit nectar or bottled. I know i'll be going back again soon to try other things on their menu. maybe even something from their vegetarian menu!? (everything sounded delicious on that menu as well) i didnt notice anything that i didnt like, but the food game is tough, so we will see how they hang in there next visit =)
