As soon as I sat down, I was served the most unique free appetizer - crispy kale chips (I think it was kale) and a cool blue bottle of water. What better way to start: great intriguing appetizer and a gorgeous looking bottle. I am not a nitpick judge on Top Chef. I value a restaurant's interior design more than its food. That said, from someone uninterested in food, I must admit that the burger here is one of the best ones I've ever tasted. It was levels higher than Five Guys and a few notches higher than those I've eaten at hotels. It was really good. Don't expect a huge sized burger. The size was just right and more than enough to fill you up. It comes with a choice of side salad or fries. I of course chose the fries (potato wedges) which were awesome. I am used to crispy fries. These ones were softer and more roasted but still very good. Plating was decent. Clean, modern but not that impressive or avant garde. But, I think their vibe is more casual and rustic. Coffee was in a vessel that you press down. It was cool to look at but still tasted average. It wasn't bad. I just expected it to be extra magical because of the magical ritual involving the pressing-the-coffee-down bottle. At least I got the option of almond milk on the side. As a design snob, I pay notice to even the small sources of beauty. You can see the design intent all over the place. The mismatched chairs. The equally mismatched but equally gorgeous row of ceiling lamps. Are mismatched things the new gorgeous trend? Exposed bricks. One yellow wall. Weird but engaging wall art. The long farm-like tables. It somehow all works together. That's the magic of Brooklyn's DIY aesthetic. Service was pleasant, constant checking in if everything is going well without sounding fake or being too obtrusive. Overall, I'll come back for the decor, ambiance and the awesome burger. It's hard to taste a McDonalds BigMac after that burger. The place's interior design is equally delicious too (but the bathroom needs some design love, it was the only disappointment).
