We just had the worst experience. For any woman who has been pregnant you will be shocked: My sweetheart is 8 months and 2 weeks pregnant. Typically the restaurant doesn't accept putting people on their list over the phone, which we understand. It's a very busy place. We called to see if they could make an exception given that she is very uncomfortable walking around or waiting in the hot sun outside. The person we spoke with on the phone rudely said they could not. I explained to her that my wife could not wait 40 minutes for a table being so pregnant and that it would really help if we could simply put our name on the list prior to getting there. That way we could wait at home in a comfortable environment for a pregnant lady, the person simply hung up on us! When I called back, I nicely asked for the manager to see if that person would make an exception. The woman did not put me in contact with the manager, didn't give me a name, but she did say that she would put us on the list after all. We showed up 40 minutes later, the waiting time she had quoted. The hostess said they had not put us on the list and said we'd have to wait another hour outside. The woman I had spoken with on the phone, Whitney, flat out lied when the hostess asked her, saying that she had told me no such thing! The hostess was also rude and unhelpful. By this point my wife was starving, which is unhealthy for a pregnant person. We had waited 40 minutes and had travelled all the way down there expecting to be on the list. We had wasted money on a taxi ride down. To add insult upon injury, there were two available seats right behind us that they were not even seating anyone at that point.  When I asked again for the manager, they refused to give the person's name or contact information. They were unapologetic about the whole experience. Frankly their attitude was deplorable. All they had to do was be polite about it and show the least bit of concern and actually believe a customer. Plus, to be told to your face that you are a liar is pretty insulting. It caused my sweetheart distress as well. If they had no intention of putting us on the list then they should not have told us they had. It's just so bizarre and strangely vindictive. I have never been so disgusted by a restaurant in my life and I will never go there again.
