So, I have to start this review saying I just watched the little video of Shawn Jones, executive chef and owner of B4, saying right off that bat that the goal of his restaurant is to make everyone feel welcome. I'm disheartened to say this, but I can't say I exactly felt that from him when my wife and I were there recently for brunch. I understand that B4 just started their brunch service recently, so I'm hoping that this will change, but the morning we wandered in there, I would say they have some work to do in managing their operations for brunch. While we waited--granted without a reservation--with a cocktail, we watched a line of tables set up for a group of 10 stay empty for well over an hour. We were told when we came in the wait would be about 20 minutes; we ended up waiting at least 45. Meanwhile, a handful of two tops behind the wall of the bar were dirty and no one--including Mr. Jones himself--were cleaning them up so that we and another couple could sit down. When I peaked around the wall from the bar to see these empty tables and then asked a man who seemed to be kind of acting like he worked there (turns out now I know that man was Mr. Jones), he actually snapped at me and turned on his heel and walked away shaking his head. Um. Wow. Finally, however, when I was about to walk out, we were seated in one of these now cleaned up tables by the much friendlier host and then we were waited on by a very friendly server, and life got much better. (I will add however, that two tables beside us remained dirty during the entire time we sat there.) The food, as others have said, was delicious. The sweet potato waffle with fried chicken was to die for--amazingly good that we ate every bite and I would have licked my plate. The waffle was divine, crispy waffle that was tender in the middle. The fried chicken was incredible--a crunchy addictive coating surrounding juicy chicken. Yum. My wife had a perfectly cooked omelet, simply but elegantly made with goat cheese and fresh herbs. The cocktails were delicious--I had a ginger beer and maker's mark concoction that I've had a craving for ever since. We will do our part and make a reservation and go back to B4 for dinner and try again. And I really do hope things turn around for them at brunch--maybe everyone was just having a bad morning.
