First, I will say I NEVER write reviews on these sites. Secondly, I wish I could rate this establishment based on different categories. My husband and I come here at few times a month to enjoy their breakfast and lunch for the past year or so. For Food, I would easily give 5 stars. Their food is outstanding. I have not had a bad entree in all of the times I've been here. We love everything from their Amazing Creme Brulee French toast, to The Kitchen Sink, to delicious lunch items. We've never been disappointed in the food, EVER. Now, the reason why I did not give them 5 stars.... The WAIT... Granted, for good food, we are willing to wait. However, I noticed that past few times my husband and I came for breakfast, there is preferential treatment when it comes to seating their guests. One more than one ocassion, the 2 young hostesses sat their friends and family within 5-10 minutes of walking into the restaurant. While others, myself included, continued to wait 45 minutes to an hour for a table. It was clear that those people who did not have to wait, were friends/family of staff. As soon as those guests walked in, hostesses/waitstaff all gave them hugs and kisses hello, then blatently bumped them to the top of the waiting list to be seated. I watched the entire interaction take place, where the hostess motioned to her friends, placed her finger over her mouth in a "Shhh" motion, winked and seated them. This happened twice today. When I approached the hostess, I asked if they were seating people in the order in which they came or by friendship. They were very rude, refused to let me speak to a manager, and said I must have been mistaken. As I walked away, they giggled and said "oh well for her."  We continued to wait, and finally sat down 1 hr and 10 minutes after putting our name in. As I said, we love the food, but this experience completely turned me off to this location. In the future, my husband and I will try their other locations throughout the city, with our fingers crossed that the probable wait will be legit and not because we're not friends with the staff.
