Came for a friend's birthday and had a wonderful time. Service was out of this world.  The woman who took care of us owns the place (with her brother the chef) and I'm telling you, I was beyond impressed! We were a large group and she was able to pour wine, order-take, expedite, clear plates, describe dishes, and even provide individual checks (which *she* offered to do) all while chatting, smiling, oh, and handling every other guest in the restaurant.  Not a hint of showing how overwhelmed she might have been.  I've spent ages in the service industry (as had many in our party), and she gets a gold medal as far as I'm concerned. I've lived in the area for a long time and this used to be a spot called Wombat, but it's gone through quite a makeover.  The decor is lovely, rustic, romantic, cozy. Wine list is really top notch.  Beautiful glassware as well.  (Buying a nice bottle of wine and getting clunky glassware can be somewhat off-putting.) Food was delicious.  I'm a vegetarian and was planning to lay low and not expect to eat much at this family style birthday dinner, but our host must have mentioned there were vegetarians in our group.  The kitchen prepared one portion of nearly every one of the dishes ordered as a beautiful veg-friendly option.  So thoughtful!  This is really not that complicated, but as a veg you're often made to feel like you're just ruining everyone's good time by preferring not to eat meat.  These folks proved it can be a simple and easy practice to modify dishes in this manner.  Excellent, excellent customer awareness. Dessert was de-lish as well! A slight con is that is small and so with a group that size, it was loud.  We weren't really talking that loudly, but it just created a lot of volume.  If I were coming as a couple or small group, I might have opted for a seat at the bar or in the front to avoid the noise.  I think anything over 6 ppl would feel noisy.  It's not a major disclaimer, just something to note. All in all a great neighborhood spot I'll be visiting again.  And soon!
