I have to be honest and say if I'm going to get pizza, I don't want 'gourmet' pizza.   I also don't want thin-crust, and i don't want it to be small slices.  That said, I am craving the gourmet pizza of Osteria right now.  Their pizzas are small, and flavorful with ingredients gently laid on top.  One pizza will not be enough for anyone.  We tried a lot of different items on the menu.  The table favorite was the standard Margherita, but I loved the white pizza with asparagus and Proscuitto.  I feel, if i'm going gourmet with pizza, I'm going all out, save the 'plain' for boardwalk pizza.  The pastas were all delicious, but not exeptional.  The fish was not the freshest, and the Antipasto was pretty tame, appealing to more than just die hard Italians.  I'm used to intense flavors and strongly marinated items for an antipasto, but this had some nice and light little salads, arugula and yellow beets.  Get the Asparagus Crespelle, gelati and if you need a kick in the neck, a Caffe Coretto (espresso with grappa.) The great decor makes up for the less than desirable location, just like Distrito. But, we had a strangely and funny experience here.  We usually take our time when eating and asked to put in an appetizer order and order our entree later.  WELL, despite eating at a myriad of other restaurants before this, our waitress informed us that we MUST put in our total order.  NOW, I can understand from the kitchen's perspective how this would make things easier...that's fine.  I've also heard the PR speak that it's so we aren't delayed in our meal and get mad at the restaurant.  But really, this was a first for us and we don't care about taking our time to eat.  We queried our waitress about this and she became very uncomfortable and finally leaned over to the 50something CEO at our table and said, with hand on his shoulder, "have you ever worked in a kitchen before?"  We all were stunned, and laughed for like 10 minutes, after she left....  (Follow up to that story, we ran into the same ordering system at Tequilas.)  I have a tip for all those working for tips...."Find a way."  If the customer wants to order appetizers now...and an entree later....find a way... you'll make a better tip....our waitress at Osteria certainly would have.
