When I heard about Salt & Fat opening, the very first thing I said to my boyfriend was "thank goodness you're moving out of the neighborhood... We'd probably eat there every night and have massive coronaries together". We finally got the chance to head over there tonight, lured by the promises of bacon popcorn and Crack n Cheese. We were seated immediately and greeted by our very friendly waiter, who was knowledgeable about the menu and portion sizes, prepared with suggestions, and very accommodating. On his own, our waiter deserves 5 stars! I have some food allergies, and he was quick to sympathize and assure me that my meal would be allergen free. (I've been to places where I've been made to feel like a difficult customer for making requests like "please don't put that on my plate, it might kill me", and Salt&Fat is definitely NOT on that list). On to the food: Between the two of us, we split an order of Crack and Cheese, BLT Sliders and Fried Chicken. We started with the complimentary, infamous, bacon popcorn. It's AMAZING. It's definitely food crack. Please try this if you're in the neighborhood. The Crack and Cheese (gnocchi with a cheese bechamel and bacon) was... meh. The sauce was tasty, but very, very rich. And the gnocchi wasn't really gnocchi, it seemed to be fried mashed potato bites. It was okay, but I wouldn't come back for this. There was a seasoning in the bites that didn't quite work with the cheese sauce, there was just something a little "off" about this dish.   My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed the BLT sliders on sweet rolls. They had a little too much heat for my taste, but the flavors were good, and worth ordering - plus everything was fresh. The fried chicken was delicious - crispy yet moist on the inside, with plenty of flavor, this was my second favorite part of the meal after the popcorn. For dessert, we had the rice krispies with marshmallow ice cream. It wasn't spectacular, it wasn't bad. In closing - the plates are rather small - 3 small sliders, 4 small pieces of chicken, and about 12 pieces of "gnocchi". We spent $50 on dinner and neither of us was satisfied or even full. The food was good, but unremarkable, nothing was "omg delicious". I don't think it was a good value, honestly. The restaurant is very clean, the menu choices seem extensive, and the wait staff is VERY friendly.   All in all - these things balance out to make me say that you should go and try this place at least once - you might find something on the menu that you LOVE, or maybe the bacon popcorn will make the trip worth it to you! It's not my favorite and I won't go out of my way to visit it again, but neither would I turn it down if invited.
