Perilla impresses on all levels... The reviews indicated we'd be in for a treat, but I wasn't expecting to be blown away.  At the end of the meal I felt a little bit guilty for paying be an absurdly low price for one of the most creative meals I've had in a while. I recommend making reservations early here since I called Saturday morning and was only able to be squeezed in at 5:30 or after 10.  The decorations at Perilla are simple, I think my girlfriend said cute.  They space is dimly lit with classy wooden table settings.  There are fresh white flowers and a few cool abstract paintings to look at.   This food at this place is really good. After 10-15 minutes of heated debate we finally decided on the duck meatballs as an appetizer ($12).  The have a little bit of a spicy kick to them and are served with a tiny quail egg and a little bit of tiny pasta.  The sauce was so good I used a little of the table bread to mop up every last bit.   For dinner I ordered the bacon wrapped quail ($22).  When it arrived I remember thinking god this looks so good I really don't want to mess it up by eating it, but I quickly did.  The quail was so tender and moist and is wrapped in bacon that is at least  inch think.  The dish is served over a very pleasant pasta and herb dish and then drizzled with a sweet glaze.  I enjoyed every bite and was pretty reluctant to share, though I quickly did.  As a side dish we ordered the spaghetti squash which was phenomenal.  Each bite was a perfectly cooked morsel of buttery goodness complete with almonds that popped up every now and then.  I enjoyed the squash entirely too much.  My girlfriend ordered the sea bass and I remember that she said it was good.   Honestly, I really didn't pay much attention to what she was saying, I was into my quail and squash too much.  I think I might have even tried a bite of her fish?  Honestly, I can't remember anything about her dish but I'm sure it was very good...   The service here is also impeccable.  Our waiter was very insightful as he helped us navigate the creative menu options.  At the end he offered us two small brownies as I paid the bill.  On the way home after dinner my cell phone rang with the news that I left my credit card behind.   It seems that eating at Perilla can cause that kind of temporary forgetfulness.  I wasn't surprised, however, that the staff here they knew exactly what to do...
