SO disappointing!   This was my second visit.  The first, though not memorable, was nice enough, and since it was in a convenient location for out of town guests, I thought a return visit would be  fine; I honestly regret the choice! First of all, the service was poor.  I had to take my father's coat at the table and seek out someone to check it.  Our table was repeatedly interrupted mid-sentence for inane questions/comments from waitstaff.  Two  of our dishes were served to the wrong person at the table, which is unimpressive at a five-top.   In terms of the table, we were seated two on one side, three on the other.  I couldn't hear or see one member of my party because of the table setup.  The music was so loud that it inhibited conversation considerably-and I'm young (and love the velvet underground and the clash!).  I don't know how the older members of the group managed at all.  When we left, I heard that someone had asked that it be turned down a little; it was not. Secondly, the food was not up to standards for a restaurant of this type.  I've been to other Colicchio restaurants, and there was clearly something wrong here in comparison.  My baked ricotta was nicely flavored but inedibly hot, which left me way behind everyone and slowing down the pace of our meal.  It was served with nothing to spread it on and also no spoon.  An embarrassing amount ended up on the table since  it was too flaky to be eaten with a fork.  My biggest disappointment, though, was the quinoa "risotto."  I was excited to try this hybrid of two of my favorite carby indulgences.  Instead of the creamy dish I anticipated, I got a wet plate of one-note quinoa, like the last helping of a grain salad with too much dressing, or a bowl of brothy grain.  I left lots on my plate, but no server asked if I was satisfied.  Obviously, I skipped dessert--why waste the money or calories?  People at my table enjoyed the pumpkin panna cotta, which they said was excellent, while I suffered through bitter and weak coffee. Tom, I expected better!  I won't be back.
