4.25 stars.  This is the most accurate representation of Japanese ramen I have tried in the United States.  While there is a little ramen shop in Washington DC that I believe serves better noodles in a more interesting environment, that place has a decidedly Taiwanese bend to it.  This is straight up Japanese and absolutely worth the time investment for admission.   We started with the exploding cucumber, a spicy rendition of the vegetable that is cooked in a manner that allows the cucumber to disintegrate in your mouth.  Not only was the dish tasty, it was incredibly well executed and set the tone for an incredible experience.   For ramen, I ordered the Akamura Modern, a superb combination of sliced mounds of roasted pork, scallions, wood ear mushrooms, cabbage, garlic oil, and Ippudo's miso paste.  For extra flavor, I added nitamago (seasoned salt boiled egg) and kakuni (braised pork belly).  I'd strongly recommend following my exact specifications for this particular order.  The nitamago added a welcomed layer of flavor and texture whereas the pleasantly soft and delicately cooked kakuni was absolutely divine in its own right.  This order featured the Tonkatsu broth that is so popular throughout Japan (pork bone broth, slightly salty, milky complexion) and the noodles tasted identical to what I had experienced over there (for DC readers, think more Daikaya, Satsuma, and Ren's Ramen than Toki Underground).  As I mentioned earlier, this tasted almost like an exact replica of what I have experienced in Japan (which makes some sense given that Ippudo has over 40 outposts in that country).   For people who care about wait times, think about life in general and how some truly remarkable aspects of it take some time.  We don't always get what we want on demand, and sometimes, there is nothing wrong with a calm persistence to achieving a particular experience.  There is an exceptional precision to every aspect of Ippudo, and I'm speaking from the ramen all the way through the decor.  You will want to experience the underlying beauty of this place, and I would strongly recommend that you check your impatience at the door, get on the list, and find a location to pleasantly spend two plus hours waiting for a table.  If you can pass that test, you are in for a treat.
