Within the span of one week, I had pizzas at Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix and Pepe's in New Haven. It was a good week. One cannot help but compare, but even without the comparison, Pepe's is clearly top notch. The crust was phenomenal, nicely blistered without the incineration that some NY pizza meccas practice. The oven in the open kitchen was a beauty to behold. My daughter and I watched the pizza artists load the coals into the side of the oven and marveled at the heat in the main oven. Old world craftsmanship at its best. We got the large tomato pie with mozzarella with sausage, green peppers and spinach and the white clam pie. The tomato pie's crust was clearly stressed for the amount of toppings we burdened it with, but no matter, it was going to be a knife and fork experience. The sauce was well made, but not a tad too shy for my taste. The mozzarella was great, clearly fresh and not unloaded from a CISCO truck. The green peppers could have been a little more pronounced, unlike the spinach that stood on its own. The sausage on the other hand was plentiful and bursting with good, non-institutional flavor. Wife and kids gobbled it up. The clam pie's crust held up nicely, and the bivalves released the taste of the ocean (in a good way) and were tender. Only gripe was the over zealousness addition of the olive oil. I just like to have my lipids better disguised. But overall it was delicious. Service was nice and our waitress was especially accommodating when she entertained our questions about the New Haven way of serving pizza. A side commentary on the beverages. We tried the locally made white birch soda (came in quart sized bottles) and it tasted like liquefied wintergreen life savers. Fortunately, I like wintergreen life savers. Not recommended for everyone, but a nice change of pace. As for the wait, we arrived around 3:30pm with maybe a dozen people in front of us. It took us 45 minutes to get seated. Most people on line seemed glad to be there and patiently endured it. The philistines left when they saw the line. Many walked in to pick up carryouts. When we left around 6pm, the line grew to about 30 people. This was a Saturday night. A great experience with top notch pizza. Next time we'll have to try Sally's again. Last time I had Sally's was at the wife's college reunion but it was over cooked and hard to eat. Oh yes, Bianco's pizza gets the edge here, with it's homemade mozzarella and sausages (and convivial atmosphere), but at this strata of pizza craftsmanship, the differences are subtle and would gladly eat at either place again.
