Went here last night, upon a recommendation by a friend. He said, "It's like James Brown did a high kick in your mouth." I'm still not sure what that means, but after eating there, I think he was onto something. So flavorful. So unexpected. So crave-worthy. We ordered drinks: I got their version of the Caipirissima: rum, sparkling wine, passion fruit, some other stuff.... Pretty darn good! Because the light was so low, it was next to impossible to read the menu, we asked our waitress a few questions, then decided to order & split the Bolirepitas Con Nata (corn flour and white cheese rolled together, deep fried and served a side of nata) as well as the La Vegetariana (leek jardinera, la del gato and la de guasacaca). The Bolirepitas were very good. The nata (basically sour cream, although our waitress, with the language barrier, told us it was whipped cream - whipped sour cream, perhaps?) was really what made it stand out, though. Nice little balls of corn & cheese. Here were the three options in La Vegetariana (which is three sets of two arepas, aka corn pockets of tasty goodness): Leek Jardinera - Grilled leeks, sundried tomatoes, caramelized onions and guayanes cheese - This was our favorite, but interestingly, the one I thought I'd like the least. Nope. All sorts of flavor popping out atcha. La Del Gato - Guayanes cheese, fried sweet plantains and avocado slices - Like I said, we didn't really know what we were ordering, so I was pleasantly surprised to find the avocado slice at the bottom of the arepa. I only wish I could have gotten all of the flavors in one bite more often. Perhaps if the plantain was tucked inside instead of lying on top? Regardless, pretty darn good. La De Guasacaca - Guayanes cheese & guacamole - I'm assuming these are the only ingredients cuz they didn't list it on the menu or website. This was very good, but holy cow does the green stuff just squirt on out of the pocket. At one point, I had to quick napkin my face cuz I had an avocado Joker's grin. But the guac worked very well with the corn shell, regardless of how messy it was. Our waitress was a delight, our food came out wicked fast, & there were zero problems with seating, getting the check, etc. The only & I mean only thing that was slightly annoying was that some dude was interviewing & photographing the ladies next to us & just milling about in that space. He also looked at us as if to consider also interviewing us, then dismissed the idea, which ... hi ... kinda rude? But I'm assuming two things a) that's not a regular occurrence & b) that's not the restaurant's fault. So. Y'know. There. I had never had Venezuelan food prior to this to my knowledge, but yessir, yes ma'am ... I am definitely going back. Delicioso!
