Went on a Sunday sans-reservations. There were two of us.  We held the door for another couple.  The hostess said there was one table open, then would be a short wait.  The other couple took the open table, which I found incredibly rude.  So we are seated at the bar, which was not very busy.  There were maybe 8 people seated including us.  The bartender took about five minutes to acknowledge us(and was standing right by us)...was too busy flirting with the two cougars seated next to us.  By the time we got our beer, ten minutes had passed, and we brought them to the dining area.  We perused the menu, and everything looked ok but nothing really jumped out.  We decided to just grab something small and go somewhere else. He ordered a cheese plate, I ordered fries.  I figured I love Monk's, I love bourbon mayo, can't go wrong...Well I was dead wrong.  Some sneezy guy from the back dropped off our apps.  He didn't even tell us the names of the cheese, and they weren't even sliced pieces.  They looked crumbled and dried out, like they were from the bottom of a cheap bagged cheese. The (romaine) lettuce on is plate was brown and limp. Funky.  My fries were soaked in grease( like they'd been flashed a third time to heat them up) and were beyond room temp...they were cold like they were from someone else's plate.  My bourbon mayo in the little silver tin, there was slop all over the in and outsides of the tin, that were crusted on and the mayo had that congealed film over it( like if you leave it out all day or overnight).  I was so disappointed.  I have never had an experience like this at Monk's!  It just seemed like whoever was working that night just did not care. We sent our food back, which is something I Never do. I was really embarassed but I just could not deal. At that point, the hostess came out and said "you know I could have told you what cheeses were on the cheese plate" in a verrrrry rude tone.  I quietly explained the other issues we had with the quality and possibly safety of the food, as it seemed that it all had just been sitting out all day and night long. (it was only 8 pm).  I showed her the mayo and had her feel thefries, which she then got this weird face like she had just stepped in poo and said "omg I like don't know what they are doing back there" then offered they make it again.  I looked at her like "really?" and said "Well, not now, since not even you know what is 'going on' back there..." it was all just very weird and unprofessional.  It was no secret at this point that it was gross, and she had a bad attitude.  I felt really bad about it, but we opted to leave.  Sorry, but this place doesn't live up to it's name, and doesn't hold a candle to it's brother, Monks.  Go there instead.
