The wait....is atrocious.  One time I went, we literally went and had oysters and drinks and a long conversation at another restaurant before they called us back for our table.  A previous time, I went much later at night just for dessert and the wait wasn't as bad, but it was still about a half and hour and the wait staff aren't awesome...there is this kind of weird vibe that you are getting the privilege of their presence... So there is that holier than thou service...and this wait...and on top of that...the terrible seating arrangements.  It is so cramped!   I do not suggest you go with larger parties because it kind of sucks because the wait staff isn't very good with large parties...I've seen people get food at different times, or totally not even get their orders taken for a long time after other people who were seated after them already got their food.  BUT if you go with just a friend...you also kind of get the shaft.  you end up eating all family style with a bunch of strangers.  We liked our strangers that one time, but sometimes you end up with the terrible giant bag girl from Jersey with the loud impatient voice and long nails that scrape your face every time she waves and tries to get staff attention.  So in reality...what I'm saying is there is no win.  everyone is a loser here and you're stuck in a small place with a bunch of losers that may or may not have bad BO and you're all very close.   My suggestion, if you have a choice, is to try it in the spring and early fall where they have their tables outside and it's not too hot to eat hot food.  :)  but that being said... I love hot naked balls with sauce! The food here is actually legit.  You get to choose what flavor of sauce you want to have on your meatballs. all the sauce goes with the balls.  they are all very good sauce on balls.  And don't worry.  It comes with some bread.  you can sop up all the sauce, every last drop, after you devour the hot balls.  yes.  you can reread all of that. The sandwiches are over rated and a waste of money and stomach room since it's just the balls, the sauce, and bigger...much bigger, bread.  The pasta is ok, but why would you choose pasta if you're about to eat a gigantic ice cream sandwich made with homemade cookies of your choice?   My fave?  snickerdoodle cookies with vanilla.  that is all I want.  the smartest most legit desserts ever.  y'know what I mean....cookies n cream. Writing this review makes me think I need a repeat visit...but if I go, I'll have to wait...and if I wait, I might be in too bad of a mood after the wait to have patience with not awesome service and cramped spaces....what to do?
