I went to Frankford Hall on Saturday, October 4. We arrived around 5:30. We went here for my brother's birthday. Getting here early was a great idea! There were plenty of open tables. By about 7:30, most of the table space was gone. We headed over to the bar and ordered our beers. They come in 0.5 & 1 liter sizes. For the large quantity, I feel like the beers are a good value. I had the half liter of Doc's Pumpkin Cider. Although no one else in the group liked it, I enjoyed it immensely. Sweet and delicious! Everyone else enjoyed their beers as well. After getting our beer, we found a table near the food line, and decided what food we wanted. I started with the cheese spaetzle, and my hubby got the giant pretzel with cheese sauce. The spaetzle tasted like Mac N Cheese!! It was so delicious, although maybe not worth 8 bucks. I'm not a huge pretzel fan, but the pretzels come out nice and hot, and I found myself eating a lot of the pretzel. The cheese sauce is to die for! It's cold, which some people might not expect, but it's packed with flavor. It tasted kind of onion-y, which I really liked. My brother ordered the fries with a side of the cheese. The fries are the fresh cut kind, which are the best in my opinion. They have curry ketchup as well, which tastes really yummy. I also got the kasekrainer (beef, pork, & cheese) sausage. To me, it was small and nothing special. They have Jenga to borrow, and that was fun to play while drinking/eating. Just be careful not to build the Jenga tower close to your food! A bit about the service: there are employees walking around constantly. The minute you finish food or drink, they whisk away the empty cup/plate. That's important with this type of place! It was a chilly night, but they have heaters all over the place since it is an open air area. We stayed warm all night, and left around 8:30. The place was packed by then. I will definitely return to Frankford Hall. All the Stephen Starr restaurants I've been to have yet to disappoint me!
