I have mixed feelings about this place. iNve heard great things about the food but haven't yet gotten to try it. I finally tried this place out for my friend's bday party on a Saturday night a couple weeks ago. We were a decent sized group and they were able to get us a table upstairs without a reservation pretty wuickly which was nice. The drinks are expensive, and the cocktail waitresses were kind of snobs. The karaoke crowd is definitely a melting pot of people and then the DJ plays random songs in between people singing. for the most part it was a good time but it's a little chaotic. it's hard to get your name in for a song and you have to be sure to do it early because they fill up quickly and then close the list. When it's your turn, your song basically just starts and they try to find you with the mics so if you weren't paying attention to the line on the top of the screen that tells you what song will play next, or you're in the bathroom, you basically miss it. At one point early on there were some girls standing off to the side that were being really bitchy and screaming at singers and booing them. at one point the chick even ran up to the person who was singing and grabbed the mic and started making fun of them. I felt horrible for them. But again, since this was my first time there, that could have been a one-time occurance. By like 11 the servers came over and kicked us out of our table because a bachelorette party group was coming in that had made a reservation for the table. Which was fine but most of us sitting at the table had no idea what was going on and the servers were just being incredibly rude and pushey. I will give them credit that was got a new table relatively quickly though. Then towards the end of the night my friend got kicked out for being too intoxicated. At first the bouncers tried to work with him and be cool but then they said he had to go. So, overall, I had fun but everything was expensive and the upstairs employees were def not nice. It's definitely NOT your normal karaoke set up.
