Overrated food, poor service. I'm sure this restaurant will continue to do well by reputation.  However, this is certanly not a 4-star restaurant and I've come to give a counter opinion. We arrived with a larger group with reservations and were seated promptly.  Overall, the waitstaff was highly inconsistent.  While some of the waiters were attentive at first, they suddenly disappeared for long portions of the night.  It was not a particularly busy night, but the service was lacking at various points of the night. The food, which seems to be the main draw here, was overpriced and tame.  We shared many appetizers, but I was highly disappointed by the dishes.  The roasted red peppers, which have been excellent in many other Italian restaurants in the city, were a huge disappointment.  The fried calamari is what i'd expect to find at a TGIFriday's.  I will give them credit on the steamed mussels, those were pretty good. For dinner, I had the Branzino (the night's special), which is one of my favorite Italian dishes.  It came with a pasta side, with a sauce that I did not particularly like.  I will not claim that Branzino is an easy dish to replicate/make (I'm sure I would have difficulty in my own kitchen), but for such a highly rated restaurant, this was a very poor dish. At the end of the night, the waiters strangely said that they could only take 2 credit cards for the entire table.  I understand that many places in Philly are cash only, but the logic given by the waiters was very strange.  Some excuses were given that "the machine can only handle 2 cards", as if the machine would break down after running two credit card transactions.  After waiting about 30 minutes for our cards to be processed, and a very rude young waiter who made snide comments (get a life, pal), we finally were able to leave the restaurant. It seems this establishment prides itself on its food and atmosphere.  Though the place itself seems warm and inviting, it is really anything but.  I wouldn't ever come here again, and it's a shame that visitors to Philadelphia continue to be redirected to this place as a "go-to" Italian establishment.
