I have found my new special place to eat - Pasticceria Bruno!  There is one located on Hylan Blvd, but lucky for me, they have added a new one less than a mile away from my house.  I have been there so many times that it is almost on the level of being embarrassing, lol.  I am there so often that the staff even comments that I was here the other night, lol.  This place really is an amazing place to eat!  It is known for being a bakery, but in addition to serving so many different types of desserts, cakes and cookies, it also has a full line of appetizers and entrees to choose from.  I have been here at least 10 times since it has opened, and every time I have gone I have tried something new on the menu and have never been let down.   Let me start with the ambiance of the restaurant.  There are two entrances, one located where the parking lot is in the back, and the other is right in front.  The front of the restaurant has glass doors that are always opened in the summer, which really adds a nice touch of feeling the cool night summer breeze if you are sitting right by the open area (too much? LOL).  The dining area is a modest size, and the tables and chairs are placed closely to one another.  The overall interior design of Pasticceria Bruno definitely gives off a theme straight from Italia - with beautiful brightly colored paintings on the wall.  They also typically have Italian music softly playing if you listen closely enough and can hear above all of the surrounding conversations. Getting to the service.  I have found the staff to be truly on top of everything.  Even at its most crowded, our waitress comes around several times just to check if everything is okay.  They are also warm and accommodating.  The service is absolutely excellent. Now the food!  Even though I am partly Irish, my Italian roots usually dominate as I am VERY into Italian cuisine.  As soon as you are seated, the waiter comes with various different types of bread (foccacia, regular Italian, and to my delight - even whole wheat Italian bread!) with a saucer of olive oil with spices added to it.  The appetizers are great - and I am particularly a fan of the eggplant one (it is written in Italian on the menu and I forgot the name!) and the crab cakes.  The fresh mozzarella with tomatoes is also a great choice.  For an entree, they have a variety of panini's (I recommend the Americano!), an assortment of salads (mixed greens, arugula - you name it), soups ( haven't tried yet), pizza (omg absolutely delicious - its a personal pie for one), pasta (I recommend the Penne ala Vodka with chicken), and chicken and meat dishes.  They even have a ridiculous cheeseburger, which pleased one of my friends who is a beer and burger type of guy, lol.   You have to save room for dessert!!  For drinks, they have a long list of various cappuccino's to choose from ( hot or iced!) and other types of Italian drinks.  And the bakery section is right next to the dining area where you can go and pick your dessert.  They have regular sized cakes, and even miniature ones.  And my personal favorite - the gelato!  Italian ice cream is to die for and I strongly recommend the Bacio (chocolate hazelnut).  It is creamy, flavorful, light, and absolutely irresistible.  (I feel like I should be about 500lbs after writing this lol) One of the things I also love about this place is how I have brought SO many people there and they absolutely loved it!  My friend, who is difficult to please, had his doubts about it but now suggests we eat there whenever we go out.  It really is an excellent dining experience that is close to home.  Prices are moderate, but worth every penny. As I have mentioned, I have been there numerous times and every time I go there are always a lot of customers.  I think I am a little too involved with this place, because I am always happy to see that business is doing so well considering how the previous two businesses that were located at this spot did not survive long - including the classic Forest Avenue spot Pal Joeys.  So this location has seen many establishments come, and quickly go.  It seems obvious to me, however, that Pasticceria Bruno is here to stay - and I couldn't be happier! :)
