Our annual holiday lunch this year was one of the shortest ever (there were eight of us), and it was not because of the food.  Yes, the Lombarda pizza is as good as everyone says; the Trentino and Mortadella were right up there too. Now, I don't now if it was just a lunchtime thing, but the service was definitely inconsistent.  The waiter started out attentive and very helpful, made great suggestions and [unasked] rotated the food around the long table so we could all try every item, but after a while, he started pushing us to order more food quickly because the kitchen was closing.  If we had just wandered in for lunch, it wouldn't have been such a big deal -- but they took the 1:45 reservation...they knew how many of us were coming and when. (Incidentally, when a few of the group spoke with the manager afterward, they were told that the kitchen doesn't close until all guests are gone.) Our experience with the sommelier...interesting.  After doing his thing, bringing the bottles to us to check and then pouring a glass for the member of our party who had ordered, he proceeded to bring the rest of us our wine one glass at a time, very slowly and setting them out at every other place.  It was an odd ritual and delayed our holiday toast.  Later, when we had a problem with one bottle of wine seeming a bit on the fizzy side and smelling "off," he reluctantly took it back, while insisting that there was nothing wrong with it.  This was our third bottle of wine -- we don't send wine back without reason, yet he looked it at us like it was us, not the wine, or that we had somehow accused him of something.  We were pretty clear on the fact that he neither made nor bottled the wine. So, with all the great food, the service (the final straw being the host telling some of our party that while she would call a cab for them, they really should just wait outside and hail one since they come by "all the time," which is not the case) put a damper on our annual outing...an outing that we save for, use vacation time for, and anticipate for weeks ahead.
