We've been to the Blind Pig twice this week for dinner! This new addition to the Northern Liberty's dining scene is top notch in my book. Having tried all the GastroPubs in the area and most of the upscale eateries in Center City, Blind Pig delivers service and atmosphere like no other. Attentive and friendly waitstaff, owners that greet you at the door and check on you throughout your meal, and delicious, modern comfort food that delights one's senses. So far, we've sampled: Chorizo quesadilla - delicious homemade Spanish sausage with mild cheese served with a light tomato-based salsa. Amazing! Cubano sandwich - oh my goodness! You won't find any deli meat in here. Hand-carved thick slices of ham, dry-rub pork, spicy grainy mustard, Swiss cheese, and super thinly sliced home-cured pickles. From someone who has sampled MANY amazing cubano sandwiches from authentic Cuban restaurants in Miami's Little Havana, this is hands-down the best I've ever had. If you're not afraid of pork, give it a try! You won't be disappointed. Pulled pork spaetzle - this was last night's special. Light and fluffy homemade pasta drenched in tender pulled pork and a bit of crumbled blue cheese. Sounds super heavy, but it wasn't. It was just delicious. And, I don't like blue cheese, but the gorgonzola they used was super tasty and not overly robust at all. The veggie spaetzle is on their regular menu, and I suspect it's amazing, as well. BUTTER CAKE! Yes, butter cake! I asked my boyfriend, "Do you think we should try it? We always have these awesome dinners, then order dessert, and are subsequently thoroughly disappointed." We decided to go for it and thank goodness we did. Sweet, salty, flaky, moist, buttery...the most amazing combination of fat and sugar I've ever been presented (and I've been presented with a lot). And to make it even better, the owner came over to our table and told us the whole story behind the cake...that it used to be featured at another restaurant, was raved about by Gordon Ramsey, then went missing until the Blind Pig tracked down the lady who makes them and got her to agree to make it for them. Now, life-changing butter cake at the Blind Pig! Even if you've already had dinner, stop by the Blind Pig for a beer and a slice of butter cake. It's decadent, so you may want to share a slice with someone else. I hope Blind Pig stays in the neighborhood for a very long time. We'll be back next week if not sooner!
