I'm not a vegetation but a friend of mine is and wanted to go. Since it wasn't on my dime I can't really complain about the price. I will say though the portions are more than generous from what  I saw.     I can understand some people hating on the place for not giving left-over food to a good cause. That's fair in today's world and because of it unsure if I would become a return customer.  I will be non-bias and simply judge the establishment based on the food itself not the politics surrounding. I went with 3 other people and sure we had to wait maybe 15 or 20 min for our food but that's normal for fresh cooked food so that didn't bother me.  At first we all got drinks. I got the chai tea and my friends got the "Russian Fruit Tea" I think it was called. My chai tea was seriously spicy but I enjoyed the extra ginger kick. I tried a couple sips of my friend's fruit tea and it was really good, much more flavorful than I expected for sure.   Now when the food arrived, you have 3 omnivores and 1 vegetarian in silence.  The good kind of  shoving food in the mouth, this is great, kind of silence. So this comes to the point I don't understand so many negative reviews. It's either people are hating on the establishment for the politics, there are some seriously stuck up foodies on yelp who need to get their head out of their you know where and be grateful they don't live in a 3rd world country, and maybe a small genuine percent who truly disliked the food.  I got the "R&B" burrito that came with a side of salsa and sour cream as expected. For something around the ball part of 8 dollars this thing was HUGE. It fed me dinner and breakfast! Maybe I just got lucky. Maybe I picked the one thing that was awesome on the menu but looking around at the 3 other people with me their entrees were equally yummy. I don't understand the "lack of flavor" or "tastes like cardboard" comments. I truly enjoyed my meal at Claire's, case closed in my book.  I take off one star for the lack of any half & half at the "sugar" counter for my chai, the suspicion of how long dairy products had been sitting at room temperature for coffee/tea and the chinese container that was really a pain in the ass to close. 5 stars for the food all the way though.
