This wonderful, little gem of a restaurant is tucked on a corner of old Brooklyn that is very dear to me: the intersection of Hicks and Union hosted a Holy Trinity of excellent food represented by Petite Crevette, Ferdinando's, and Korhogo. Each place had its own distinctive character, and its own individual take on different kinds of food. Now Korhogo has been supplanted by an anonymous pizza place, leaving Ferdinando's and Petite Crevette as the remaining guardians of this corner of old Brooklyn. But I digress. Petite Crevette serves great seafood. Simply prepared, with character, passion and distinctive flavors. The place is small, with 20-24 seats in the main room. They don't take reservations, and it's BYOB with a $5 corkage fee. We got a bottle of Domaine Durand Sancerre[1] from Old Brooklyn Wine & Liquor Company around the corner on Union St. yelp.com/biz/old-brookly… The decor is simple; the main dining room used to be a flower shop, and the gold lettering remains on the front window. Brown paper is used as tablecloth, and for the hand-written menu, which is hung on the wall, as well. A few odd objects here and there add to the character of the place: a clock with birds that sing at the strike of the hour, an old balance, a statue of a pregnant woman. Overall the place is very welcoming and relaxing; with charm in a subdued way, but still with distinctive character. Last time we came here our waiter was Silvano. And he was excellent: extremely nice and totally unintrusive[2]. We both opted for the Fluffy Fried Oysters as starter[3]: it's a dish of 3 large oysters, served with a simple salad and mustard and tartar sauce on the side. The oysters were perfectly fried, moist on the inside, almost silky, screaming with flavor. I am sure this dish would do great with a spicy sauce as well. For the main course[4] I had the cioppino, an Italian seafood stew that included half a lobster, scallops, shrimps, and mussels. What I loved about this dish is that the delicious sauce (I mopped up every droplet of it) was not overwhelming at all, and allowed for each component of the stew to keep its distinctive and subtle flavor completely intact. For dessert, unfortunately they were out of the Creme Caramel, which being 7 pm was kind of surprising. Nevertheless, the Flourless Chocolate Cake was excellent: nice, firm, and soft, with a delicious bitterness to it. I like the very diverse clientele that comes to dine here: this place is good for a date, good for when your parents are visiting, good for a group of friends, good for couples with little kids[5]. Cash only. ------------------------------------------------- [1] Very dry and citrusy, with a distinct acidity and mineral notes. $22.85 including taxes. [2] I think Silvano may be the owner. Engage him in conversation; he has some amazing and very entertaining stories to tell. [3] Their menu offers two different kinds of chowders as appetizers as well, and I look forward to trying them in the colder months. The tuna and the salmon carpaccio also sounded tempting... [4] Their choices for whole fish are two Mediterranean fishes: Branzino, which is similar to striped bass; and Dorado/Daurade/Orata, which is similar to sea bream. They are both excellent fish, with firm flesh and full of flavor. Try them grilled; I guarantee you'll love them. [5] Kids will particularly like the toilet seat in the restroom. Oh, who am I kidding: I LOVED that toilet seat!
