Came to Jane for the first time last night for a friend's birthday dinner.  I made a reservation on OpenTable for 8:30, and we were there on time (actually a few minutes early, but were waiting on line to check in at the host stand).  The hostess seemed quite disorganized and we had to wait 30 minutes to be seated - had we been a walk in group, this would have been fine, but I saw a few tables without reservations being seated before us, which was pretty annoying. Once we were sat, our server came over immediately, and was very helpful with the menu.  We had a gluten free person in our party, and the server was very good about checking with the chef to see what would be appropriate for her to order.  They also brought over a comp order of the Toasted Ricotta Gnocchi to make up for the wait.  We had a couple of special requests (all reasonable) for our food, and all were accommodated without problem. All of our food was very good - we had the gnocchi as mentioned above (this dish is actually why I chose Jane - I am a sucker for this kind of gnocchi, also known as gnudi, and it's very hard to find in NYC.  Saw it in a segment on some Food Network show and decided I must have it right now.  It was amazing, and I will order it every single time I come here, probably as my entree).  My 2 friends split the grilled calamari and said it was very good.  We also had the Steak Frites, Spring Pea Risotto, and Chicken Paillard, and were all happy with our dishes.  Portion sizes were very good, especially considering the price point (usually, the pricier the place, the smaller the dish!!!)  For dessert, we had profiteroles (I swapped the ice cream filling for whipped cream), a sampler of ice cream, and the almond cake.  Everyone was very happy with these as well.   Two of us were drinking the cucumber mule, and it was delicious.  I will be experimenting at home to try to recreate this drink - vodka, cucumbers and homemade ginger ale.   All in all, it was a great experience, and I will definitely go back.  It most likely won't be on a Friday night, but lesson learned I suppose.
