In my estimation we did not do nearly enough Summery things last year. So we were on it quick fast in a hurry, this season. I made a decree. Oh, by the way, using the term "Summery," you know much of what 's on my mind includes drinking outside, of course. Frankford Hall is a fun place to drink outside. Statement. Snagged the end of a picnic bench in the open airy brick-walled back patio and, lucky-bonus style, happened upon some Yelp friends. This visit was off to a great start. Commenced to drinking liters of beer, trying some artisan German sausages a la Ernst A. Illg Meats, and watching the people. People watching. I was obsessed with this one family gathering- the whole group of em, adults and teenager, looked as though they had walked out of some kind of Ralph Lauren ad campaign reality... as they hogged the ping-pong tables. It was amazing. If you did that thing where you frame the scene with your fingers, it was like rich-people-catalog shopping. Honestly, I was obsessed with Catalog Family, as I called them. There were sweaters tied around shoulders and everything. Oh, another by the way, I'm not acting like this was the typical clientele of the day, these were just the ones I made up the most stories about as we relaxed in the sun. You know, stuff like how they probably name their stately manor an upper-crusty moniker that sounds like a winery... and how they're most likely covering up the murder of an rich old uncle who mysteriously kicked right before he changed his will. You know, stock rich people facts based on what I've learned from my years of watching soaps and reruns of Murder She Wrote and Colombo. One of the sons in the pastel polo shirts clearly had been sent away to a strict boarding school in order to get him in line, but it is that very environment that had turned the lad evermore so twisted and evil. A cruel smile spreads above that gigantic chin of his. Anyway, we really enjoyed our sausages. We ordered the weisswurst and the spicy bauernwurst, $7 each, and we halfsie-hoosied em so we could try both, topped with their nose-stingingly good hot mustard. Both sausages were quality, the spicy bauernwurst being my favorite. Juicy and delicious. They were served up on buns with sides of your choice of sauerkraut or red cabbage. My only real complaints about Frankford Hall would be cabbage related...grumble, grumble... way over-mushy and bland. That's not the way! I would definitely go red cabbage over the sauerkraut, if you're wondering. Fries and curry ketchup I'd definitely get again. Especially good snacks if the drinking of liters of beer are involved. Good selection of beers, about $13-$14 each per liter. Normally I might go Köstritzer Schwarzbier, but since it was hot and sunny it seemed too heavy, and so I went with the Great Lakes Dortmunder Gold and was happy as a big beer-drinkin Helga. I probably didn't need two of em, but we gets comfortable, we do.
