Every Foodies DREAM!!!!! I was stunned when I walked in. The place is apparently always slammed and once you see it, its understandable. The Market is phenomenal and surprisingly not over priced. Veggies and fruits were similarly priced to normal Manhattan grocery stores. Any type of pasta or cheese you want is there. The canned jellies, sauces, and marinades were endless and I could have bought all of them. If you buy veggies at the market the chef at LE VERDURE will prepare them for you free of charge. There is a place to eat for everyone from hand carved sandwiches, vegetarians, vegans, gluten-free, pasta/pizza lovers, & carnivores. One of the coolest features was the  meat & cheese station where you can basically make your own antipasto and have it delivered to a standing bar table where you can choose wines to pair. There are wine and food pairing classes as well as just wine tastings. A liquor tasting was going on for a few hours for free while we were there (shots of sambuca, Limoncello, dessert ports, etc). The espresso & coffee counters were such a blast and a great way to chat with people. Gelato was over priced but there was plenty of that as well as mini desserts & a chocolate bar. My girlfriend and I went with a plan and I would suggest it to anyone who is attending Eataly with company they enjoy being around. We ate at most of the restaurants, at eat we bought 1-3 entrees/apps/soups and shared a glass of wine. We switched the wine at each restaurant and split all the food. It helped to lower the cost (it is pricey!!!) and we also had a wide variety to try! At le verdue we had the soup of the day which was a bean/veggie mix that was loaded with escarole and potatoes ..it was to die for!!!! We also tried the Scarola alla griglia (grilled greens, currants, Parmesan cheese, and pine nuts, drizzled with balsamic)... it was the best salad i have ever eaten, i wanted to lick the plate! Next was insalata di dinocchi e argumi (fennel, celery root, grapefruit, oranges, and a honey lemon vinagirette)... I have never enjoyed fennel and figured if I was ever going to it would be at this place. I was right,,,,, so YUM! My girlfriend has the Piatto misto which is an awesome mix of a bunch of menu items (soup of the day, fritto misto salad, seasonal fried vegetables & farro salad), she loved it and I was wishing that I could eat the fried veggies (wouldnt recommend a celiac taking the chance). At Il pesce we split the insalataa frutti di mare (seasonal seafood, summer squash and edible flowers!!), the squid, mussels, calms we tender and tasted great but it was over priced. the whole fish was salmon and perfectly cooked. We also tried an assortment of meats and cheeses which were wonderful. The wine was nothing to write about and was way too over priced! They need a better wine selection at the restaurants, although they had a flavored grappa special which rocked! I will def. return to Eataly.
