I had heard pretty great things about Mercato and I had wanted to try it out for a while, so when friends suggested we give it a go I was super excited.  I must admit, overall, I was truly disappointed.   The service was fine enough, though our waitress failed to tell us about the specials for the night.  The space, while cute, is very small.  They really try to squeeze as many tables/people in as possible.  I can understand that, but it was somewhat uncomfortable.   There were 4 of us, so we ordered a meat and cheese board as well as two appetizers - the grilled Caesar salad and meatballs.  The salad could've been done better, it was underwhelming.  The meatballs had a nice taste to them, but were incredibly dense and way too big.  The meat and cheese selection was good, but our waitress didn't tell us what each accoutrment was. There was an awkward moment when we thought we were about to bite into an olive, only to realize that it was actually a grape soaked in some type of liquor.   I had the red snapper for as my main dish - served in a chianti reduction with cipollini onions and pancetta crisp.  I think mushrooms were included in the dish, but they weren't in the description and were poorly cooked - overcooked really - and were slimy and had an "off" taste to them.  The chianti reduction was awful and the fish (thankfully) didn't take on the taste of the sauce, so I ate what I could of it.  The skin was supposed to be crispy, but it just.. wasn't.. it fell off of the fish when I put my fork into it.  The dish was a mess.  Boyfriend opted for the pumpkin pasta and, simply put, he hated it.  Our other two friends chose the pyramid pasta and short rib ragu.  She enjoyed the pyramid for the most part, though the shape of the paste - literally pyramids - doesn't allow for even cooking.  The "sides of the pyramid" weren't cooked enough.  The short rib ragu was fine enough, but not worth the price. I chose to not have dessert, though two others decided to give it a try.  The marscapone cheesecake must be kept in a freezer, which makes sense.  However, it wasn't thawed completely and, so, when you "forked" into the center, it was still frozen.  It wasn't worth complaining about, so it was barely eaten.  It would've been nice if our waitress or one of the other staff members noticed this and said something - we all barely ate our food because we were so displeased.  But, nothing was said on our part or theirs.  We left disappointed and somewhat bitter - we each spent about $55 at a BYO for a meal we kind of hated.  I'm sorry, Mercato, I wanted to like you, but you did not "wow" at all.
