The ambiance of Izumi is what got me. You're pleasantly surprised when you enter through the front doors. From the outside, it is an unassuming white building on a lot with ample parking - an everyday sight on Route 23. But, once you go inside, you walk into a charming, cozy hibachi restaurant and are made to feel immediately welcomed by the staff. The decor of the restaurant gives the place its own character and unique vibe; it's not a simplistic, carbon copy of Benihana. There's a personal touch, attention to detail, and emphasis on quality (service and food) that quickly becomes apparent. It definitely is a cute date place or venue for small/medium sized events. I went to Izumi for a bridal shower luncheon. In the dining area, the set up of the grills and tables is roomy, giving people a good amount of individual seating space (I hate feeling crowded and like everyone is sitting on top of each other at hibachi). Our group of 15 took up two grills. The chefs were great - both did different trick routines, which made for an entertaining service. Our glasses were constantly refilled and the wait staff were incredibly accommodating to our party. Now - the most important part of any review of a restaurant - the food. The organizers of the luncheon I attended went all out for this event. We started with soup (miso or onion) and salad. We were then served gyoza, shrimp and vegetable tempura, and sushi. For the entrée, we had the option of either steak, shrimp, or chicken (all of which I sampled because, well, I'm 'that guy' at the table). Then for dessert, we had fried sweet bananas and fried ice cream. Every morsel was scrumptious and delicious. Suffice to say, I was in my happy place that afternoon, as well as after eating my leftovers the next day. I was an event attendee here, so I can't speak to a drop in dining experience, but I had such a wonderful dining experience at Izumi that I had to spread the word on Yelp. I know for sure that I will most definitely come back again!
