This heavenly HOUSE OF DELICIOUSNESS probably doesn't need another stellar review - since its common knowledge that it's THAT good! But, I'll add my two cents anyways: (THIS REVIEW IS FOR THEIR BRUNCH - I haven't tried them for lunch or dinner yet.) (1) Be prepared to wait. My friend and I got there 20 minutes before they opened on a Saturday morning, and a line of at least 30 people were already in front of the door. A nice man takes your name and puts it on a list. When the place opens, he calls each name in order. Unfortunately, we weren't in the first batch of people. We were the first people of the second batch. The man told us that we could leave the line and come back in 20 or so minutes (since we had to wait until the first batch of folks ate their meals). My friend and I chose to stay and wait (and stare down the people through the window - mentally willing them to hurry up and order!) Then we stopped doing that - because we wouldn't want that done to us, and everyone deserves to enjoy their meals at their own place, right? :) (2) WHAT TO ORDER:  FRENCH TOAST and BLUEBERRY PANCAKES. PERIOD. The best I've ever had. The pancakes are golden pillows of perfection. Fluffy, moist....OMG. The blueberries are perfectly integrated in the batter. Little bursts of sweet, fruity juice with every bite. The french toast had the perfect balance of egginess and fluffy bread. The crispiness of the toast was just right. The maple butter - WOW. I could only add a little, because it was so sweet. But, it was enough to make me swoon! You would literally hear a slight moan and 'omg, this is sooo good' escape our lips with every bite. Ever heard of food porn? Yep, this was it. We also ordered a side of egg whites. Like me, you probably think egg whites are just egg whites. These were the best egg whites EVER. They were fluffy and moist and had flavor (maybe some olive oil or butter?). Add a little tabasco and ketchup and you're good to go. We also got their famous biscuit with jam. That was delicious as well, but we were too stuffed to finish it. The jam was yummy! Regarding service: It was spot on. Our waitress was always around filling our coffee cups and asking if we needed anything. JUST GO. It's definitely worth it. All the positive reviews are true! Happy Brunching!
