This is a vegetarian restaurant. I'm throwing that up there because it's important and I know not everyone will read full reviews and pick up on it...yes, I'm talking about myself of course. I placed a delivery order from the Latham Hotel (0.2 mi away) at 9:43 on a Wednesday night based on the glowing reviews for this place. The lady on the phone had an accent that was very hard to understand but she was super nice. 20 minutes later, I received my food from a rain-drenched, and understandably unhappy, delivery guy. Despite what the lady on the phone told me, the delivery guy did NOT take credit cards. I lucked out though because I had enough cash on hand. * House Special Mei Fun Soup ($7.50) - I ordered this because another reviewer had said that it tasted like pho and there's really nothing better than hot noodle soup on a cold rainy night, am I right? Unfortunately, besides the fact that this is noodle in hot broth, there is no similarity to pho in terms of ingredients or flavor. I thought it tasted extremely bland (like hot water with some oil floating on top) and had a hard time liking the slices of fake meat/spam-like things. In retrospect, now that I know it's a vegetarian restaurant, I guess it's not terrible, but I certainly would never order this again either. * Deep Fried Chinese Rice Cake ($3.50) - I got this purely out of curiosity and was pleasantly surprised at how much it reminded me of rice cake that my mom would make for Chinese New Year. The only differences are that these were cut up, breaded, deep-fried, and then served with crushed peanut powder and sugar...all good things! They were more stale/chewy than crispy because I got them as delivery but I could imagine them being extra yum if served fresh. This is the only reason why I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1. * Milk Tea with Tapioca ($3.05) - Tasted like instant milk tea powder with refrigerated (i.e., cooked in the morning and now hard) tapioca pearls. This was another impulse order because I had never seen bubble tea available on a delivery menu before. It turned out to be almost the worst bubble tea I've ever had so, yes, I learned my lesson.
