We've been going to Mexican Mariachi pretty much ever since they opened.  Wow.  It's a breath of fresh air to get some really good mexican food along with the most warm and friendly service around.  Mariachi is family-owned and run and it shows in everything that they do, and with how well they treat their customers.  They are constantly looking to improve and this year they installed a brand new tile floor - it looks just great and compliments the original artwork. I can't imagine why one or two people here felt that Mariachi's prices aren't "reasonable".  This just isn't the case.  Their prices are easily on par or less expensive than most restaurants thorughout the area.  The only other restaurants in the area that offer "real Mexican" food (i.e.: not a chain restaurant) are 50% - 75% more expensive for food that isn't as good as the Mariachi Grill. We have traveled a lot throughout Mexico and Central America and tend to like our food on the spicy side.  So we just ask them to "kick it up" for us, and the staff is always happy to oblige.  I noticed that some people here have commented that they had wished their portion had been more spicy.  Just ask - they'll do it for you! Our absolute favorites are perhaps the fish tacos and steak tacos - they are just so fresh and tasty.  The fish tacos are positively off the hook.  They won't tell us what's in that special sauce of theirs but it is SO GOOD.  The steak tacos are just so traditional, with  good sized portions of rice and refried beans, and oh-so-yummy."Pico de Gallo" on the tacos - this is a type of homemade salsa - a flavorful mix of fresh onion, tomato, cilantro, and lemon juice.  We often get extra of this and they'll kick it up with some fresh chili if we like.  Oh yes, please!  :-) The chorizo quesadilla is awesome!  It's very rich and flavorful.  So we'll often order one for the table and share it as a side dish, rather than a solo entree. The specials are usually worth a second look.  Even if it's not "on the special" for that day, they will usually be able to accommodate us when we want to have our "Speedy Gonzales".  I can't even describe it but it is GOOD. The burritos are flavorful and huge - that is one big portion.  We often get the pork or steak burrito but all of them are good.  We usually can't finish these but that is ok - because this is one place where you simply MUST leave room for dessert.   The tres leches is simply to die for.  It is absolute heaven.  The flan is quite good but instead we prefer to get their "impossible" - it's a "choco-flan" - a layer of rich chocolate cake with a layer of flan on top of it. If there is only one thing that we wish that they did have, it's delivery.  Apparently, they are working on this and we look forward to it.  But ... then we'd miss out on seeing some of the nicest and most hospitable people in the area.
