This is a lesson in how to ruin a restaurant. Ate here many times soon after they opened. They had AWESOME chocolate desserts. The chocolate sauce they called "fresh" was unlike anything I had ever tasted--thick, unctuous, and powerfully flavorful. Not surprisingly, the place was always packed--if you didn't have a reservation, you waited 45 minutes for a table. Returned last PM after a 2 year hiatus for desserts. What a disappointment! First clue should have been the sparse crowd--the place was way less than half filled. The menu was also very different with far fewer choices. We ordered: a chocolate heart cake (AKA lava cake) was overcooked, tasted burnt and had no melted chocolate in the center. A request for a scoop of vanilla ice cream with the aforementioned "fresh" sauce resulted in a 1/8 cup scoop of almost completely melted ice cream. There was--no exaggeration here, no more than 1 tablespoon of actual ice cream in the bowl floating in melted ice cream. It came with their "milk chocolate ganache"--I was told they stopped doing the "fresh sauce." The ganache was thin, watery, and lacking in chocolate flavor. What happened to this place? Some questioning of the staff solved the mystery. About two years ago, the Brenner organization underwent some sort of reorganization. It sounds as if the rights to the Brenner name along with the existing stores in the United States were sold to an independent restaurant group. (Presumably not a franchise...had Brenner franchised their name, they would retain control over food quality). Since then, according to the staff, the new company has been "making some changes"--quite a few by my reckoning. And the changes coincided with our menu selections. The "fresh" sauce was a casualty of the new management--outright eliminated from the menu, and the recipe for the molten cakes had also been altered. Based on last night's experience this exercise, presumably to reduce costs, has been done at a HUGE sacrifice in quality. Staff training is apparently not a priority, either. If it were, my waiter, who claimed nearly 2 years experience at the site, would never have served a dish of melted ice cream. AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL and what sheer foolishness, both on the part of the Brenner organization for allowing their name to be used this way, and for the investing company who purchased a successful and amazing concept and are now in the process of destroying it. Unless I hear something to the contrary, this place is off my list and unless they get their act together, I'd wager that the place will be out of business within 2 years.
