A true 5-star rating. Honestly, anybody who disliked Osteria must hate quality and taste and likely hates puppies and Chase Utley as well. The lovely lady and I came for our anniversary dinner on a Sunday night and absolutely loved everything about the place. The sheer size of the restaurant was a welcomed change to the crammed byo scene to which I have grown accustomed. That isn't to say that the tables are spaced out to the point where you don't hear the table next to you discussing the current physical and emotional state of Heidi and Spencer (I have lost quality brain cells from that conversation), but the added room spared by elbows and feet from unwanted collisions with the waiters and occasional drunk customer. That was nice. The atrium was very pleasant and the sleek but unfinished decor was pretty cool as well. Drinks: The lady had a pinot grigio by the glass and I had a white wine that I hadn't heard of before and was told to remember the name but still managed to forget. The pinot grigio was good and my mystery wine was one of the best whites I've ever had. Glad that I have no memory left. I blame the Heidi/Spencer debate. Food: Simply awesome. We started with the summer veggie platter. The brussels sprouts were pretty much the best I've ever had and the beets and roasted peppers were tasty as well. Everything was obviously fresh. Next up, we split a margherita pizza. The pizza was definitely old world with a small offering of fresh cheese together with a sweet tomato sauce and a crispy, rustic crust. To be honest I am more of a fan of down and dirty greasy sloppy deliciousness when it comes to pizza but this was as good as traditional Italian pizza can get for me. Definitely a cut above Stella. For the entrees, the lady had a pasta that I remember was very good (and I can't remember exactly what it was - damn you Hills). I ordered the chicken "alla griglia" and... it was special. By nature I am a genuine red meat carnivore, but as it turns out a life of eating solely cow products does not lead to a healthy lifestyle so I have now turned to a lesser form of meat that I have never before respected: chicken. Had I known that chicken could be made to taste like this, I probably would have jumped on the bandwagon decades (and hundreds of thousands of calories) ago. The delicious marinade somehow seeped all of the way to the bone and at no point did I experience a bite that was not bursting with flavor. For me to say something like this about chicken... it must really be something. Dessert: A cannoli with with chocolate and caramel? Umm, yes please. Completely worth the two-a-days at the gym that I will need to pull so that I can eat it again. Service: Attentive and well-versed in the menu. Everything came out VERY quickly, which was great because we were really hungry. What else can you ask for? Overall, a 5-star experience all the way. I think that we have now found our new go-to spot. I may need to get a raise before we come back, but it will be worth it.
