The name is not very appealing, but when you step inside and have a bite of their food, this may well become your favorite place to eat downtown. The service is OUTSTANDING-I left a 150% percent tip because my servers are always at the top of their game!  You might not feel compelled to do so as well, but let me tell you-they greet immediately!  If you are alone or with a very small party, they sit down with you to take your order and chat with you-it is very nice and familiar, yet professional!  The order is always accurate, the menu descriptions are dead on accurate, your cup will never get even half empty before your server is on their way with a pitcher of water, and a huge smile-and they are quick and quiet!  Nothing I hate more than an obnoxious or snooty server, but the swagger of these servers is perfect for the price and they know their shit!  They've all been working there since they were babies-basically lifers, and it shows. as for the food:  Get the garlic bread! Oh my lord, it is like heaven....I've tried to duplicate at home but its pretty impossible-they use this amazing quality bread, and I swear it must be baked in house.   They slice it up and throw in whole smashed chunks of delicious tender garlic, and loads of yummy cheese, and it literally must be tasted to be appreciated.  Oh lord......I've never seen anything like it anywhere-I would gladly purchase this bread for $35 without an issue, however they only charge FIVE BUCKS for it!  What a bargain!  The ingredients to purchase for making it at home costs more, and doesn't even taste half as delicious. My favorite thing to order is the mozzerella salad....this is a big warm ball of melty fresh mozzerella cheese, presented on a beautiful spiral of basil and fresh tomatos....oh, it is soooooooooo good.  I have no idea how they manage to make the ball of cheese so warm and perfectly formed, but it is sooooooooooooooooooooooo sooo so good.  Don't leave without trying this!mmmmmm...delicious! This place is called hot tomatos because it is italian food-I've got to tell you, if you stick with their pasta dishes, you will never ever leave disapointed.  The servings are decent-enough to split and take home, but also enough to consume at once and not be too too heavy on the stomach.  The flavors of the sauces are so delicious- I usually feel the need to add parmesean cheese whenever I order a pasta dish, but not here!  Spot on flavoring.  The chicken portions are huge! When you walk in, there is an amazing bar area to the right, and the ceilings are so enormous that it just feels very cozy even when it is crowded, and in the summer, there is an outdoor seating area which is right across from the park and a beautiful view. I've come here many times, and I have been blown away every single time, so I give this place 5 stars for consistency and deliciousness and for an amazing waitstaff. The bar drinks are pretty creative-they have a delicious cocktail that tastes like skittles, and I love the coffee martini called star in the skyy made from starbucks coffee liquor and skyy berry vodka. Bring $100-$200 and just enjoy yourself.  It is definately worth the money-if there was something wrong with the food, then send it back and it will be corrected immediately, I am sure!  I never had bad food, but I got a bad drink once and it was fixed and made better than expected.
