I came here with a big group from work on a random weeknight about a month ago, and we just about ordered everything on the menu. I'm pretty sure that our group of overworked recent grads with gaunt faces and credit cards at the ready looked like a blessing from heaven to our waiter... Who was super, super nice to us. Obviously it was going to be a huge tip, but I appreciated it anyway. I usually don't do this for reviews but since we ordered so much, I'll list out the individual dishes with short comments on each. Not Great Stuff - Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Not anything special, but if you're really craving crab cakes or something, it's fine. - Korean Pork Tacos - Meh. Too much sauce, which made it taste really unbalanced. - Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps - Not great... I'm a fan of P.F. Chang's more so than this, which I think says something about Continental's. - Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai - Forgettable, but I'm not into crab being paired with pad thai, so take that into account. - Ahi Tuna Tartare - Not great. I've had better at more than a few places. - French Onion Soup Dumplings - Kinda weird... I don't really think the heaviness of french onion soup in dumplings is a good combo. - Crispy Calamari Salad - Just kinda tasteless... The calamari was more like crunchy stuff. And then salad. So yeah. Pretty Good Stuff - Black Quinoa 'Tabbouleh' Salad - Pretty good. I'm not a fan of vegan or vegetarian or quinoa in general, so I think the fact that this tasted all right was... well, all right. - Lobster Mac 'n Cheese - One of their better seafood dishes. - Rad Na Thai Chicken - Pretty good! I'd say worth a try. - Szechuan Shoestring Fries - This was the real highlight. Our table couldn't stop downing and eventually fighting over these. Crunchy, flavorful, and interesting. Honestly, I think we got more, but I can't remember, so it probably wouldn't be fair to review it. But I think that's what Continental is kind of like. Other than a few good dishes, the food pretty forgettable, so I'm kinda between 3 and 4 stars on this one. I'd say it's worth going to if you're just getting a couple of dishes and then drinks on the rooftop, or if you're more of an environment/ambience person who appreciates dining in classic decor. Quick note - Watch out for the two-way bathroom mirrors. I had no idea but I went on kind of an empty night and I don't think (or rather, I really hope I don't) have any embarrassing bathroom habits. I've definitely been part of groups that watch and make fun of dudes zipping up their pants at the mirror and not washing their hands at other restaurants/bars, though, so just keep that in mind :)
