Made reservations for a goodbye dinner for some international co-workers who were leaving the following day. The only reservation time on open table was 5:30 so we just booked it, but we ended up being late and  arriving at 6pm only to find the place more or less empty. A few of the others had arrived on time and were at the bar taking advantage of their half -off happy hour drinks. We were seated soon after and found out that the happy hour drink prices did not apply to guests who were eating at a table (as opposed to the happy hour apps at the bar). What? How ridiculous. I made my way over to the bar to get my half priced drink. A couple of my friends joined me a few minutes later. The bartenders were so inattentive we decided to split up in hopes of getting their attention a little faster. One of them finally went over to my friends and asked them if they were eating there. When they said yes, she told them that they were ineligible for the happy hour prices, so they just headed back to the table. Upon hearing this, I slyly slid into a seat at the bar and waited to order my drink. Took so long for either of them to notice me, they were seriously avoiding eye contact. Listen ladies, you are not there to sit around and look pretty, you're there to serve me drinks. I don't know whether they are actually that slow or if they just slow down their pace to keep from having to sell too many drinks at half price but either way it is extremely annoying. Speed your shit up, I do not have all day to wait for you to saunter over to get my order. It took at least 15 minutes to get my order, bring me my drink, run my card, and get me my receipt... and there were 2 bartenders and only about 5 other patrons who already had their drinks. Absolutely ridiculous. I would have given this place 3 stars if the cocktail (gin, st. germain, cucumber, ginger, mint) and the food didn't knock my socks off. Got back to my table just in time to order. The waiter was nice and the guy filling up our water glasses was friendly (and cute!). We all decided to just order a couple of dishes each. I got the duck kebab and the black iron shrimp. Around the table we also had a haloumi and corn dish, some delicious hummus, artichoke dip, and herbed fries w/ a yummy sauce. All of the dishes were absolutely amazing!!! Oh man, I am drooling just thinking about it. Now I'm feeling hungry again, damnit. Walking in I was expecting to spend $40-50 per person but was pleasantly surprised when our bill came to $35, minus my drink. I thought that was a fairly good value for the quality of the food and the amount that we got for it. I was pretty stuffed walking out of there. The atmosphere of the place is great, liked the decoration, and the tables are well spaced so you can comfortably chat with your friends. This place is great for large parties. I love family style places because it makes the experience so much more intimate. I would love to come back for that duck kebab, but I could do without the uber slow bartenders.
