Just got off a flight from San Diego and I'm visiting NYC. It's about 8pm, and of course I'm starving. Out the door to the unexpected city that never sleeps! I'm already feeling a love that I once had with this city and it's all coming back! The air is crisp and as nuts as this sounds, I love the smell of a little dirt in the air, makes me feel like I'm at home (which I am)...... (San Diego is of course known for the fabulous weather, and of course, clean air.) I have a smile from ear to ear. After jumping from the N, to the 2-3 train, we have arrived in Brooklyn Heights. A Beautiful neighborhood. Destination "Iron Chef House". Small quaint sushi restaurant. The lighting is dim and specks of red lighting surrounding the restaurant. Hostess sat my girlfriend and I in probably the worst table. In the corner of course next to the bathroom. Which I'm totally for being near a bathroom since I am not shy to say but suffer from IBS. Once seated, and I'll add seated so close to the next couple over, you can hear every detail in there conversation. Ironically the girl sitting next to me was on the same flight as I was. Weird? No, that's nyc for ya. Anyway I ordered my usual miso soup with out the crunches and a Valentine roll and green tea. The food was ok, not the best. The price was average about $12. For the roll and 3 or 4 bucks for soup. No big deal. When we were finished our meal, another friend had joined us. Making it difficult because of the seating was so tight the couple next to us seemed a bit annoyed. Not my fault this place is so small. With three ladies catching up on some dirt, we were saying inappropriate things that offended them by the looks on there face. We were talking about normal things sex, sex, and what else sex. What else does a group of ladies honestly talk about when they go out to dinner? So I do apologize for that, but come on if you were looking for a date atmosphere this is not it. The price matched up to the service. I had to constantly look around for my little Asian waitress to even remember that we were stuck in the corner. Food came out quick. But then....oh no....ooh Christ! Thank god the bathroom was there... When I eat sushi and that happens, to me that mean's it was bad sushi, right? I've only gotten that a couple other times at Sushi Deli 1 in downtown SD. And there sushi is pretty cheep. In the end with my being happy that I was in NYC, I honestly didn't care really that the service kind of sucked, and my tummy ended up doing flips. Nothing a Mandarin and soda can't calm down at the bar down the street. And that my friend will be my next review, a bunch of Italian stallions.........
