Oh, how I wish we could do half stars.  This place doesn't quite deserve 4 stars. I decided to try El Camino Real on a Tuesday night since it's impossible to get a table on a weekend (see my review of Bar Ferdinand). Walking in last night ECR immediately endeared itself to me.  Cibo Matto was playing! Throughout the whole night there was a super fun mix of 80's and 90's music. It was great. Of course it's neither Mexican or Texan, but great nonetheless.  We are in Philly, after all.  I even got the pleasure of watching a server dance like M.C. Hammer. The food was delicious.  The pig wings are a stellar idea. Their blue cheese is super strong. The pig wings aren't spicy at all, just wonderfully cooked. My friend and I ordered the brisket sandwich and the short rib sandwich.  We both joked about how the kitchen seemed to throw whatever toppings they felt like on the sandwiches.  The sandwiches are huge, thanks in part to the thick sliced toast. None of the sauces were very hot, but the fries are super spicy. I eventually gave up trying to eat them. The place has a great selection of drinks and food.  It's really hard to decide what to order if it's your first time there. The service was decent, if a little slow towards the end.   The reason I really want to under-rate ECR is how our leftovers were handled. My friend and I both asked to have our food wrapped up.  We each had half of a sandwich, a plate full of fries, and sauce. So the server packs it up, puts it in a plastic bag and places it all next to my friend.  Now, I think I need to state two things.  One, I was in the bathroom when my friend asked to have the food packed up so I don't really know if something was said and misunderstood. Two, my friend is male and I am female (and super pretty! just kidding). But you can imagine my surprise when we get back to my place and attempt to divvy up the food. They use the foil containers that fold over a cardboard top. So they aren't super easy to open and close. The first container is our sauces in two plastic containers. Weird, and annoying since it's a waste of packaging.  The second container was only fries.  Both of our fries, combined! The third container was the top piece of bread to each of our sandwiches.  And finally, the fourth was the bottoms to our sandwiches. I'm not sure why our server decided to combine our meals in so intimate a way.  Maybe he assumed we were a couple and heading to the same place?  Even so, that's pretty brazen, and totally out of the norm. The place is so popular on Yelp, I really wanted to love it. But in the end, I was just weirded out by their packaging of the leftovers.  Weird.
