My friend and I came here after reading all of the gleaming reviews on Yelp. We were headed to a show at the nearby Bowery Ballroom and looking for a good Mexican spot. Whenever I had previously asked around for good Mexican in the LES, people often urged me to San Loco, and I therefore had to take matters into my own hands. Thus, we tried Taqueria and I am hugely appreciative of Yelp in times like this. Our meal was spectacular and I plan on making this my go-to spot whenever I'm in the neighborhood. We were immediately greeted with a basket of chips with guacamole (which ran us an unsurprising $7, but was presented to us as complimentary - slightly misleading). The chips are thick, sturdy, and fresh. The guacamole is OUT OF CONTROL, among the best I've ever had. A little bit of a kick, a good ratio of chunky to smooth, the perfect amount of salt and lime. I am salivating at the thought of it right now. We ate that bowl dry and would have gladly ordered another if time had permitted. For my meal, I ordered a steak taco and the enchiladas rojas with chicken. Both were excellent, but the enchiladas were the star of the show. The two enchiladas are smothered in a bold red sauce and sprinkled with a generous amount of queso fresco. Served with a hearty helping of rice and refried beans, the portion is beyond satisfactory. The enchilada sauce was dark and delicious, but the chicken inside was also very flavorful and not too dry. The menu requests that substitutions not be made, so I went for a steak taco when I would typically go for chicken, but they do not list chicken tacos on the menu. The steak was seasoned well, cooked perfectly, and the spicy salsa had a nice kick while still having a ton of flavor. A squeeze of lime brightened it up and made a perfectly delectable taco. I weigh all tacos against Rico's Tacos in Sunset Park, and these are definitely a pretty tough contender - I just wish I were able to get chicken so I could judge fairly! Seriously - the prices are quite reasonable (for drinks too), the food is ridiculously good, the service was friendly and efficient. Not a single complaint - only that I wish they'd open a location in my backyard. Can't wait to go back!
