This place is great. Most people have never had true northern Thai food, and you can get it here. Sure, the portions ARE small, and yes, it is pricy, but Pok Pok Ny is filling a void in most people's experience in Thai food. I would recommend you try it, but have reasonable expectations. There will be little that you recognize here, other than papaya salad. Pok Pok Ny is very similar to Little Serow in Washington, DC, though I would give LS a slight edge on flavor. PPN is cheaper per person, though. We came in at $40 a person for 7 dishes and two beers (group of 4) whereas LS starts at $45 without tax or tip for 6-8 chef's choice courses. If you are in DC, check it out. Sure to be Michelin starred if it hasn't been yet.   Back to PPN, though. We had the following: Wings (spicy) - excellent, though someone in our group complained that they were too salty, but I disagreed. Sausage with nam prik nuun - the star of the show here was the nam prik, a green chile paste. Wonderful. Everyone else seemed to like the sausage as well. Papaya salad - despite the fact that the restaurant is named for this dish, it was quite bland and was disappointing. Consider ordering it "Issan" style - we meant to but forgot and I think that was the difference. The standard was very mild. Pork neck - this was great, but the meat is very fatty. Small portion but a little goes a long way. Duck laap - authentic almost to a fault, with visible "parts" and probably not a good choice for newbies. Very intense flavor, pretty spicy. I loved it, but we didn't finish the portion. Yam Won Sen - very hot, very tasty. Two in our group thought it was "unnecessarily hot" but the dish is supposed to be spicy... Cha Ca La Vong - excellent. I haven't tried the Pok Pok cookbook's recipe for this, but Charles Phan's Vietnamese Home Cooking's version is spot on exactly what PPN is serving. Worth getting for sure. Sticky rice - perfect. Order lots.   Overall, I though PPN was totally worth it and I would happily go back or trying another of the Pok Pok restaurants. It's probably best to only take people truly interested in trying real Thai food, though, or some people in your party might be unsatisfied or disappointed in the meal. The food leans spicy, but in no way gratuitous. I'd say it's actually slightly under spiced, especially compared to LS in DC or Sticky Rice in Chicago, which is easily the best northern Thai restaurant in the country.
