Maybe I'm just on a 5-star jag ... Ulivo was absolutely delicious from start to finish. I began with a half-order of the penne with lamb and mint pesto, a thigh-clapper if I ever tasted one. I was skeptical going in as of all the pasta offerings, it was the only one not homemade. (I tend to ask these things.) But skepticism washed away with every focaccia wipe of the bowl. Speaking of the focaccia, it was wonderful. I would like to thank and make out with the person who made it. It had a light dance of salt atop it that made my heart sing. And now for my entree, the butterfish special. For those of you who, like me, fear the ocean bottom has been thoroughly trawled of anything interesting, leaving us with carp and a harmonica fishbone, I have to tell you, the butterfish was astonishingly flavorful and first-string. Imagine sea bass married with ... a marshmallow just perfectly toasted over a camp fire. That sort of white hot burst when you take a bite, with the skin teething out the perfect whisper of crust. It was served over a homemade chewy pasta - these little nuggets of bliss, that cannot be questioned, just inhaled. My dessert - not that I had room, but never mind - was a chocolate flourless cake with orange tarragon sauce. As described, it was lighter and less predictable than the traditional flourless, and very lovely indeed with absolutely true chocolate notes with an even hand on the sweet. It did not wow me to the level the fish did, but it was a high performer and should be considered if your hips and posterior need filling, as mine apparently do. Finally I really had wonderful service - you can't put a price on that. In closing I will mention the couple who sat behind me featuring an awful little man who spent the entire meal curmudging about how it didn't meet his allegedly pristine standard and then redoubled his bleats when the check came in as it was more than $9.99. The type who weaves into conversation eleventeen times how he's a lawyer and whose dining companion suffers the terrible personality in a gray cloud of silence. If you're this type of person, absolutely do not enter. Ulivo will be lost on you. As for everyone else: please come and see what all the happy fuss is about.
