I love this place. I haven't had the pleasure of sitting in the back patio (too cold already!) but one feature that almost trumps all other: wood-burning fire place. Toasty warm in the cold weather, and just so good-smelling on more mild days. ahhhhh. But fireplace aside (and we do love the fireplace), the atmosphere and food here are great! So far I've had oysters, the grilled cheese, and the chicken pot pie and they've all been delicious. my boyfriend had the beef burger, and while it was satisfying, was quite plain--sort of reminiscent of Lincoln Park Tavern's burger, and not in a good way. The side of cold bland potato salad wasn't exactly a winner either--it would have been nice to have fries, or barring that, maybe just a nice little side of mixed greens. The service has been great and the drinks are delicious as well. I had a couple of great tasting cocktails and my boyfriend had an excellent IPA on tap. I love the curved bar--we realized the taps in the center of the bar area (on an island) made the whole bar feel a lot more open--nothing to stand between you and talking to the bartender when needed. I'm THRILLED there's a pool table in this place. I'm not sure how i feel about that empty front room, but if it means there's a pool table in the same establishment as delicious drinks/food, then I'm ok with it. Honestly, the only reason I'm docking 1 star from this review is because A) the menu could stand a few tweaks to be a bit more memorable/distinguished from LPT, and B) the open empty room in the front feels a little uninviting. At first glance you wouldn't know it was a restaurant--they've now moved in 2 slightly larger tables to fill up the space--but it almost feels like someone's formal dining room, except with 2 flatscreen TVs on the walls. It's honestly a bit weird. Not sure what they'd envisioned for that area. Even if there was a separate, smaller bar in the front with a bartender it would make a little more sense. Shit, maybe i'll show up with 10 friends and we'll be glad for the wide open separate front dining room!
