I finally made it back and felt the need to write another review! Damn I love this place! From the good-lookin' staff  upstairs to the the ramen boys downstairs by the ladies room! Oh and the ramen too. puhahhaa. First off, typical one hour wait at the bar. Japanese bartender, plus! Doesn't hurt to have eye candy at 1 pm in the afternoon, and minus the fact that he made really great cocktails Cocktail 1) Hakata (Sake, Gin, Lemon Grapefruit Juice)    $8 Cocktail 2) Lychee martini, one of the best I've ever had. Hate the syrupy ones Cocktail 3) Wine.. gettin mah buzz on... Seated and greeted, and had amazing service! Appetizers1) Hamachi Carpaccio    $13 Thinly sliced yellowtail sashimi with Japanese carpaccio sauce. Hungover and wanted something fresh n light. It was spot on! Appetizer 2) Umakara Tori Tatsuta Age    $10 Marinated chicken, thinly coasted with rice powder and delicately fried.  Served with spicy chili sauce. Hungover and needed something greazzzzy. Completely hit the spot. Main Attraction: Akamaru Modern    $15 The original "Tonkotsu" noodle soup topped with Ippudo's secret "Umami Dama" miso paste, pork chashu, cabage, kikurage, scallions, and fragrant garlic oil. Hungover and needed "The soup fix" This was to die for!!! I also added the leaf mustard, and seasoned salt boiled egg. So yeah, basically the most expensive ramen I've ever eaten TWICE! I'm so proud to say that too! Last but not least... us ladies made a stop to the washroom downstairs. Walked by and noticed a little dungeon with two guys pushing out fresh ramen. Pretty effin' cool!! They have this small jailhouse peephole so either 1) to sight-see or 2) to keep ventilation going for the guys. Well I just saw noodles, machinery, and midsections of two miscellaneous guys, and just strolled on through to the washroom and had a mini convo w girlfriend. gf: the guys making the ramen is so hot! me: really? the chubby one texting or the skinny one? gf: he's not chubby me: u sure? lemme go see. So I crept by and peeped through and sure enough, he was a cutie. Snap a photo, and thanked them for the delish food, and walking the streets we went.
