Valentines day in Philly! Coming from NYC, I'd be lying if I didn't say I came packed with snobbiness and "oolala food in my town is better" attitude. This review will be for FDR's valentines day menu. Its 75 dollars for a 4 course meal. You can add an extra 25 for the first entree black truffle tagliatelle and another extra 15 for the second entree steak. Since its valentines day, a time when men pretend their wallets are invincible, I threw in the extra 40 bucks. But first things first... Fitler Dining Room is an upscale restaurant with a full open view kitchen and bar seating right in front of the chefs with very, very minimal separation. There were also couch seating facing inside, where my date and I sat semi side-by-side (since the couch curved just a tiny bit). We had a nice courtside view of the table in front of us, where a young couple sat. It would be the perfect place for your friends to sit if you need them to secretly judge your date. I had to conscientiously look away... all the time. Face the damn couch outside! There were three chefs working that evening, all of whom look like A&F models (white, handsome, but with aprons). Just thought you'd like to know. 0 - bread service - one warm but boring piece of bread with boring butter. 1 - tuna appetizer thingy - sweet, limey, and overall appetizing. No complaints but nothing that astounding either. 2 - winter truffle tagliatelle - amazing homemade pasta. The truffle oil brought out so much taste and every bite brought infinite happiness, and eventual despair upon realizing its one less bite until the end. Unparalleled al-dente. The pasta al dente'ed the shit out of me. How do you use that word anyway? Black truffles by themselves are overrated... but dare I say I didn't regret spending ~$50 on this plate of pasta. 3 - steak with potatos and mushrooms - was okay. Mushrooms were amazing and steak was pretty standard fare. 4 - brownie with icecream - Too sweet. Not that good. I was pretty hesitant about giving FDR 4 stars. For 75 pp or in my case, 115, you could easily get a very impressive tasting menu in NYC (see? told you I'd be snobby.) However, looking at their regular menu, the prices are pretty fair and the choices look much better. I also wished FDR informed me that the regular menu would be unavailable on vday. The service did its basic functions, but nothing more on a special day.
