Came here on a road trip home to the DC area from Stowe, VT because of how well reviewed it was on Yelp. We knew we wanted to stop by Burlington and grab some late breakfast (it was around noon on a weekday), so I looked for diners, knowing they'd hopefully have some "breakfast all day" type of deal, and this place topped the list, with good reason -- the food is great, cheap, and fast, and Earl, the young, handsome, and charming owner (I promise I'm not just saying this to make up for all the ball-busting I gave him while he was waiting on us), is a great guy who's doing a fantastic job of keeping his family business running for 60+ years. Well, Earl's "only" been doing it for 16 years, according to the story that's printed on the menu and worth reading if you at all give a crap about supporting local/family/small businesses. Which I do, if that wasn't obvious to you yet. All the locals were in there ordering lunch, since it was weekday lunchtime, and everything looked damn good, but we were insistent on ordering breakfast food. Handy's offers only three breakfast selections in its "late risers" menu section: the McHandy's (loved the jab at McD's, had to order it based on name alone -- egg, cheese, and bacon, sausage, or ham, I believe, on an English muffin, and of course I got sausage because why would you get anything else?); the Super G (some kind of egg/cheese/meat concoction on a sub roll, as Earl described it to us?), and the SST (egg/cheese/meat on FRENCH TOAST). The McHandy's is cheap at $4.50ish; the other two are about twice the price, which is still normal/cheap for breakfast/brunch prices, at least where I come from. My husband tried the SST and it was as obscenely good as egg/cheese/meat on French toast sounds like it would be. Earl thoughtfully asked if he would like to "Costanza" his sandwich since it was too hot and messy to eat by hand, and brought silverware even when my husband refused and said he could handle it. This is a man who knows the power of his establishment's food. I know I'm going to miss this place every weekend from now until the next time I'm in Vermont (next year, maybe?) when I wake up and think, "Time for diner food" and then get sorely disappointed by my local offerings. We have egg/cheese/meat combinations here in DC that compare, but no proprietor or service that compares to Earl. I don't even give a crap about baseball but I still had fun ragging on the Yankees on behalf of my sister in absentia, a Sox fan. Pros: Everything. Cons: Nothing that knocks the stars below five. They didn't have grapefruit juice, but since I asked so nicely, Earl might put it on the menu. Not that it matters since I live 10+ hours away, and who ever cared if a greasy spoon had grapefruit juice anyway? They do have orange juice, and besides, what I should have been drinking was cup after endless cup of diner coffee, but again, if it's not obvious to you yet, I could probably do with less caffeine in my life. In conclusion, EAT HERE NOW. Unless it's between 3pm and 7am, in which case you can't eat there now and you'll have to wait until later.
