My partner and I finally decided to try out Wheelers for brunch on a nice fall weekend morning recently. I've always wanted to try it out and this was our first visit. They advertise that they try to feature local, fresh, organic and sustainable foods. They recently expanded to include a much larger indoor dining area and added outdoor seating in addition to a large takeout area in the back. Inside, the dining area is very nicely decorated with a very cool and contemporary vibe. There is a bar area, a loungy area, and also an area where it appeared they could have live music at night. When we arrived, we were the only people there. Since it was a nice warm morning, we decided to sit in their outdoor seating area. However, it turned out to be a bit too bright and there was insufficient shade, so we quickly asked if we could move back inside, which our waitress happily accommodated. We both started off with a Bloody Mary. They were okay. Nothing special, but perfectly okay. For my entree, I ordered the Fish and Grits. This sounded rather interesting to me and I envisioned a savory mix of grits mixed with fish, shrimp and other ingredients all mixed in. My partner ordered the Salmon Benedict. When our meals arrived, mine did not look at all like I was expecting. It looked like plain grits, with a few fish sticks plopped on top and a few shrimp added on top. I thought, maybe there is more to the appearance. Unfortunately, there wasn't. The grits were just grits. Very little flavor (there was supposed to be cheese in them, but I couldn't detect it). The fish sticks were just plain, dry fish sticks laid on top of the grits. They weren't even good fish sticks. And the shrimp also added nothing. I'm not a chef, but I think I could have come up with a more inspired dish than this. I found it hard to believe they were even serving this as a menu item. I picked through my grits a bit after adding some butter and salt to give it flavor, but I ended up not finishing it. On the other hand, the Salmon Benedict that my partner ordered was good and tasty. No surprises with it, and nothing left over. So, menu-wise, it was very hit and miss on our first visit. But, we will give it another try. It would also be interesting to see how they are for dinner too.
