This review is actually a reprint from my blog on July 12, 2007... jaycaddle.com/?p=7 Are you a meat lover? If you know me, then you know how much meat means to me. Unfortunately, I am also quite cheap when it comes to groceries, and even cheaper with my time when it comes to preparing a meal. That's because I know there a ton of places I can go that can select the meat better, and prepare the meat better, than I ever could. Well my friends, I just found the Mecca of all of these places... Fogo de Chao. Fogo de Chao uses the Brazilian churrasco style of preparing meat... LOTS of meat... and keeps it coming continuously until you are ready for a break. They give you a cardboard "coin" - if your coin is on the green side, it means "keep the meat train rolling", and when you switch it to the red side, it means "I'm taking a break... and as soon as I get a little peristaltic action over here, I'm diving back into the meat pool for a few more backstrokes..." However... this is no "buffet" style dining... each slice of meat is of the highest quality you can imagine! Really, it is just incredible the variety of meat they come to offer you when the chip is green. Here is what I can piece together from my shitty memory of the lunch I enjoyed there this past Tuesday...    * Fillet Mignon    * Fillet Mignon wrapped in bacon    * Rib eye Steak (was honestly my favorite... melted upon tongue contact)    * Pork ribs    * Parmigiana encrusted Pork    * Parmigiana encrusted Chicken    * Parmigiana encrusted Veal    * Veal tenderloin    * Bacon wrapped Chicken    * Lamb chops (oooooh... I had 3 helpings of these...)    * Pork sausage    * There were many more I know I am forgetting... The salad bar had an array of Italian deli meat (the good ones) and cheeses, as well as items such as "heart of palm" and other exotic elements. But who the hell needs the salad bar in a place like this? What idiot would fill up on the complimentary home-baked bread? Carnivore, please.... On a scale of 1 to 10, this restaurant goes to 11. The service is incredible... you flip your chip to green, and all of a sudden there is a horde of meat dispensers at your disposal. At about $30 per person for lunch, it is perfectly priced given the incredible quality of the meat. Dinner is about double the price, and the menu is the same - so if you want to experience this on the cheap side, go for lunch. But seriously, given the quality of this meat, dinner is also under priced. It's the kind of place where you think it is expensive, until you are eating, and then you are like "wow... I get it!" I would like to hear what other people think about this place! Let me know if you have had an experience there... and if you haven't, you should definitely check it out!!!
