A restaurant like Hearth is a little out of character in the East Village. Dining here is very homey and comfortable in a classic sort of way. Waiters are attentive, seating is spacious and the menu features modern yet familiar takes on Italian American favorites. Because Hearth is so uncharacteristically traditional, it tends to get overshadowed by its flashier and quirkier neighbors, who have more appeal to the younger hipster crowd. The restaurant is underrated and totally undeserving of being so. The food at Hearth is "rooted in the modern traditions of the American kitchen with influences from our Italian heritage," so expect hearty and robust Mediterranean flavors. A locavore ethos drives the menu, and the items change daily depending on the availability of seasonal, local ingredients. We ordered the arugula, fennel, and anchovy salad and the smoked Spanish mackerel for starters, both of which were excellent. (Be prepared for the intensely salty, briny flavors of the anchovy in the salad and on a lesser scale the strong, smokey flavors of the mackerel). We also ordered the whole roasted branzino. The delicious filet peeled cleanly off the bones, revealing impressive execution on the restaurant's part. Side dishes are usually an afterthought at many restaurants, but Hearth elevates them to the same star status as the main courses. The gnocchi was hands down the best item of the night. It was so addictive that the single table order quickly turned into a second. The dish can best be described as buttery mashed potatoes encased in a fluffy doughy casing. It's an extremely simple preparation that gets to the core of our hearty comfort food cravings.  The hen of the woods side order was also extremely tasty, featuring some of the best and most flavorful roasted mushrooms I have ever tried in recent memory. You'll find it hard to leave the warm and inviting mantle at Hearth as a pleasantly full and satiated house guest, but you'll always be welcomed back for equally memorable return visits at this gracious restaurants.
