Yeah.  Dats right.  I gave dis here place 2 stars.  MEH.  Meh meh meh.  You show up, give your name to ditzy girl at door wit da ipad and she said they text you when your table be ready...but it not really ready.  When you git your text you show up and check in wit da ditzy girl at da door and she check you off.  Then you wait some more.  And some more...meanwhile, there be lots of people acting all crazy and shieet  axing questions and trying to cut you in line.  It just be a burger place people.  Stop dat shieeet.  West coast need to figure out East coast efficiency.  Finally, they call my name and we git seated, but not after they seat 2 parties of same size that checked in after us.  Lots of points lost there for the shitshow.  Like I said, West coast need to figure out East coast efficiency.   Freaking waiter comes over and immediately ax us if we want drinks.  Chill.  Slow yo roll.  We just sat down and need to eyeball your menu Judah Friedlander waiter.  We order a bottle of wine.  They run out of it so we gots to git other wine.  We order fried pickles.  They run out of it.  What da hell, they run out of meat too?  We also order truffle fries, cheesy tots, onion rings and Original burger, Manly burger and Cali burger.  Waiter bring out the bottle of wine and 5 mins later he bring out our truffle fries.  5 mins later he bring out 3 chinese soup spoons of wack sauces.  Where my lemonade?  My homies be drinking their wine all this time and I be dying of thirst from all dat waiting and from da fries.  I ax where my lemonade and Judah Friedlander waiter, says he gots to bring out the stupid sauces first.  WTH.  I guess sauces be more important than mah drink order.  What, you fill a glass up and bring it out.  All the waiters and runners look mad over it and tired.  One of them even told me his ass be tired from all dis foolery.   It took forever for the burgers to come out.  Anywayz...cheesy tots should be called greasy tots and dey taste frozen and not very cheesy at all.  Onion rings be mad greasy too, but they be OK after they cool down.  We like da fries. Manly burger be all greasy and wack with grease running down my homie's hands while she  tryin' to eat it.  She order it medium rare but it came out rare.   My other homie no like the Cali burger.  She don't say nuthin' but I no like it.  Nuff said.  I got da Original burger and it be tasty but  there be so much "umami" I never even tasted da beef.  These burgers ain't real burgers.  A burger be GROUND beef and juicy.  Dis here be chopped meat and greasy as hell.  It be like if you took steak tartare and made a patty and then grill it.  The burger texture be mad stoopid.  My gang and I won't be back.  Mad hype.  Oh, and all dis stuff be so MAD SALTY I be guzzling Coke at 3am cuz water wasn't cutting it.  No lie.   Shake Shack or Burger Joint still crushing it in my book.
