The only thing I didn't really like about Char No. 4 is that it's taken me seven years of living in New York to find it. First -- a quick story: when I first moved to New York, I only drank crappy beer* and was constantly made fun of for it. So I learned to drink good beer and was made fun of, because I didn't drink liquor. So I learned that I loved bourbon and whiskey and scotch, and everyone stopped making fun of me.** Char is, ostensibly, a beautiful restaurant, deep and dark -- the perfect kind of place to take a date or meet a few friends for a celebration. The first thing you'll see is a huge bar on the right, with a wall of some of the best bourbon and whiskey you're ever going to see. There's not a ton of room here between the bar and the row of seats at a small shelf with seats, so the earlier you get here the better. But what makes Char special is its' collection of liquor -- almost 300 different types of bourbon and whiskey (and some scotch), broken down into each's specific genre with bartenders who not only know the difference between American Whiskey (Stranahan's of Colorado) and Irish Whiskey but aren't pedantic and dismissive about educating you on what you're drinking. And for those that don't know anything, there are three whiskey flights you can sample (one oz. pours from three different bottles) all from the Buffalo Trace distillery. *** Once you've had a glass, head straight back for dinner. There are two main eating areas, the one in front being the bigger and has both room for tables of four-six and tables of two. The two-tops are quite romantic, even, with low lighting, dark woods, slate and candles everywhere. Keep going back (where the bathrooms are) and there's a raised platform containing a few more tables. Either way, this place fills up at night, so if you're going to get here after seven or so, make sure to make a reservation. Now, on to the food. While I'm one of the biggest proponents of a liquid dinner as the next guy, if you don't order the short ribs you're basically denying yourself one of the ten best pieces of meat I've had in New York. I don't know enough about the preparation of meat to tell you exactly what goes into it, or what they did to make it so delicious. All I do know is it will make your mouth do backflips, which is worth the price of admission. The jambalaya was good, but I think I make it better (they use dirty rice which puts the rice's flavors into the food as opposed white rice, or similar, which will soak up the flavors) but the bacon we had as an appetizer, on a bed of caramelized onion, was fatty and obscenely delicious. We also had the cheese curds (I was training for a marathon, shutup) and though the pimento dipping sauce (really? really.) wasn't that amazing, fried cheese is hard to mess up. Char isn't perfect (nowhere is) but you can be almost guaranteed that you'll have a fantastic time here, which is the definition of a five-star place in my book. I advise you to get there early, have a glass of Buffalo Trace (get it neat), talk to the bartender about other drinks you might like and get the short ribs. You'll be happy you did. * - I still do. I love me some Bud Light. ** - For what I drink; people still make all kinds of fun of me for just about everything else. *** - Or you could just get six ounces of Buffalo Trace, because straight up Buffalo Trace tastes like a Double Rainbow.
