Peaches HotHouse, you made my night today. You must understand, I have been planning to get in this place for weeks now. Maybe even months. I even went into the sister restaurant (Peaches) thinking it was the same one that I saw on the Cooking Channel ( it wasn't ). Finally, I made it, and I was not disappointed. Well, not entirely. The ambiance of this front is less frou frou than the sister restaurant, more casual, comfy, a cool place to kick back and relax- if there's enough room for you. It seems like a mere 36 people give or take can fit in here, which makes waiting for a table slightly uncomfortable. Once the waiting was over, the real event began. The chicken..the big heaping plate of chicken was soooo overwhelming. Initially, 12 bucks for 3 pieces of chicken seems steep, but this is CHICKEN. Like, Fred Flintstone like chicken. Big old dookie piles of chicken. Crazy. We ordered the hot variety, but there's also no spice or extra hot for the adventurous types. Flavor wise, the meat was super succulent and juicy. I will say, that I was not a fan of the actual crusty bits. I'm a freak for texture, so it could be just me. It was spicy, but not enough for my Jamaican blood. My sides for the evening were garlicky kale (yes), bacon creamed corn (YES), the surprisingly awesome crunchy grits ( I'm not big into grits, but these were super super yum..mega YES) and mac & cheese. Didn't have too much of the latter, but I could tell that this was way above Velveeta quality, and maybe a little bit less awesome than your granny's ( or mom's...or sister's....you get it) To top this already awesome experience off, I had a tasty beer called Mother's Milk, and the staff friggin' rocks! My friends and I totally hit it off with the two waiters, so much so we got Facebook deets afterwards. One could really tell that they enjoy what they do, and enjoy making the customer experience everything it should be. Bang on guys. So yes, I would totally come back here, if not for the rocking sides, but for the awesome people that make Peaches what it is: A super friendly, super stuffing Southern food journey.
