As someone who has been working in the restaurant industry for over 20 years I feel quite qualified to leave a review regarding the new and exciting restaurant Vite. I went here with three girlfriends this past weekend and we loved it! I wasnt expecting it to be so busy after only being open for two weeks, so we had to wait at the bar. Not a problem for me. I was quickly offered a glass of wine and enjoyed my friends company. We decided to order our appetizers at the bar as we were hungry and didnt want to wait for our table. Meat Stuffed Olives! Whats better than that. They were really good. Probably could have went for a second order. We had the meat plate which came with bread, which they needed to replenish, They did no problem. We also had the tomato, basil and fresh mozzarella appetizer. It was delicious.  Plus a few other appetizers, all delicious. We were having such a good time hanging out by the bar eating and drinking we almost gave up our table when it became available but the waiter insisted we sit down to enjoy our dinner. We ordered the Risotto of the day which came in an authentic Italian clay pot, we also ordered the Homemade Ravioli, grilled skirt steak and rigatoni with Veal sauce. Yes we like to eat! ! The waiters assisted serving us as each entree was delivered, I must say the service was excellent.  Besides their professionalism they somehow made us feel like we were all old friends and already repeat customers. They even gave us a round of free shots after we ordered dessert. For dessert we had the tiramasu and the Popcorn Mousse with Popcorn Brittle. This is a must if you decide to go to Vite. They werent accepting credit cards that night, but it wasnt really a big deal as their was a cc machine around the corner.  The dinner took a bit long to come out but we really didnt mind as we were having such a great evening enjoying our "girls night out".  I wish more restaurants would take their time and not make you feel rushed.  Cant wait to go back!
