I've been going to SriPraPhai for years. In fact, this is the place where I met my fiance so I definitely had some strings attached here. I can't recall how many people I brought here and told about this place so proudly. I was bringing in a group of 20 people this weekend. But after having today's experience, I'm not going to this location anymore and will never say anything good about this place. My fiance and I drove 2 hours just to have food here and let ourselves starve believing we are going to have delicious food. We ordered appetizers and the entree. One of our entrees was Basil Fried Rice. We told the woman to add the mock duck instead of the tofu. The menu said the Basil Fried rice contain "tofu, vegetables, chili, garlic and basil leaves".  My fiance and I are vegetarians. We received our rice order with eggs in the plate. We told the waitress that we didn't want eggs in the rice, plus it doesn't state in the menu that Basil Fried Rice contain eggs. First, she said we should've informed them that we don't eat eggs, but then I pointed her to the menu. She quietly took the rice back and we received our new rice back in less than 5 minutes. Where as, the original order came after over 15 minutes. Basil Fried Rice, did not have Basil flavor, they were not fried, instead BOILED. The mock duck we got in the rice lacked flavor completely. We have eaten Basil Fried Rice and know the taste of it, what we received was not what we ordered. we didn't eat our food and asked for the bill. It was very disappointing that we drove 2 hours just to experience this. we rounded up the bill amount and did not leave any tip. Considering the service, they didn't deserve any. Being upset and hungry, we were leaving. As we left, two of the waitresses, one young thai about 5"6 girl with short hair and another one short height and boy cut hair did something so rude that I hope they get fired. As I walked out, both of these waitresses looked at me, and said something mocking and giggled. I do not understand Thai but their body language was enough for me to know that they were mocking. This kind of behavior is unacceptable and very unprofessional. It is not our fault that they didn't take our order correctly, yet they had the courage to mock. We told other workers about their behavior. One of the girl went hiding in the kitchen and didn't come out . Other girl came out and said to me "Do you want me to say sorry to you?" Yet, she didn't apologize for her behavior. The other ladies who work there, they apologized instead. This was a terrible experience. If I had to write this review even a day before, I would have been cheering for this place. Because they always managed to satisfy me even if they were busy with people and then there's a line of people waiting to get in. Today, it was only few people, about 3-4 tables were seated. All I can say, VERY VERY DISAPPOINTING!!! Will not return to this place.
