I wanted to love this place, I really did. Especially after the closing of a similar restaurant on Bowery called Peels. I thought all my friend chicken and southern food cravings had been solved. I have eaten here for both breakfast and dinner. I must say that breakfast was a bit better and I would potentially go back to try a couple other items on the brunch menu. Dinner  however...was fairly disappointing. My friend had been dying to go and so instead of trying the new tapas restaurant that just opened across the street, we decided to go to Sweet Chick. We're both on a big watermelon juice kick at the minute so when we saw a cocktail on the menu named "sweet chick" with watermelon juice, vodka...and a couple other mix ins...we were nothing but excited to try it out. I can honestly say, never in my dining experience have I ever had to send something back because I didn't feel like I could eat/drink it. So this was a first. The "sweet chick" drink tasted like a terrible college "jungle juice". Like perhaps cheap vodka mixed with minute maids new watermelon juice (honestly that may taste better than this) they attempted to fancy it up with chili flakes on the rim but it just made it worse. We both expressed our dislike and ordered new drinks. I ordered "purple drank" which I am fairly certain was just purple soda ( i didnt finish it) and my friend ordered the spiked ice tea which she also didnt finish. Pretty upsetting for $12 a drink (the average cost of a well made cock-tail in the city) needless to say, maybe not the best place to get a cocktail. I would say the food is so-so. Nothing wrong with it but nothing spectacular. We ordered the bucket of chicken which also comes with a biscuit (large biscuits but a bit cripsy...honestly prefer KFC's...ouch, it pains me to say that). The mac and cheese was quite good, but there are a billion places in the city with good mac and cheese. I will end on a happy note and say that the customer service is outstanding. Each time i was seated right away by a friendly face. The staff are very attentive and the food comes out quickly. Although we had an issue with our drink orders, they happily replaced them with something different for us.
