I'm torn on the place.  It's an awesome location, and has a great layout and looks great.  The area has been in desperate need of an outdoor hot spot and this certainly fits the bill.  Plus, it replaces a bit of blight, so almost anything would be an improvement. Service - There really isn't any.  You go up to the window and order your beer or food and they either hand it to you or bring it out to you.  Haven't had the food yet, but the bartender was nice.  That could change if it gets packed. Food - Looks like they have a decent amount of the German standards.  Pricing is a little schizophrenic, though.  The Entrees seem reasonable, even cheap (depending on the quality, of course).  The sausages are a little high, but still tolerable.  But, I just cannot see the reasoning behind an $8 pretzel and a $5+ hot dog.  I mean, seriously.  They had better be orgasmic for that price. Beer - I mean, really, this is where it's at.  It's not called a "food-garden" or an "ambiance-garden".  Their list is...thin.  Don't get me wrong, if you want German beer, you'll get it.  But, if you're expecting a particular German beer, you might not get it.  And you won't get it cheap either way.  Their drafts are $6+ for a 1/2 liter (a whole extra ounce over a pint) and I didn't see any price benefit to doing a full liter.  $6 works for something unusual, but I didn't really see anything that merited the extra $1-$2 a pint on the list (hopefully, this changes).  And they should really leave the $4 bottles of Miller Lite in Center City where they found them. Clientele - And this is where the place really suffers.  You've got everything from tan-in-a-can meatheads who don't think the first 5 buttons on their AX dress shirt count to drunken loudmouth fratbrats.  My only hope is that they'll tire of the long journey from Old City, Manayunk and Cherry Hill and the place will be left to a bit more chill group.  Seating is kind of family-style with tables meant to be shared.  I didn't really see anyone there I would have enjoyed sharing with. I hope for good things, and I'll update after I have the food, but I'm hoping that things don't remain the same.  Frankford Hall could really be an asset to the neighborhood.
