Having been a long time fan of the Red Cat, I recently had the most disappointing dining experience over NewYears Eve. I had a 10pm reservation that the restaurant made me secure with a credit card.  I have no problem doing this, however, you best ensure that you have a table promptly waiting for me upon arrival. As usual, my guest and I arrived at 10pm promptly.  We were greeted by a loud noisy crowd in the overstuffed bar area and by a scattered hostess, who told us that there would be a slight delay for our table, without giving any additional insight.  Right away based upon the pandemonium, it was quite apparent that the restaurant had overbooked, and I as the lucky guest who would have to deal with the aftermath. My guest and I fought our way down to the end of the crowded bar to wait patiently for our reserved and credit card confirmed table.  45 minutes stretched by with only a few words of feedback from the hostess and manager, who kept trying to assure us that our table would be ready at any minute.  In all honesty, if the restaurant had been honest and the  only available  reservation had been for 11pm, I would have dined elsewhere. We were finally seated and by 11pm, my guest and I received our menus and some water.  I was hoping to be finished with dinner by midnight, so that we could toast in the new year with a glass of champagne, but alas, that obviously was not going to happen.  The infuriating part is that if you were a walk-in at 10:45pm or at 11:00pm, you could be seated promptly.  So much for having a reservation..... Once seated, we ended up with a very nervous server, who was semi-attentive.  We were presented with an amuse-bouche as an apology.  It was a tiny salty, puff pastry with crème fraîche and caviar, which seemed to be more of an insult than an apology. Yuck, Cutting to the food, which consisted of four courses was decent in all honesty.  The best dish was the tenderloin by far and the duck was done very nicely.  We were not a fan of the fried oysters, but the beef tar tar and the lobster salad were tasty.  The profiteroles were a total fail as the coffee ice cream did not compliment the puff pastry very well.   Of course midnight came, and we still had dirty dinner dishes in front of us.  Yeah....nice way to ring in the new year.  At this point the entire staff seemed to abdicate their responsibilities.  A rotund female chef wandered into the dining room with a large glass of brown alcohol.  The servers all went absentee.  So much for $90 a head plus drinks dining experience! Our server finally came over to us and told us that he had to leave in order to go spend time with his kid,  Yeah.....real nice for the customer.  We were handed off to a server named Susan, who not only screwed up our dessert order, but subsequently screwed up our check.  We got the full on "sloppy seconds" treatment.   When the desserts were delivered to our table they were mixed up with the table next to us.  It was a total rank amateur move by a restaurant that likes to pretend that it I can provide a first rate dining experience.. In hindsight, I thoroughly and utterly regret spending my New Years Eve at the Red Cat.  Management did not respect its customers enough to give them a top end experience, especially given what was being charged.  As a result, they have lost a customer for life, and I will share this poor experience with as many people as possible. I believe that the Red Cat will soon be going the path of its sister restaurant, the Harrison. R.I.P
