I have been wanting to go to Perilla ever since it opened to basically compare my palette with what I see on Top Chef, as I'm sure many people do. The Okay: -- Elk Osso Buco - I have never tried elk before so I thought I would be adventurous.  Its taste wasn't overly gamey but it wasn't as tender as a beef or pork shank would be (and understandable so).  This way however, the flavor I felt wasn't able to penetrate the meat as well.  The good part about this dish was the celery root puree - a little dab onto the braised meat or with bread dipped in the jus led to a great dynamic flavor.  The concentrated flavor of the celery lets you feel like you're drinking a soup.  The dish also comes with a mini-fork to eat the marrow.  I tried to be adventurous and eat it but it was so gritty that I got too scared. -- Spicy Duck Meatballs - very well seasoned with a hint of spiciness.  I could have used a lot more spiciness and I would have definitely preferred some added texture as it all felt too mushy. The Good: -- Pork Belly - if you fear the fat, do not order for there is a lot but it is good.  Flavor-wise it was a simple barbeque sauce but my favorite part about this dish was the kimchee salad.  The flavors were very fresh and it wasn't as sweet and bitter as some kimchee can get from its seasoning or through over-fermenting.  The addition of pickled ginger was a great idea. -- Sticky Toffee Pudding - so good.  So good.  But the star anise ice cream was too much.  It's fine for people who like the flavor of star anice or licorice but at that point, all I really wanted was a scoop of vanilla.  Ask for a substitution if you can. The Great: -- RIsotto - delicious.  Great flavors, perfect texture (not soggy or aldente, earthy rice), enough cheese, and the thinly sliced grapes were a perfect addition (an idea I will borrow) to allow the palette to refresh itself and differentiate each bite. The Cherry on Top: We got to see Harold walk through and we were seated by the coat check area so when he walked through, the curtain had brushed up against my friend to which he responded, "Pardon me." So cute; such a gentleman.  I wish you much success sir. At the end of our meal, the bill comes with a comment card so my friend and I wrote, "Harold is cute. We loved your food." I hope it somehow reaches him and he gets a kick out of that.
