ECR is a solid B restaurant. You'll find good food here, but its nothing to write home to mom about either. The menu is non-intimidating mexican food, BBQ, and burgers, basically an upscale Tex-Mex. The mexican dishes were above average, but if true Mexican is what you're looking for go to Cantina Dos Segundos two blocks south on 2nd. The service and ambiance is nice enough, classic NoLibs hipster-esque with a dash of CC well-to-do-ness. The price point was a little high. The food is solid, though a little short on the details and rough around the edges. Let me be more specific. Starting with the menu--they have a list of tasty combinations of "burritos", but no tacos to be found. No tacos on a mexican food menu? I was thoroughly perplexed. I ended up ordering the steak burritos, replacing the flour tortilla for corn, and it came out taco style, which was just what I was looking for. So it was a happy ending, but more work than necessary to get there. Also, had I not had a clear idea of what I wanted going in, I would have never known that tacos were even an option. I think they've over-Americanized the mexican food menu or could at least restructure it to better communicate the good options they have. More specifically the food. Again, its all solid, but falls short on little details. My steak taco filling was good, but two corn tortillas instead of one made the shell heavy handed. The enchiladas were tasty, but the egg was over cooked. The filling in the shrimp burrito was great, I loved that they weren't afraid to actually make it a little spicy. But the baseline option for the flour tortilla seemed strange. I know it sounds like I'm being super picky, but its these little things that keep this restaurant (IMHO) from taking it to the next level. A couple more examples. The margaritas: Fine, but not great, a little too syrupy for my taste. The bottomless chips (for which you're charged 1$ per person)--OK, but three of us only got through one basket (and they're not that big). Though I'm glad I didn't gorge myself on tortilla chips, the bottom line was the chips and salsa were just not all that good. Bright spots: the shrimp burrito, the jalapeño salad, the good combination of flavors, the slaw---these higher quality options that distinguish it from your run of the mill Mexican American dining. I do wonder if they've changed owners or restaurant concepts recently, because the menu seems to have changed. I don't remember the BBQ/TexMex being such a prominent feature the last time I went there.
