Public is an interesting place.  We had one huge downfall to an otherwise good meal, albeit really really long meal.   We came into Public on a quiet summer Friday night.  At first we were the only people in the restaurant at 8 pm.  Shortly after we placed our order the  server informed us they were having a random health inspection and our food would take an extra long time tonight but he was happy to get us some bread and wine to hold us over.  Great.  We were fine with the wait and the wine was a nice touch.  It's what a restaurant should do when something like this happens.   Mushroom Ceviche was fantastic.  Really interesting dish, I highly recommend getting it.  My fiance got the venison and while he thought he had ordered veal, he still ate the venison and thought it was great.   The only large downfall was with my dish.  I never order salmon at restaurants because without fail it always comes too undercooked for my taste.  My mother makes an incredible salmon and I found that restaurants just can't compete.  I stupidly ordered the salmon at Public because it sounded like a really interesting dish.  I stressed to the waiter, can he please make sure it's cooked, not raw in the middle.  The salmon obviously comes completely raw in the middle and I had to send it back.  Now this is where I get annoyed.  Instead of just throwing it on for another few minutes, he brings my dish back 15 minutes later (my fiance's venison/veal is now cold) and it's burnt to a blackened crisp.  Completely inedible.  I suspect that Public's chef is not an idiot and purposely did this because I didn't agree with his first take on the salmon.  I've seen people order food that makes me cringe and I understand that people really like their salmon raw inside but I don't.   I really find that only the best restaurants really cater to their clients.  Craft had no problem with the salmon request, however Public's chef wants to make things the way he wants to make things and that would prevent me from coming back.
