Right when I thought I've experienced the best southern creole inspired cuisine that Philly has to offer it seems like I come across another victor. But while I expected Rex 1516 to deliver a win for somewhat biased reasons since my friend Jake works the kitchen, and that it would be the perfect spot for myself and couple friends to enjoy a holiday reunion; I wasn't prepared for the little touches that delivered big results. And those things make Rex the perfect place to give my first 5 star review of 2015 to! Sitting barside during a packed Saturday meant that our main server was also an incredible mixologist who was spot on with his beer recommendations. The Deep South cocktail with rooibos infused vodka, honey syrup, lemon, and Bartram's bitters was perfectly crafted and delivered the right elements to sooth the claws of the throat wolf that the weather had me enduring. When a patron was gluten free they were given a whole other menu of options. When someone asked for a soda they were given Mexican cola by the bottle instead of whatever crap comes out of the gun. Its little things like that which just took their service and attentiveness to another level without being obtrusive. For appetizers we split the smoked wings with chipotle molasses glaze, incredible crawfish pot pie with a spicy crawfish etouffee, and fried green tomatoes that are easily the best in Philly. While the hamburger with fried egg, bacon, and pimento cheese with sweet potato fries; and the southern fried chicken meal with collards, Andoiulle cornbread stuffing, and black pepper chicken gravy gave my friends satisfying meat comas; I decided that I needed some fish. And the Bienville Pan Roast  with littleneck clams, mussels, and Scottish samon fish of the day with a flavorful sauce and plenty of sourdough to soak it up in delivered perfect results. Hitting up their brunch so that I can try their Best of Philly winning huevos rancheros is definitely on my list. But I also plan on catching some of their game changing Citywide  Burger Specials of the week since they've been coming up with some amazing ones.
