Saw the dueling Cheesesteaks Episode on the Travel Channel. Thought that I absolutely had to come here to eat a Philly Cheesesteak. I actually was dissuaded to go to Genos because I felt like they were on steroids regarding advertising. I did a quick glance between Pat's and Genos and actually liked the relaxed view of Pats better. There were tour buses doing drive by's and there were high school students swarming at the time that I went. My honest opinion: Just a meat sandwich. I've actually had better steak sandwiches in California. I think I should have probably tried Jim's in downtown. Report: MEAT:  was tender and more on the salty side than Pat's. Juicy. Sandwich is about a foot long. WHIZ: (Cheese) was on the liquidy side. It should have been thick and cheesy ONIONS: I liked the onions on top. They are square cut and sauteed CHOICE: You have a choice between American cheese, whiz or Provolone. If you want a classic Philly, then get Whiz and onions SERVICE: Super quick, in fact instantaneous. I didn't even get a chance to blink and I had my sandwich piping hot in my hand. DRINKS: You slide down to the next window and order your drinks. A bottle of water is about $2.00. A regular soda is around $1.50. In regards to the Ambience, its outdoor seating overlooking a community baseball park. The area has history in regards to immigrant populations. You could see old dumbbell tenements, an Asian community and Italian influence. It feels like a nice place to have lunch. The weather was right, so it was a nice day to eat outside. Lunch: $10.00 for a drink and a philly cheesesteak. I should have had a local beer and some fries or something else to try. About an 8 to 10 minute drive from downtown. Pretty easy to get to. Oh and I got a complimentary Geno's pen (great marketing skills). I would go here again, but not crave it. It was a good experience and it was cool to see it. I asked local cab drivers and local Philly people. It was a split review down the middle of which cheesesteak was better Genos' or Pat's. It's kind of like the chicken and the egg. So instead of saying which one is better, just accept the fact that Philly people love cheesesteaks and they love their meat. I can appreciate that.
