My friend from New York tried to eat here six times, but each time it was closed. So one fine Saturday when we were in Stamford, we called to make sure it was going to be open and we headed on over. We each got the "cheese works" which is the cheeseburger with onions and tomatoes. My friend got his the regular way which is fairly rare. I tried to ask for mine done "a little more well" which basically translated to well done because there are only two ways they cook it: all red or no red. There weren't many people there when we walked in a little before midnight, but we watched the place get very crowded and then empty out again all duirng our fairly long wait for the burgers.  I had to wait an extra few minutes longer than my friend too because of ordering it well done. We sank our teeth into the burger sandwiches on white toast and it was definitely an interesting experience. The cheese, onions, and tomatoes gave it enough flavor to be good, but seasonings definitely would have made it better. We heard other people ordering it with extra cheese later on and realized that was the trick for getting an even better burger, so be sure to ask for extra cheese!! I think if we had just walked down the street and wandered into a burger joint, we wouldn't have enjoyed the burgers nearly as much as we did having drove 45 minutes to it and the great anticipation that was built up thanks to the Travel Channel. Basically it was more worth it for the story than the burger. The potato salad was very good, had a little egg which I liked but my friend didnt. It had a lot of pepper though so it got a little overwhelming after a few spoonfuls. The ginger ale there was also good, came in a bottle and was drier but a little sweeter than usual, such as Canada Dry. The service was friendly despite being slow and the guy was very patient with us as we figured out what we wanted. Overall it was pretty cool to experience the history. I would possibly go again if I'm in the area, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to get it.
