I'm not quite sure why I'm contributing another review to the 400++ reviews of this place.. But I was there just today for Sunday brunch with the bf and, without question, had one of the best pancakes I've ever had in my life. So I feel inclined to contribute my newly found adoration for this place! We were greeted by a huge line of people all waiting and crowding around the entrance, so we expected to be waiting for an hour, perhaps even two... But! We only waited for a grand total of 20 minutes! Oh happy joy joy. Great efficiency on the door girl's part. Staring at my sinful plate of 3 stacked-high gorgeous pancakes, the little bowl of maple BUTTER (maple syrup whipped with butter.. Oh good lord), and the beautiful topping of blueberry compote, I told myself  -- Alright, I'm just going to eat half of the portion and doggy-bag the rest home.. You know, watch the calorie intake and all, especially in the morning. Small portion sized meals, blahblahyadayada... But right after sinking my teeth into a slice of the pancakes - even without the maple butter and blueberry compote - I just couldn't stop myself. Every bite made me want another, and another, and another. And then they were all gone. These pancakes are so good you don't even need the side condiments. Eat them alone, or with, there really is no denying about their awesome, amazing goodness. (I Had to go home and try and google for the recipe - apparently the egg whites are separated and whipped individually, which makes the fluffiness.) My bf had the spanish scramble, which he absolutely adored too. He's not too big on the pancakes, likes his breakfasts big and greasy and hearty. I had a bite of the hashbrowns and they were really quite good, and the eggs too, even coming from a girl who doesn't like cheese. The guy who served us was also the guy in charge of making the drinks, and boy, was he busy. Yet, he attended to us right on cue, checked in on our orders and food every now and then, and served us with a smile. Really good service. I couldn't leave without taking away a carrot bran muffin (low fat apparently, I console myself) and a peanut butter cookie. Both were great, although the muffin gets my complete adoration and love.. It was just the right softness, just the right flavour. I'd definitely go back again to try the other flavours. Yes, so here I am. Joining the ranks of the other hundreds of reviewers to say this place is simply.. Wonderful. Amazing. Awesome! I wish I ate my pancakes a little slower.
