I typically only write Yelp reviews when the experience is something to warned about, so consider this a warning.  My boyfriend, his brother and I tried out In Riva last night. As a precursor, the restaurant was not terribly busy, so the issues we had were not a result of an overtaxed staff or kitchen.  If our first mistake was choosing In Riva to have dinner, our second mistake was deciding to sit at the bar.  We sat down at the bar and waited, and waited, and waited until the bartender finally acknowledged out presence with a half-hearted apology about making us wait.  All three of us ordered both appetizers and entrees.  While it was obvious that were were all dining together, the kitchen decided that we should all get our food at different times.  My boyfriend ordered the pea soup, which came out first.  About five minutes later his brother's octopus arrived, and yet another five minutes later my meatballs finally arrived.  My boyfriend and his brother were both finished with their appetizers before mine arrived at the bar.  This ritual of staggering dishes and service was repeated when our entrees came out - again my boyfriend's ravioli arrived first, his brother's rigatoni followed several minutes later and my pizza arrived last and when the pasta's were nearly completely consumed.  This kind of service is unacceptable as it makes the dining experience awkward for all the members of the party.  However, no one at In Riva found this to be at all problematic, and it seemed to par for the course.   The food in and of itself was good, however, it was nothing extraordinary and was WAY overpriced.  While the prices themselves were not terrible, the portions for the appetizers and the entrees were small ($10 for three meatballs and $12 for three vegetable ravioli?!?!) Lastly, the service from the bartender was the worst service I have had in a  long time.  Not only were we sitting at the bar for a while before she greeted us or took even a drink order, she also specialized in disappearing from the bar for long stretches of time or alternately forgot that she was working and spent her time socializing with a friend of hers rather than taking care of customers.  Her disappearing act occurred at all times when our food arrived, which relieved her of her burden of making sure our food arrived and whether we needed anything.  Further, after we finished, we again waited, and waited, and waited for the check.  The bartender was completely out of the restaurant chatting with the same friend that took all her attention while she was at the bar.  Even after she came back from her adventure with her friend, we had to ask for the check at least twice before it was provided.  It was clear that the last thing that the bartender wanted to do was her job.   Bottom line, there are many pizza/pasta restaurants in this city that will be getting my business from here on out, and I recommend that others do the same.
