Amazing pizza Awesome bloody mary Much closer to the Italian end of the New York style - Italian style pizza spectrum, and no slices, just personal-sized pizzas that are delicious and just the right size for a solid meal, so don't share. I repeat- DON'T SHARE (but you won't want to anyway, and if you make the mistake in doing so, you'll just end up ordering a second one)... (which, come to think of it, is fine because everyone loves leftover pizza, especially THIS pizza). Not blown away by their brunch menu (or the prices) but what's wrong with eating pizza for brunch?? And now for the bloody mary-  it's a good one, and if you haven't had it and you consider yourself a bloody mary connoisseur, you have to try this one.  I'm not going to tell you it's the best I've ever had, (although some people will) because to me it's not.  But it is definitely something different, thanks to those san marzano tomatoes and the oregano, which, I'll admit, threw me off at first perhaps because it reminded me too much of pizza.  But then it quickly grew on me and now I find myself occasionally craving for one since nobody else does them the way they do. If you drink more than one bloody mary at brunch, either you're trying to have that kind of a day, or it was just that good and you want another despite not needing the alcohol.  This bloody is not cheap but it was good enough for me to order a 2nd. The service here is kinda strange.  I've been told that everyone working here has some share in ownership, but I find that kinda hard to believe because it's a mixed bag, and while most of them are great, there are a few that I know I wouldn't want to be partners with if we were going to owner/operate our business. This neighborhood isn't exactly plentiful with good restaurant options yet, but even if it was, Saraghina would still stand out, and if you happen to find yourself craving pizza in this part of town, this is without a doubt the best option Also f@#$ Grimaldi's.  With wonderful places like Saraghina, I don't know why anyone in their right mind would go to Grimaldi's unless unless you actually like waiting that long for a lesser pizza that comes with a bigger attitude.
