I understand that everyone has bad experiences at restaurants, especially new ones, but the bad reviews I've read on here were not my experience at all. I'm almost reluctant to award five stars to Salt and Fat so it doesn't become a hipster destination. Oops, too late. The dining room itself is unremarkable, but that's not why you come to Salt and Fat. If you have any reservations about consuming the restaurant's eponymous ingredients, you need not worry. You won't develop hypertension or arteriosclerosis, at least not in one sitting. I read lots of complaints on Yelp about the service, but we had a pleasant server and efficient service on a busy Sunday night. Now, on to the good stuff. For starters, instead of bread: bacon popcorn in a little brown paper bag. Genius! The three of us shared four dishes, which was one too many to get through, and we're not dieters. The portions were not that big, but they were a bit bigger than the tapas size our server suggested they were. (Not complaining, mind you.) First course: three juicy pulled-pork sliders with sriracha sauce and crunchy pickles that made me salivate before, during, and after consumption. Next: "crack and cheese," deep-fried gnocchi in a bechamel and bacon sauce. Glad I had help with this dish, because it's very rich and deliciously full of salt and fat. Our third tapas-size plate was a refreshing lobster salad with mixed greens and citrus in a clean vinaigrette. If you're ordering a lot of heavy stuff, I'd recommend mixing in a dish like this to cleanse your palate before moving on to the main event, which in our case was fried chicken served with ranch dressing. Putting this dish in league with fast-food chicken is just plain mean. I'm not trashing that kind of chicken; it just has nothing in common with Salt and Fat's. We ended up with one piece left over, and believe me, if I hadn't seen the dessert menu beforehand, that crispy, tender thigh would have been gobbled down. And that brings me to the finale. I didn't come all the way from Brooklyn to be taunted by a dessert menu, so the three of us shared the handsomely married lychee panna cotta and yuzu buttermilk sorbet, as well as the white-trashy but warm-and-chewy Rice Krispies treats and marshmallow ice cream. At the end of the meal, you get a tasty, shot-size bottle of probiotic yogurt to leave your stomach feeling new again. Kudos to chef Daniel Yi for opening a sophisticated neighborhood joint that, at least to me, did everything well. They don't serve alcoholic beverages yet, but that's OK; I was giddy just reading the menu. I will definitely make the interborough trip back for another round.
