RAMEN REVIEW Cost:  $7.81 (a convenient, even $8.50 after tax) Components: Pork, noodles, broth, scallions Size: About 1.5 pint Method: Takeout I don't know what I was expecting, but I did not really enjoy Kobeyashi's ramen.  The menu clearly states that this soup would contain "roast pork, scallion, ginger, nori, togarashi (pepper)".  The nori was mysteriously absent, I tasted (nor saw) any actual ginger, however I could pick out a delightful togarashi. I opened the to-go container and was met with a visual assault of a mesh of noodle cake.  I only waited about 5 or 10 minutes to eat after my remote buzzer buzzed and I picked up my to-go bag, so I was expecting noodles that held up a little better.  Nearby Kofoo rice bar serves their ramen with noodles on the side so that you can add them when you're ready to eat, a move which preserves the noodles quite nicely. Since we're on the noodles:  these obviously came straight out of a $0.29 package of instant Mariuchen or spicy Shin Ramyun, possibly purchased at a nearby bodega.  Nothing special.  Nothing good. The broth did have plenty of dimension.  It was like nearby Ajisen's broth but with more body.  Buttery, salty, fishy, spicy, porky.  Overall I was pleased but not impressed. The roast pork is a definite standout.  It fell apart when I attacked it with my chopsticks, which is a GREAT thing.  It was oh-so melt in my mouth tender and full of flavor. Skip this.  For the price, you should head over to Kofoo or Ajisen and get a much more satisfying, complex ramen.  Saying that Ajisen's soup is better isn't really saying much (because Ajisen is probably the worst of the worst), but Kofoo puts this to shame.  As a contradictory side note, I devoured it to the last drop.  Hey, I love my ramen!  I never leave a drop, even when I'm satisfying a craving at home with the instant stuff. I will not be going back for the ramen, but I think I'd like to try their beef udon.  I'm pretty sure the inclusion of a ramen on Kobeyaki's menu is really just obligatory, since the restaurant touts itself as "Japanese food in a fast casual environment."  It'd be hard to claim that without offering up a ramen, which is a fast food staple in Japan.
