6 stars please. Or 9 - one for each course in the tasting menu. Heck, make it an even 10. I have eaten here 3 times in the last month - only wish it could be 3 times a week. Still to do: try the brunch. I feel the same reluctance as the other reviewers in wanting to keep this place a secret. The only problem with that is it's too amazing not to share and in my delirium after finishing the tasting menu (with the wine pairings, of course ;) I promised to write a lengthy review here. It is thanks to Yelp I found Palo Santo. Meal #1 - The Tasting Menu (aka food porn) The first time walking in to Palo Santo I was struck by how lovely it is inside. Beautiful wood, warm and cozy, mosaic tile, etc. My friends and I were greeted by the host/manager/sommelier, Christopher, and seated at the counter facing the kitchen. He asked if we had any food allergies or general dislikes that should be taken into account. Not 2 minutes later we had glasses of sparkling wine in front of us and Christopher described the philosophy behind the food, wine list, regional influences, all that good stuff that sets the scene. The point of recounting all of this is that the tasting menu is a 'dining experience', not simply a meal. Give yourselves at least 2 hours. I suggest going early on a week night when it's quieter. The food and wine: Each course was fantastic and totally unique. We had to exercise serious restraint to keep from licking our plates, which became more difficult as the evening wore on, especially given the generous wine samplings. At the end of the evening when the chef (the beautiful and talented Jacques Gautier, our new hero) saw us counting on our fingers to see how many courses were left (2 to go) he handed us his scribbled list. Here's what we were treated to: Pumpkin Soup; Ceviche (red snapper); Bluefish tacos with fresh tortillas, daikon radish and guacamole; striped sea bass with grilled plantain; Asopado (clam and prawn and rice in an amazing broth - so good we were all sucking roe off the prawn shell); Conejo (rabbit in pumpkin seed sauce with a black bean and cornmeal tart); Duck breast and Fois Gras in pomegranate sauce (perfect. rare. rich. total food porn); Gravita (dragon fruit - kinda like sorbet); Pumpkin pie (with pine nuts and toasty cinnamon sticks). The wine pairings were well thought out and each course was described to us in detail as it was served. The service was impeccable. Meal #2 - Cure for a crappy day It was really late, cold and rainy, I wanted soup and a glass of wine to help erase a Worst Day Ever type of day. I walked in and the host remembered my name and that I had been there the week before for the tasting menu. These people are seriously good at their jobs. The soup was a big spicy yummy bowl of fish chowder. It made me happy. I also had a beet salad that was pretty dang perfect. Theeeen I was tempted by the dessert offerings and had what may be the best creme brulee yet. This was made in a shallow dish and infused with tamarind. OMG - food porn again. Bad day erased. Meal #3 - they have a prix fixe??!!! The prix fixe part is an aside but I was pleasantly surprised to find that Sun - Thurs you can choose 3 courses for only $25. This place keeps getting better! So this was my sister's last night in town and I had been dying to take her to my new/favorite place in the 'hood. We were seated in the back dining room, which is really cozy and beautiful. Fantastic service again and perfect food - love the wine list here too. Between the 3 of us we had: squid ceviche (impossibly delicate and spicy with corn on the cob and purple potatoes), conch chowder, seared ahi with daikon radish and pickles (house-cured. yum), pork chops with scalloped potatoes and greens, a risotto-like vegetarian dish with mushrooms and cheese that was better IMO than risotto, tamarind creme brulee and chocolate mousse. I'll be back...
