I have been meaning to write this review all week but as usual....life happens.  LOL! My husband and I put together a small group of our closest friends and traveled up the road to Luca's this past Saturday, February 18th.  We were celebrating two occasions, my birthday and a big announcement:  we are expecting our first child!  Needless to say, it was a special night for us.  Chef Andrea and his courteous staff could not have done more to make this a memorable evening! Let me start by saying that a couple of days prior to our dinner, I met with Chef and we discussed the appetizers for our group.  My suggestion is that if you have a party of 10 or more, definitely pre-order your appetizers.  Chef Andrea is all about delicious food AND proper presentation (important to this group of foodies, for sure).  He suggested what he thought would work best, keeping both taste and aesthetic in mind.  Trust me when I say, his suggestions were well received by all! Our group enjoyed ample, beautiful portions of Spiedini (lightly fried mozzarella in a bandy sauce), Fried Calamari (Chef fries each plate individually.  This makes a huge difference in the delicacy of the calamari), Fico In Camicia (figs with marscapone and pine nuts wrapped in prosciutto!) and my personal favorite, Burrata (fresh Italian cheese with prosciutto, candied pecans and mango).  Each appetizer was absolutely delicious and enticingly presented!  We only left over two figs out of 11-12 plates of food so I guess that speaks for itself! Everyone selected their entrees individually and there was a whole lot of sharing going on.  You always know when people are enjoying their meals when an otherwise talkative group settles down and all focus goes to their plates.  Just some of the gorgeous entrees our group enjoyed were Salmon Zafferano, Shrimp Nuovi, Pork Ossobuco, Angus Bistecca and Risotto.  All were equally delicious but I need to highlight what I feel is of utmost importance.  The salmon, steak and pork were COOKED TO PERFECTION!!!  The steak was rare (as per my friend's request), the pork succulent and the salmon tender and moist. We ended the evening with a shot of Limoncello (make mine seltzer), coffee and tasty desserts.  Particularly noteworthy is the fresh cannoli, which was my dessert of choice.  The orange zest and shaved chocolate was deliciously prominent in the creamy cheese filling.  Yum! The whole evening was terrific from start to finish.  Thank you again Luca's Ristorante!  We can't wait to come back again soon!
