I was super bummed to hear that Shinju Sushi had closed its doors, but then I was super excited to hear that it was reincarnated as Fat Salmon. The new digs alleviate Shinju's greatest shortcoming: That it was miserably cramped and small. This venue is much more open, and includes a couple of offset areas so larger parties can get a bit of privacy. I sat in one of these, under a strange metal awning, which was nice and cozy and afforded a level of intimacy unimaginable in the previous location. The main dining area are much more chic than Shinju's, with the main attraction being the textured West wall bathed in blue light. Unfortunately, Fat Salmon does retain one shortcoming of Shinju's: The service. There was a big fuss about how many glasses we needed and who was drinking what, and then the beer and wine glasses were the same. It also took forever for our rolls to arrive. Hopefully these are just some new location kinks that will be worked out soon enough. Even more unfortunately, it looks like Fat Salmon may be losing one of its greatest perks; that's right, there was a big orange "Notice of Public Hearing" sign in the window, meaning they are looking to get a liquor license. It would break my heart (and my wallet) if Fat Salmon ceased to be a BYOB. Finally, a note or two on the sushi. The rolls are quite creative, and the fish is quite fresh. There is very little to complain about here, except maybe that it seems like a ton of the rolls have eel sauce on them. I'm sure that same fact makes another customer very happy, though. BOTTOM LINE: Fat Salmon is the more comfortable and chic reincarnation of its predecessor, Shinju. It does away with one of Shinju's shortcomings (smallness) but retains another (service). However, the price can't be beat: I paid $21--tip included--for some edamame, one-and-a-half rolls, and an order of yellowtail nigiri. Plus $8 for the sixer of Coors Light* I picked up on the way. Overall, a highly recommended BYOB sushi bar. *PROTIP: If you are looking to get some beer on your way, skip Pac-A-Deli... They don't have any Asian beer, which is why I was stuck tapping the Rockies (not that that's a bad thing).
