I reserve five stars for very few restaurants, and while Alma de Cuba comes very close, there are a few reasons why I withhold that elusive fifth star.  But, lets start with the good, namely: OMG YUCCA FLOUR AND MANCHEGO DOUGHBALLS.  Little, toddler fist sized balls of undercooked dough, coated in cornflour, and  served before the meal with a pickled pepper dipping sauce,these were quite simply the most delicious bread product I have ever put in my mouth.  These were rapidly followed by the OMG SMOKED MARLIN TACOS.  Which were, probably the most delicious taco product I have ever put in my mouth.  Perfectly cooked, rich and smoky, and nestled in a malanga shell, these were delightful.  So, so far, Alma de Cuba is doing pretty good in the "best of" category. Things went a little downhill from there. The ceviche we had was pretty good, though a bit too citrusy for my tastes, and my main course, a coconut quinoa, was pleasant, although not amazing.  My appetizer, a verde empanada was also nice, but a bit greasy.  Deserts were a different story though, as both items that we had: the chocolate pot de creme special with salted caramel ice cream, and the tasty tasty banana semifreddo with toasted marshmallow smear, were fantastic. And overall, despite some slight misses, Alma gets major points for having strong vegetarian options despite representing a meat-centric cuisine. Another positive: the service was also excellent: our waitress was charming, friendly, and helpful. However, the main thing holding me back from giving it the five points were that the cocktails were pretty damn near terrible.  We had three: something with rum and vanilla (ok), a maraschino, chartreuse, and pineapple thing (blech), and an apple cider with absinthe (undrinkable).  And, at $13 a pop, they were painful not only to my tastebuds, but to my wallet as well. If in Philly for an extended time, I would definitely go back, though I wouldn't rush there, as I'm sure the Starr restaurant group has many other great venues to offer.
