One word for this place:  Overpriced. The staff is friendly enough.  We sat in the back so got to walk past the kitchen-- very clean and theres a chef's table available which i always find interesting. The menu is sort of nouveau tuscan.  Rustic, but simple and sophisticated presentation.  Quality ingredients.  But a closer look at the menu raises a red flag.  The only steak they offer is a rib eye?  Can't be good.  But ok, this isn't a steak house.  So whatevs.   When i ask the waitress what she recommends though, she starts to rave about the rib eye.  I'm tempted because it also has two words that will make me drool:  "bone marrow".  So ok, i order the ribeye.  I know this might be a mistake.  To start we have the artichoke and peekytoe crab salad.  I order a glass of white to match my crab.   The presentation is gorgeous.  The ingredients, gorgeous.  The taste is wonderful.  The portions for the peekytoe is fine for $16 but the artichoke salad is sort of a cruel joke.  Maybe 1/4 cup of salad.  For $16.  This place isn't THAT good (enough to justify that price, at least).  Halfway through my crab salad and 3 waiters later, i finally get my wine.  Its ok.  The waitress recommended it.   Our plates are cleared and we're ready for our entrees.  What seems like four hours later, we finally get them.  The rib eye.. doesn't look like rib eye.  Its beautiful but the portions do look kinda small again (two small pieces of rib eye, 1 small piece of braised short rib and dots of delicious bone marrow).  A few bites in and i realize the portion is ok.  I'm getting full.   The rib eye is rib eye.  Its not very tender, too fatty at some points and dry tasting in other points.  Its not as good as the waitress makes out.  The bone marrow is delicious (how can bone marrow NOT be delicious?) and so is the short rib.  It also came with a vegetable i have never heard of nor tasted: pickled crone.  (mmm yum pickled crone).  I can't even find a picture of it on the internet.  Not even wikipedia! We finish our entrees and what seems like another FOUR HOURS pass by until someone finally stops by to pick up our plates.  Have you noticed yet that the service here kinda sucks?   The desert menu looks uninspired.  Enough for us to skip it.   A restaurant that charges $36/entree $16/starts should be memorable and spectacular.  Hearth is neither.  Don't get me wrong-- its good-- but it doesn't live up to its prices.  What really gets me is the service.  For the price, the service should at least be impeccable.  Its not.  And with a million other dinner options in the city, this place doesn't give me a reason to come back. EDIT:  here they are!  C-r-o-S-n-e.   gourmetsleuth.com/crosne…
