Dude, this place is awesome. The food is slammin and it has a sweet Philly atmosphere. A friend of mine had been talking this place up for some time. The wife and I had considered going there once but decided against it b/c we saw there was no drinks (you know... Fridays). Anyhow, it turns that it is indeed a BYOB, so problem solved there. But really this place is good enough without the drinks. I highly recommend the beef tripe with hot chili oil. I've never had tripe before this, so I didn't really know what to expect but it tasted much better than what I expected from the wikipedia entry: "Tripe (from Italian trippa) is a type of edible offal from the stomachs of various farm animals." (Offal means entrail or internal organs). Also for appetizers the cold sesame noodles are pretty incredible. For a main course I had the pork dry pot which is basically like a really incredible stir fry dish. It is really spicy. Seriously, I consider myself someone who enjoys spicy food and this was pretty hot. One thing that is really great about this place is that they list a "spicy rating" (1 - 10) with each dish, so you know what you're getting into. The wife had something less spicy, tofu with long hot peppers (it sounds spicier than it was). It was nearly equally delicious. The other people with us were not as into the spicy-ness as we were and they got more mild dishes. They were impressed with the food nonetheless. One thing that I should mention is that, if you are in a hurry or you expect perfect service you might consider someplace else. It took us a while to get seated (even with a reservation), and the concept of splitting a check (even when we told them before ordering) seemed to be a challenge. None of this really bothered me however since the people that worked there are so genuinely nice. Really, the people that work there are incredibly nice and I think that whatever issues they had were due to the fact that they only opened recently and they just had a review published in the Inquirer. Summary: This place is good. It is way better than pretty much any other Chinese restaurant that I've tried in Philly. The service is a little chaotic, but the people are nice.
