So this place isn't really much of a secret anymore (it's even in a rap song, referred to as "John's in South Philly"), I guess I can throw in my 2 cents now. First of all, it is small. VERY small. The grill and food prep area takes up at least half the cinder-block shack. The other half is where everyone waits to order. On-premises eating area is entirely outside, with half the tables under a roof. Secondly, it can be chaotic. Depending on what you want, you may need to order from different people at different places. You don't have to give your order in some secret language like the asshats at Pat's and Geno's may ask, but you will need to pay attention to what's going on so you don't hold things up. Third, John's cash only. I add points for this because people who use cards for anything under $10 annoy the piss out of me. Fourth, John's has very limited hours, usually 9am-4pm or so. Saturdays only during the summer, closed on weekends for the winter. No dinner service. I always take this as a good sign: if a place doesn't need to be open all the time to maintain a steady customer base, they must be doing something right. Regarding the food, John's has some of the best hot Philly-style sandwiches in the city. The roast pork is strong with garlic, rich and moist, best served with the sharp provolone and spinach. The cheese steak is hearty but not greasy at all; my favorite the pizza steak with onions, mozzarella, and sauce. They slice their steak daily from fresh rib-eye, resulting in a succulent and tender steak. Definitely among the top 3 in the city, and much better than any cheese steak shop that has bright lights, neon signs, or must include the word "Famous" in their name in order to get people to eat there. Bottom line, at John's they know how to work the grill. My recommendation? Go there with a couple friends and get a few different sandwiches and a couple of Tastykakes. Sit outside at the picnic table across the street from a run down chemical plant, cut up the sandwiches to share, and then finish the meal with your Butterscotch Krimpets and Kandy Kakes. You can't get much more Philly than that.
