I should've listened to Yelpers. Having read the reviews, I knew I'd be in for a long wait at this place, but I didn't really understand what a mess Brooklyn Crab would be. My friends and I got to the restaurant at 7:30 p.m. We were told that the hostess wouldn't be taking names for a waiting list until 9 pm but that we could stick around and drink until then. We sat down at one of the many empty tables and had some Pacificos and lemonade, enjoying the kitschy beach decor. We wondered what would happen at 9 pm, since we saw so many other people waiting to put their own names down. Wouldn't there be a huge rush to get to the hostess? We asked the staff, but they said they had no system and would just reward the people that had been waiting the longest. One aggressive man who'd been waiting for an hour got his name on some sort of pre-list, so my boyfriend and I decided to stand near the hostess and attempt the same. A huge line formed behind us. At 9 pm, some other hostess we'd never seen before came out and informed us that we all had to go downstairs to line up again and get on some second list. When I pointed out that this rewarded the people all the way at the back of the line, who were closest to the stairs, instead of the people who had been waiting for hours, she looked at me like I was the biggest whiny bitch in the world. Sorry, lady, but you need to have a system in place for this. I saw what the situation would be an hour and a half before it happened, but you couldn't think of a solution by 9 pm? How on earth do you have a job? The woman told us that we could stay upstairs and give our names to yet another hostess, which we tried to do, but the hostess wrote down the first two letters of my boyfriend's name and then wandered away to look at a wall (?) or something. We were beyond confused and wound up having to wait and explain the situation to yet another hostess, who finally seated us. Our surly waiter finally brought us our order of fried oysters (4 for $14??), a flat and overcooked crab cake, blue crabs smothered in Old Bay, overly sweet coleslaw, and some very decent snow crab legs and mac and cheese. NOT WORTH IT. I'd happily wait an hour and a half with crisp beer and a nice view for accomodating service and good food, but the staff treated us like we were about to argue with or attack them at every minute. Hey, Brooklyn Crab, you wouldn't have to be so defensive if you could just FIGURE OUT HOW TO MAKE SURE PEOPLE PATIENTLY AND UNCOMPLAININGLY WAITING FOR FOOD DON'T GET SHAFTED AFTER TWO HOURS in favor of some other people who just wandered in. And fix that nasty crab cake. Jeez.
