If your definition of fine dining is fantastic, inventive, and playful food that effortlessly bridges cultures, then this is a wonderful place for you.  If your idea of service is "hospitality" i.e.  the friendly and generous reception and entertainment of guests, visitors, or strangers, then this is a great place for you (but be aware it is tiny, i.e., imagine small, half it, and your getting close).   Foodwise.  Dishes are small plates.   We tried: 1.  Skate crusted with chick pea flour topped with some greens, with green mint chutney sauce.  Parts of this were reminiscent of English Fish and Chips, but made with graham flour instead of a British standard batter.  Very nice, but not the nicest of the night. 2.  Chick pea crusted dumplings (steamed but not fried potstickers) crusted with sev (fried graham flour "noodles") and laced with a delightful tomato dressing.  In my wildest dreams, I could never have dreamed of pairing dumplings, sev, and a tomato dressing.  But it worked incredibly well.  The acid and sweetness of the tomato created a marriage out of seemingly completely irreconcilable tastes.   3.  Pork buns with an apricot chutney.  The apricot chutney's sweetness set off the buns very nicely.  I do not normally eat pork but we ordered them for the kids (more on that as well later). 4.  Chicken flatbread made with a tandoori style chicken.  This was served with a "raita" like sauce with cucumber and yogurt and onion seeds etc.  The flatbread on its own was very nice, but it was the complement of the raita that made it "pop".  As with many of Chef Mehta's dishes, the accompanying sauce is not just color for the plate, it is what melds the tastes together or what provides the right contrast in order to make the flavors in the food really stand out (he is not alone in this but he is very effective, which is not true of everyone). 5.  Green mango paneer.  This is a really simple dish that I totally plan to try and copy at home.  Essentially this is a combination of Paneer and green mango Chutney (the kind that Indian people eat not the sweet stuff that Europeans use).  The main difference is that here the chutney and the paneer are indelibly fused as opposed to side by side.  I would say that what really makes this dish is not just the green mango flavor and spices, but the fact that the paneer is light and airy (not words one uses with paneer) instead of the usual dense and opaque.   6.  Green Chili shrimp.  The shrimp is slightly spicy and served on a bed of sprouts as both a coolant and a crunch.  The sprouts are laced with an acid, a bit of sweet, and some daikon which really creates a nice set off for the shrimp. 7.  Graffiti burgers.  We ordered these for my children.  I did not eat them.  The order is served with two "slider size" burgers.  Neither I not my wife eat beef, so I can not comment but my kids did consume them quite happily.  They are served with ketchup and a spicy aioli. 8.  Seared pickled sea scallops.  These were superb.  I loved the way that the scallops had been sliced to create half a dozen "coins" per scallop.   This allowed for more surface area for the flavors from the kitchen's sauces to stick to the scallops.  This was served with "naan crostini" (my description of it not theirs).  A quick swipe of the scallop through the thin line of sweet chili sauce made it more delicious. 9.  We ordered three desserts.  a.  Coconut macaroons with dulce de leche.  These were good and certainly on par with good desserts anywhere.  b.  A chocolate cupcake with chocolate "caviar" and hazelnut chocolate ice cream.  Also very good, but everything was muted next to...  c.  ...the best thing I have eaten in years, if not ever....the warm truffle almond strawberries with ice cream.  This is absolutely un believeable (if truffle turns you off, well...try one of the two above).  If the truffle and almond flavors and the sweetness of the light serving of syrup and the strawberries wasn't enough, he puts in on a pepper infused ice cream.  If it sounds crazy, it is--crazily amazingly good. On top of all of this, the service is really very lovely.  Both the Chef and his wife (not sure if wife...have read as much in other posts), are absolutely gracious and wonderful hosts.  You feel as if they have invited you to their home.  We came with our two children 3.5, and 7.5.  We were taking a chance esp. since seating is often communal.  They are pretty good kids so it wasn't rolling dice, but....  We were never made to feel that the kids were a burden, the Chef and his wife went out of their way to make them feel at home.  We also witnessed the Chef's grace under fire even as he dealt quite serenely with a truly boorish woman customer and her party.   I look forward to Chef Mehta opening a bigger place, not because I didn't like the current, but because it would be nice for him to be able to have more guests at a time and open up a few more customers eyes and taste-buds.
