This was our last try here, the previous two times were not stellar, but just a series of small mistakes this time was an exercise in how to close your restaurant. We were seated quickly and given freshly burned bread-yes, burned.  We were hungry enough that we nibbled on it while we waited for our server, and waited and waited.  It was about 6 on a Thursday, the restaurant was about 25% full, yet we waited.  A man-not our server, stopped by, took our drink order and brought us unburnt bread. When our server arrived I asked what was in the seafood stuffed mushrooms-she replied "seafood".  I tried them anyway-the stuffing was gluey with an occasional bit of shrimp.  M got bruschetta which was a fresh tomato topping on thick, soft, slices of cold bread with grill marks.  He ate it without comment. When our salads arrived they were mostly lettuce with something I've never seen before, grape tomatos sliced with wise so you get nubs-I got 2 blanketed with a thick, garlicky dressing that we were told was Italian.  It was inedible so neither of us ate it. For entrees M choose his usual veal parm, I selected spinach manicotti from the specials menu anticipating tubes of pasta filled with spinach and cheesy goodness.  I was sadly mistaken.  Our server swept by, dropped our plates and moved on.   My plate held long pasta crepes, not tubes, that appeared fresh, filled with ricotta.  The ends were hard and the spinach wasn't in the filling, it was a few shreds of frozen, not fresh, spinach on top of the pasta.  The entire plate was covered in a thick layer of barely melted, tasteless cheese.  The sauce was just like mine-before I season or cook it.  The sauce separated into a puddle of juice on one side of the plate and crushed tomatos on the other.  No seasoning, no flavor.  I peeled back the cheese and sampled the crepes-the pasta was good, the filling was ricotta out of the container, no flavor at all. Our waitress clearly knew what she had served-she asked how it was as she passed our table without pausing for our answer.  I left the whole plate and she didn't ask if I wanted to take it home-she already knew the answer.  I paid and left, it wasn't worth telling them what I felt they already knew.  There was a young couple sitting near us, I saw the woman take a bite of her food and make a face-she left most of her dish untouched.  I paid $63 and I was glad to leave. It wasn't until we were on the road that M told me his veal was burned.  Had I know that I would have spoken up-Sub standard, poorly prepared food using run of the mill ingredients.  There was no excuse for the skimpy salad, frozen spinach and burnt food.  What chef sends burnt food to his customers?  Perhaps they should add that garlic dressing to their sauce, it couldn't hurt.
