So my experience at Casa Mono was interesting.  A friend and I wanted to meet up for dinner and she suggested this restaurant.  We had reservations for 6pm but with rush hour and the craziness of the city we got there at 6:15.  We apologized and the hostess said that we could sit at our table but there was a reservation at 7:45 so we would have to leave by then or we could sit at the bar.  We thought that one hour and a half would be plenty of time.  Now we thought it was weird with the reservation issue because we had never heard of that but we let it go. So we get seated and start glancing over the wine list and the dinner menu.  The wines are all from Spain so we had difficulty figuring out what wine to go with.  The waiter recommended a white wine (which I wished that I had written down the name cause it was DELICIOUS).  He was kind of enough to bring us a closed  bottle to try the wine, and then decide if we liked it and if we didn't that would be fine.  But like I said first sip of the wine and I was sold.   So for dinner we decided to go with the following: Pumpkin and Goat Cheese Croquetas:  Absolutely LOVED!!  It was a taste of fall in my mouth.  The combination of the pumpkin and the goat cheese was divine. Soft Shell Crab with Bacon Alioli and Green Tomatoes:  I wasn't sure about this one.  But it was recommended by the waiter so we went with it.  Again it was absolutely amazing.  The crab had kind of a smokey bbq flavor to it.  I was sharing it with my friend and I felt terrible that I took a huge piece but it was oh so worth it. Fideos with Chorizo and Clams:  LOVED, LOVED, LOVED!!!!  That's all I can say.  The crispy noodles with the clams and chorizo was just absolutely amazing.  The flavors all married each other in a way that you could not stop eating it. Fluke Crudo with Spicy Gazpacho Salad and Cucumber Espuma:  A tasty dish but nothing that spectacular that had my taste buds bouncing off the walls. So overall I would've given this restaurant a five star if it wasn't with what happened next..... At the end of dinner the waiter asked if we wanted to see the dessert menu.  I looked at the time it was 7:50 and I no one said anything so I figured it would be ok just to look.  He walked away and then came back with no menu.  He apologized but the manager said that there was another reservation and that he could not show us the dessert menu.  We could've gone next door to look at the dessert menu but at this point I was just in a state of shock that I could not hear anything else.  I mean I get there is another reservation but I am also paying to be there.  The check was over $140.  I just felt like I was treated like a non-paying customer and was getting kicked out of a restaurant for doing something that I didn't even do.  I have never had the experience of actually getting kicked out and I was paying to be there.  I was really embarrassed where you actually felt like other tables were staring at you like you did something awfully wrong.  I've gone to restaurants where I've made reservations and still had to wait 30 to 45 minutes for my table cause the other people hadn't left yet.  I'm sorry but I am a paying customer and to be treated like nobody was really embarrassing.   The food was great but the way we were treated and embarrassed I don't know if I'll be running back any time soon.  Maybe I shouldn't make a reservation next time and then I can wait an hour or more for a table but then no one will kick me out.  Who knows how the system works.  But it was very disappointing after such a great meal.  It ruined the whole experience.
