I am giving Landmarc a 4 star rating simply because I cannot give them 3 1/2 stars on Yelp... And that is not a slight to the restaurant at all, I had a wonderful time and some very good food. However I did not leave with any tastes resonating and a feeling that I must return. It was simply a good, and not a great meal. To be honest, I expected it to be great - especially since Marc Murphy was sitting directly adjacent to us. The Tribeca location is very comfortable and has an amazing, quaint vibe to it. Since it was for my fiance's bday we ordered a nice bottle of Cabernet from their extensive (impressive) wine list. It was a wonderful Napa wine with incredible flavors, and all for a very reasonable price. For an appetizer we ordered the mozzarella & zucchini fritters. They were good, but nothing spectacular - actually I could probably make them myself. For dinner I ordered the pork chop, which was cooked perfectly, and was a great cut of meat. I've had better.. My fiance ordered the crispy chicken with squash.. I know, I know, ordering chicken is a sin when fine dining, but the waitress told us it was great so she went with it. It really was delicious, and cooked very well. The items paired with the dish may have been even better than the bird itself. As a side we ordered the brussel sprouts with bacon. This I was a little disappointed at. The flavor was nice, but they were a bit drive, and they were served in a deep ramekin which made it hard to scoop the goodness out. The nicest part of the meal (not the best, but the nicest) is that they brought out a dessert assortment on the house for her bday. It came with a cobbler, tart, flan, moose, and the biggest piece of cotton candy I've seen in my life! It was very nice of them to do this and the presentation was beautiful. Unfortunately none of them were really that great. As I said above, it is a GOOD restaurant, but it is not GREAT by any means. Maybe it's because I expected more, but who knows. Give it a try, you'll def enjoy the atmosphere and the food, but it won't leave you talking about it days, weeks, or months later.
