The food was awesome here. I found it local through a Groupon they just ran which was a great deal too. The problem was the service, it SUCKED. I would have given it 4 stars on food alone, but the 2 star dinner service brought it down. Started waiting at the bar which is a nice atmosphere, classy, bright, TVs. Bartender was good and I noticed they have some really good happy hour specials every day (I believe even on weekends too). When we were ready to be seated, we sat at a nice sized table (I was glad because I hate when you sit at small tables and try to eat big meals). The waitress was friendly, personable, and explained the menu to us very well. The only problem is that we waited for ever for our drinks, had to ask the waitress twice and finally the hostess/owner when she came by to get the water, and drinks took a long time to come out. The food came out fine and was delicious, but they only brought a tiny bit of sauce and we had to ask (and wait) for more sauce to be brought. Suggestion for owner: I lived in NC for several years and they way it's done at most places I've gone too is to have squirt bottles of sauce right at the table for everyone to just help themselves. It avoids any delay in having a waitress bring sauce and people can just help themselves without waiting. I think the waitress was either distracted (because she seemed to disappear for a while), had an off night, and/or too many tables to wait on. I had the chopped pork which was lean and had a good dry rub on it. All their items are cooked with dry rub and they bring the sauces on the side so you can put a little or a lot on yourself as you eat (it's actually a great idea). Others at our table had the ribs which were told to be excellent, not fatty, and tender. Someone had the pot pie which he said was great (after we made fun of him for ordering a pot pie at a bbq place). Someone on the next table got the short rib which was enormous so that is a definite to try next time too. The food, atmosphere, and attitude of this place was so great, I would definitely give this place another try. The owner said they just opened up earlier this year and it seems like a gold mine since there is no other good BBQ places in the area that many people know of. They were also advertising football specials which may be the call during football season to watch some games.
