So after many friends have told me that El Vez is the place to go for some great "New Mexican" food, I decided to take my GF there after a day walking around Philly. I was excited because all I heard about El Vez was that is a swanky place with refreshing takes of classical Mexican food, a hip atmosphere and... a photo booth that you can use to remember your experience. Anyway, we arrived an hour earlier than our reservation so we had to sit at the bar for about 10 minutes. During that time, I was able to take a look at the décor... it was pretty hip. It was very refreshing and got me even more excited to enjoy a great meal. My GF got a Margareta and I got the Sangria. Both drinks were made well(and for $20 they should be!!!!). Anyway, we were seated and here's where it went downhill... First, we were seated next to a group of 10 people that were incredibly loud... to the point where they were all yelling at each other to talk. As a result, I had to yell to my GF to even be heard and vice-versa. That comes with the territory so we accepted it. My GF turned to me and asked, "baby, do you want to order the Guacamole?". Everyone had been talking about this Guacamole like it was the best thing on earth. I said, "sure... let's go for it...". Then she said, "$15 for Guacamole!!! That's ridiculous." I insisted that it was fine, but then she said, "Listen, we go out to nice places all of the time and get to eat some great food, but paying $15 for a bowl of Guacamole is just plain absurd... I mean, it's Guacamole!!!!". I thought about it for a while and agreed with her so we passed on it. Then we had our meals. She got the chicken tacos and I got the Carne Asada. She absolutely loved her dish. I thought it looked pretentious. It was 3 mini soft tacos on a long-thin plate. My dish was absolutely the worst dish I have had in quite some time. In a nutshell, the texture was great, but it was seasoned with the most salt I have ever had on a dish. I have never sent anything back to the kitchen, but I came close. I couldn't even finish it(even though I was starving). I heard good things about the food at this restaurant and I don't know if I came on a bad night, but the meal was almost inedible... yeah, it was that bad. I may try the restaurant again, again, the atmosphere was great and the service was great. The food, however, not so much. I've had better luck at TGI Fridays. I expected a bit more excellence from a Stephen Starr restaurant.
