I really enjoy their food, but this TGIF, like all the others I have been to over the years, seems to suffer from lack of quality service.  In fact, my wife will generally refuse to go here because of that.  This time I convinced her because a client gave me a gift card.  Plus I received a coupon in the mail with several offers including either 20% off or a free entrée.   So, we arrive and the hostess tells us it will be about 5 minutes.  I ask if she wants my name and she said not to worry as she can recognize us.  There may have been one other couple waiting.  I'll say yes to that and give them the benefit of the doubt.  We sit and after about 5 minutes, I look up and that hostess is no longer there but all of a sudden a few different groups are coming in and asking for tables.  The "new" host came over to us and asks if we were waiting and if so, needs our name.  I told him what happened with the prior hostess and he said nothing.  Now I am wondering if we will ever get seated.  We did get seated shortly thereafter but did I need this extra stress?  Really?   Communication skills people!!! We are seated and given the menus.  There are a lot of drink options and most of them don't have prices.  I don't like that.  I must have sounded like a real cheapskate asking the prices of various drinks.  More to come on this later. Our server was good and so was the food.  I had a Yucatan Chicken Salad and my wife had a Cobb Salad.  We also had the Pretzel and Cheese appetizer.  No complaints at all about the food or the drinks. Time to pay.  I ask for the check and give him the coupon card and also tell him I have a $25 gift card.  No problem with that and he takes free entrée off as it was a bigger discount than the 20%.  Brings the check and stands there waiting for me to pay.  I told him I am not ready to pay and he left.  What was with that?  Was he afraid I had never been to a restaurant before and would screw up the tip because of the discount?  I guess me asking for the drink prices must have scared him into thinking I was a penny pitcher.  I actually left  a generous tip, not so much that I was thrilled with everything, but that the meal didn't cost me much due to the discount and the gift card. The next day I realize he never gave me back my discount card that still had 2 more uses in it for the next 20 days or so.  At first I was annoyed then realized there is no way I am gong back, at least for anytime soon.     If anyone is planning on giving me a gift card, make it for Houlihans or Cheesecake Factory.  I can do without TGI Fridays.
