Wednesday night in Hartford, post rush hour, I picked up Red from the airport and we headed for some food closeby. I remembered having a good experience here a few years back and we set out for some delicious food. We were both tired and very hungry. When we arrived they asked us if we wouldn't mind waiting about 15 minutes for a table to open up. Mind you, there were tables available, just not a two seater. But, I get it. I've played diner dash before and I can appreciate you trying to make your job easier. OK, we'll wait. But it was easily a half hour before we were seated. Hmph. Luckily we looked at menus as we were waiting and as soon as we were seated, we knew what we wanted. Started out with the empanada sampler appetizer. Then, red had the porto-pollo wrap while I tried the chicken chimichanga. Our waitress served us waters and chips with salsa immediately. Such yummy salsa! With just the right balance of heat and spice in it. Empanadas came out pretty quickly. The veggie/cheese one was very good while the other two tasted the same and were just ok(wasn't one supposed to be pork?). The flakey crusts were awesome. Then another 15 minute in between wait for the food. Red's dish was good, a nice light and fresh taste... while mine was... eh. The chicken was both white and dark meat, which I wish I would have known. I just don't like dark meat. Red liked hers, but wasn't impressed. We each ate about half our dishes because we wanted to save room for desert - churros! So we put down our utensils and waited. And waited... And took some pictures... And waited... And went to the bathrooms (which were very lovely)... And waited... And started to yelp... And waited... Did I mention the skank parade? Oh right... during the midst of us eating our entrees, a birthday party (?) of college girls came through in their club wear. I know that a table full of girls who are going to get annihilated on tequila shots trumps a table of two... but this was down right ridiculous. Our waitress had to PASS BY OUR TABLE to get to and from the party girls'. All we needed was a "you guys ok?" "need boxes?". We're relatively low maintenance and can be quelled with a little customer servicing. No such animal here. And 20 minutes (no joke) after we were FINISHED eating the waitress comes by to ask if were were done and wanted boxes. Red had to spin around in her seat and call after the waitress to let her know that we still wanted churros. The churros were pretty good... especially with the dulce de leche sauce (which I could have made in the time we were waiting)... but they had a weird jam filling... which wasn't bad so much as just an odd choice. I think a creamier filling would have been a better compliment. And then we waited for the check... etc etc etc.... They did take 10% off our bill for "checking in" on yelp... but in doing so they took my phone away from me and into the kitchen... which gave me heart palpitations. I don't even like it when Red holds it... The food was just ok, the service was downright BAD. The bathroom was very nice. Self forfilling prophecy: That table of two won't tip me as well as that table of eight girls looking to get drunk, so I'll just ignore the table of two... And hence, yes, you got tipped very poorly. This is not a reflection of us as tippers, but upon YOU and the service you provided us.
