I ate here almost a month ago and I am still talking about it.  My group of six ordered the bo ssam which is a whole pork butt, a dozen oysters, kimchi, lettuce and rice, but I will get to it later.  We ordered lots of deliciousness off of this vast menu. Our appetizer order was expansive.   We had the royal miyagi oysters with lady apple, lime and chili from the raw bar.  They were excellent, with a clean ocean taste.    The seasonal pickles ranged in a variety of vegetables.  My favorite was the pickled celery.  The pickles were a perfect match to the lardo.  The lardo came on their version of bread and butter.  Yum!  My favorite appetizer had to be the steamed pork buns.  The bun was perfectly sticky and airy all at the same time, and the pork was a little taste of what was to come. An order of burger's orzak ham was perfectly smoky but the icing on the cake of that dish was the red eye gravy that it came with.  It tasted interestingly enough like a smoky piece of bit of honey candy. I found myself holding on to it even when the rest of the plates were cleared. We also had two small plates, because there was not enough food.  The market greens for that day was swiss chard in the xo sauce.  Greenery is also good with that much pork.  My favorite dish of the day was the spicy pork sausage & rice cakes.  The dish also included chinese broccoli, sichuan peppercorn, and crispy shallots.  The sausage was spicy which was the perfect complement to the bitter chinese broccoli.  The best part of that dish was the chewy rice cakes.  They are chewy and delicate, the most perfect rice cake I have ever eaten. And now to the main event.  Bo saam, requires 6-10 people and there are specific reservation times available.  It is price fixed at $200.  The Niman ranch pork shoulder is slow roasted with a crust of brown sugar and kosher salt.  It arrives beautifully brown and steaming hot.  You can pull the bone right out very easily.  The traditional way to eat this dish is by taking a lettuce leaf and filling it with a oyster, rice, some pork and the sauces.  I cannot describe the cacophony of flavors all wrapped into each messy bite.  You will dig in and it this pig like a pig. Anything you don't finish will be packed up.  I mean everything.  All the sauces and rice included.  I will definitely return again to taste the other dishes I do not try.
