So I lost a bet with my roommate and agreed to take her out to a nice tapas dinner. I had already gone to most of the more popular tapas spots in the city, but Tia Pol was one that I had been meaning to check out for a while. The stars kind of aligned one morning when Gilt City offered a dinner-for-2 deal at Tia Pol that included a 5 course tasting with wine pairings for each dish (only about $80!) The restaurant was pretty full when we arrived on a Saturday at 8PM but there seemed to be a steady flow of people coming and going so we were seated almost immediately. Not sure if I was a huge fan of the seating - the entire place is essentially a narrow stretch of corridor from the entrance/bar area to the very back, where it opens up into a small party seating area. Purely a date locale, with the exception of that back room. We sat along the wall on high stools next to some charming heat pipes and began to look at our prix-fixe menu. We got: - Blistered green peppers with sea salt (2 stars - good at first but too salty and spicy all at once...luckily we had champagne to put out the fire) - Lamb skewers with moorish spices (4.5 stars - great flavor and consistency) - Chicken liver mousse with pedro ximenez (5 stars SO RICH AND CREAMY) - Crispy marinated fish with lemon (4.5 stars very tender) - Shrimp in olive oil with garlic and chili (4.5 stars) All the wine pairings were very good - I especially liked the pinot noir and the almond sherry for dessert. Also really liked this drink they had that was a mix of beer and 7-up - forgot the name of it, but it was a welcome respite amidst the heady grapes of wrath theme we had going on.   They also surprised us with an extra plate of patatas bravas and a dessert to share at the end, which made the value of this dinner even more of an incredible steal. I think the best part of the experience was the service - the servers actually explained how each dish was prepared and how the dish is typically prepared in Spain. Giving us a run down of each dish and each drink put a story behind everything which was very enjoyable. Definitely have to come back to take advantage of the whole menu.
