I very much appreciate the perks of New York City and their wonderful marketing technique of RESTAURANT WEEK! Or should I say Restaurant WeekSSSSSSS! Anyway, me and my friends planned to go here for our first restaurant week trip! It was a group of 7 of us and we were treated well! The service was amazing. Our waitress offered to explain everything on the menu and answer whatever questions we had! She also recommended a great wine for the table as well! The place was huge! Two stories I believe and the bathrooms were fancy. Just had to point that out. Ha! I loved the atmosphere. We were able to choose TWO appetizers EACH to start off with. I went with the hummus and the tuna belly. The hummas was good, but the pita bread didn't refull fast enough for me to eat a lot of it. I could have passed on it. The tuna belly was AMAZING. It was cooked to perfected and tasted delicious. It came with three fairly large pieces! So good! I also tried my friends egg plant and falafal. They were both tasty as well. The shrimp and tomato was good too! It wasn't as spicy as the waitress described it to be. Moving on to the main course. I ordered the fried skate while everyone else ordered the grilled chicken. I enjoyed my skate very much. It was the first time eating skate. The texture was odd. Skate isn't really fish. It's more like a "ray" so the texture was a mixture of fish and stringy chicken. Don't let my description turn you off though. The dish was very good. It came with a side of veggies and a puree of lentils. Yum! I enjoyed it very much. I also tried my friend's chicken. That was good as well. But I liked my skate better! =] For dessert mostly everyone got the candy bar. Some got ice cream. The ice cream was very..  flowerly. I didn't like that. I like to smell flowers, not eat or taste them. The candy bar was super sweet, but I loved it all the same. I have a sweet tooth! The experience was great and very enjoyable! Would I come here if it wasn't for restaurant week? Not really. The prices are too much for a college student. But I recommend this place is you're looking for exotic cuisine and can afford it!
