This review is purely on the service. I have been a customer at Ootoya since they first opened in NYC. I have always enjoyed the food and service there..Well not until today. I went for lunch today and ordered Shima Hokke which was grilled fish...20 minutes passed and there was still no sign of my food. The two ladies who were sitting besides me and came after me received their food not more than 15 minutes. That prompted me to ask the server to check on my food. The server said it is now being on the grill...Ok does it take 20 minutes for the fish to be grilled? If the restaurant was very busy, i'd totally understand. However, I was there two days ago and ordered grilled mackerel, the food was served to me within 10 minutes of ordering and it was much busier that day. The server kept apologizing and offered not to charge me on my iced tea and offered to give me free desserts. I told him, I have no time for desserts. After 30 minutes, my food came. I finished my lunch and asked for the bill. What they only did was not charging my iced tea which was like $3-4?!?!? I found it very insulting that they did that considering I've been their loyal customer and always recommended their restaurant to people I know. I called back and asked to speak with the manager. The first time I was being put on hold and then it was cut off. I called again and overheard the guy who answered my phone said something like "some lady called". I got to talk to some guy who said he is a manager which I kinda doubt because he sounded like the guy who served me. He kept saying the same thing and said they have never given customers the discount since they have been opened. In return, he also asked me which percentage of discount do I think it will make me happy? Haa...you asked me before you decided to show me your responsibility and that you value your customer. In addition to asking that, you didn't really take action to do anything. I am very disappointed and thus I don't think I will go back again...Bye Bye Bye
