Not sure what all the hype is about.  Yes this place and Pat's got their fame from tv shows and famous celebrities, but famous for their food?....not so much.  Geno's seems to get their fame and business from tourism.  I was pretty eager to try out an authentic Philly Cheeseteak to see how it matches up with the one local to me back in Cali.  First off, the line was wrapped around the block, but the best part was the the line moved very quickly.  You get to the window and blurt out your sandwich order and pay 10 bucks to the lady.  The sandwich came in 3 minutes, then if you want a drink you have to move down to the next window to order the rest of your meal. (fries and a soda)       Ready to eat my sandwich, I unwrap it and it literally looked like a pile of microwaved meat stuck in an an ordinary roll.  The bread was tough and chewy inside and out without a hint of toasting or crisp on the outside.  Meat was pretty bland and was in small pieces like getting the last of a bag of chips.  The only thing I could really taste was the provolone cheese.   In short, tasted like a microwaved frozen sandwich.  Also got a LARGE soda, which was about 12 oz or so.  I know we americans are overweight, but a Large is a large..and it should be about 20 oz-24 oz minumum esp if you're paying top prices.     Lastly, also had an order of fries for 4 dollars!! yes $$$$4 DOLLARS!!! Fries are served in a paper cup and look like seasoned fries but aren't so it makes me wonder what kind of oil they use.  Ate the first fry and I immediately had that nasty oil/film coating left in my mouth.  Felt like plastic melting in my mouth,    A complete tasteless meal for 16 bux, now you know how these guys stay in business with all their shiny lights at night.  Someone has to pay for the electric bill.   Don't recommend this place as its a novelty but they will get their share of tourists and i was def one to fall for the tourist trap.   Oh and remember, according to the sign in front, if you don't speak Engrish, then don't bother cuz you're not welcome.
