already looking forward to my next visit to market table! my best friend and i dined here last night and we had such a superb meal. EVERYTHING we ate was divine. first off, i must say that the market table staff are quite pleasant and friendly. i called to change my reservation number from 3 to 4 and it was not a problem. it also ended up just being a party of 2, but they were flexible and had no problem seating my friend even before my late arrival (oops). my bestie ordered the butternut squash soup as an appetizer. she offered a bite and wow - amazing. in that moment, i had wished i ordered the soup as well. i waited patiently, however, for my apple jack braised pork shoulder with antebellum grits, roasted roots, and some other stuff that sounded fancy but, as confirmed by the server, were vegetables. for her entree, my bestie ordered a made to order pasta and veggies dish. we were blown away by our meals. my pork shoulder was ridiculously tender and it hardly took much for me to tear it apart and eat it - so so incredibly yummy. the pork was my favorite and the grits also blew me away. nice and creamy with a little bit of, hah, grit - not too too creamy like some grits can be. i enjoyed the vegetables and the roasted roots as well, but the pork and grits were the stars of my platter. we ended the meal with apple pie that came with sour cream ice cream. the pie was perfect - not too sweet and incredibly fresh. simple and not complicated. the sour cream was a perfect flavor as well - cool and refreshing with just enough kick of the sour cream flavor. we inhaled it all. we inhaled our whole meal, actually. can't think of any other recent meal that has pleased my best friend and i as much. we are SUCH foodies and have pretty high standards. though, we also dabble in hole-in-the-wall eateries, too. much can be overlooked in this city if you judge restos on appearance alone. and we don't judge. i can't wait to go back to market table. maybe for a nice brunch or another lovely dinner. and one more thing - the dining room is lovely. not too packed. just enough room - and the windows open up the space in such a gorgeous way, letting in the street light to add to the candlelit tables. perfection.
