Grrrrr... it irks me to give four stars. I'd kind of like to give less. That is how much I disliked my server, her style, and her attitude from start to finish. However, admittedly, I can't deny that I did really enjoy my dinner at Osteria. It was good, parts of it were actually great... but, jesus that server! Talk about rude. The management would, or should, be ashamed of her lack of helpfulness and attention. But, here I am giving four stars, so, shame on me? Probably. I don't know if I'd ever go back with a large group again, they seemed a bit inept at how to handle us. I had requested from our server to speak to chef about doing a more 'freeform' dinner with us... we were a group of 10 and wanted to pretty much try everything on the menu, family style. We didn't want to be confined to just an app and an entree per person, so, essentially, just keep sending courses of food... we'll share it, and then you bring more... and more! So, basically, you bring us an obscene amount of food, and charge us for it all and take the heavy lifting off of me (the host) to order for our group of ten. You get a huge payout and we are satisfied. Cool? No. Oh, no? Just a flat out no from the server. And no's kept coming. Help with the wine? No, you're busy with another table. Suggestions of favorite dishes? No, everything is good. Ok. I'm totally on an island here. At this point I requested to speak to a manager who was more than obliging to get our family style shindig going. And help with the wine. And smile at us. Eureka! Once the food started rolling it, it was ambrosial. Gorgeous cheese plates, ample charcuterie, rustic platters of vegetables and salads, bowls of beautiful pasta, perfectly charred pizzas, stunningly pink sirloin and expertly prepared fish dishes. Not a miss in the bunch. We are all happy like pigs in shit. The meal was rustic and beautiful, just as the restaurant is itself. Without that manager, this could have been a disaster but he salvaged it all... and should now reconsider a retool of the staff. Osteria is too nice to be compromised by someone so not nice.
