Went out to dinner on St.Patty's day.. maybe wasn't the best decision on my part but hey, I was hungry. I called ahead about 10 minutes and was able to get a "reservation." This is a bar so that area, which leads into the dining area, was filled to capacity. We were able to be seated right away which was much appreciated by me. Our drink orders were taking promptly but the bread came out after we ordered our salad and main course. First thing that was an issue for me was the very loud live band. Now, while having live music while dining out is appreciated. What was not appreciated is that I had to shout in order to be able to talk with my dinner companion. I mention this to our waiter who stated the same thing and also stated he had a complaint of that nature earlier. He went to ask the management if they could turn down the amp. The management flat out stated that they would not. Issue number one for me. I understand the desire to create this ambiance for your diners but it can't be so loud that they can't converse with friends etc. Enter my Cesar salad. It was quite tasty and the homemade croutons were a delight. I ordered for my bf :) and selected the roasted lamb chop with rosemary, asparagus and whipped sweet potatoes. Medium. I'm preggo, so I had to have collard greens and mac & cheese. I paired that with crab cakes. So after the bread and salad are devoured... we still there waiting and waiting.. After about 30 minutes of waiting and no sign of my waiter in sight to check in on us. I got another waitress to send him to my table. I asked about the wait. He indicated that the lamb "took a minute." Ok....I asked him to please send over the management at the end of my meal. He of course, sends her over right away. I explained to her that we had been waiting for 30 minutes for our entrees. I told her I had been to Papillon 25 twice before at the bar and had a pleasant experience. I believe she apologized and said she would go and check on our food. Food comes out about 3 minutes later. The lamb chop was a little over done but still had a good flavor. The asparagus and whipped sweet potatoes were excellent! The crab cakes were to die for! The mac and cheese was yummy :) The greens were ok. Nothing to brag about. So we eat and the waiter takes our plates. He does not ask us if we want the check. Finally, after waiting again, he asks us if we want the check. We said yes of course and then he comes back with wrong check! At this point I'm just pissed and ready to go. We get the bill and pay... not even noticing that the gratuity was added onto our bill. That pissed me off because the service was splotchy to say the least. The food was tasty but the service was horrid. They need to do a better job of separating the bar from the dining room and lower the music. Diners want to hear themselves think while enjoying a meal. Not sure if I would go back.
