I sorta consider myself a huge foodie, especially being from New York. One of the things I enjoy on weekends is brunch with friends. I must admit, initially I did head over to Sabrina's Cafe for brunch but after being told there was an hour and a half wait I looked to my Yelp app to find a nearby brunch spot. This led me to 'The Wishing Well'. Now let's get onto the review, shall we... My boyfriend and I walked up towards the entrance and there were two women who told us that the waitress with the glasses would take our names down on the list. They warned us they might say it's a long wait, but they weren't there long before they were seated. We ended up waiting 15 to 20 minutes for someone to pass by and take down our names. Before that time I approached the bartender and was told to wait for one of the servers to come take our names. After our names were finally taken we waited about another 15 minutes before a table cleared and we were seated. The wait wasn't THAT bad. However, what annoyed us was just standing there waiting along with a few other folk and no one coming by to take down our name. We decided to put that all past us, just browse over the menu, and enjoy a good meal while sipping on mimosas. The mimosas were $2 a glass and very much well worth it. Excellent champagne to OJ ratio, if I do say so myself. After looking up what the famous scrapple was we decided to order the hangover bowl and the shame eggs Benedict (with scrapple). The hangover bowl contained polenta, strips of bacon, cheese, eggs, and home fries. I added a couple of dashes of Siracha for some heat. It was delicious. I tried a few bites of the shame Benedict and was actually really pleased with the taste and texture. It wasn't an awful way of having scrapple for the first time, alright. On this particular day my only complaint has to be that the service was rather slow. However, that was to be expected since the place was a bit under staffed. There were 2 waiters to take care of the entire place besides the bar. I would go back here whenever I'm in Philly, but most likely to take advantage of the amazing happy hour pricing on beers they advertised.
