First, this isn't the REAL Grimaldi's. They just bought the name. Second, I don't care how long the line is, the proof is when I sit down and eat. First, the place was unkept, dirty dishes and glasses about. They had enough staff to keep up. I've waitered many years back so I know. No excuse for a dirty restaurant. The menus had tape over the alcoholic beverages because they were "in between" getting their liquor license renewed. How cheap can you be? Reprint & laminate the menus. It'll cost a few hundred bucks - max - to have it done professionally. And they had bottles of wine on the premises which they were pouring - obviously for people they knew. That just pissed me off. Then they were out of like, 2 or 3 kinds of soda. Like, WTF?!! If you're a busy place, for heaven's sake, stock your products!! Now we come to the pizza. I'm a connoisseur and have eaten pizza in many places, east coast, west coast, up north, down south & midwest. I've had slices from all over the city. I ordered a meatlover's with green & red peppers. When the pizza came, the first thing I noticed was the burnt basil on top. Do you know what BURNT BASIL tastes like? BURNT PAPER. I don't even own a restaurant and I know that you put the basil on AFTER the pizza comes out of the oven. Basil is crisp, refreshing and slightly sweet. It is an excellent component to a delicious pizza. But it was burnt. Smelled burnt. Tasted burnt. And it gets worse. The sausage bits were tiny and rolled into balls - like the meatballs, not cut in strips - which it should be for purposes of taste & aesthetics. I couldn't tell which was which. The ham was diced up far too small to appreciate. It was like eating pizza with tiny granules of meat. Not pleasant. The vegetables were also so thin and tiny, that I couldn't really enjoy those either. Folks, if you read other people's 4 or (God bless their generous hearts) 5 star ratings, then they've never eaten truly good pizza. I have. A handful of times. Most of which, were in places that don't pull in these kinds of crowds on their celebrity. On top of it all, everything you add on is an additional $1 or $2, so by the time you're done, without and beer or wine, you've got a $30 pizza that tastes like crap. Between the unsanitary conditions for such a famous restaurant, ridiculously absent details - the f'ed up menu and to top it off, a bad pizza - I recommend you pass. Best (2) pizzas I ever had: Woodcliff Lake, NJ and Lyndhurt, NJ. Can't remember the places because they were deliveries. Go figure.
