The only part of our experience that was not petite was the prices.  We arrived on Saturday at around 12:30PM to find 2 outside tables occupied and only one inside.  My immediate thought on entering was that this small restaurant/bakery was cramped because of too many tables plus it was in serious need of being bussed.     We had a SaveCtNow gift certificate good for a pair of sandwiches or salads, 2 drinks and 2 eclairs or cupcakes; a reputed value of $30 that cost $15.  I found a menu on a table and we went about deciding on what to order.  I ordered a French soda plus a Marseille sandwich - sundried pesto, lettuce, prosciutto and mozzarella.  My wife ordered a coffee and what I believe to be a Nicoise  - tuna, lettuce, cucumber and tomato. I asked the cashier if it would be okay if we chose our dessert at the end since I was not sure if we would be consuming them here or taking them home. We had to ask for our table to be bussed since it was covered with crumbs.  In the meantime, I picked up paper towels, napkins and a straw.  As we waited for our sandwiches, a line began to form and most of the tables filled up.  My wife received her sandwich which arrived on plate completely unadorned.  The baguette was crusty and delicious, but there could not have been much more than 3 tablespoons of tuna on the sandwich, 2 slices of cucumber, a little iceberg lettuce and a few slivers of tomato. I told my wife not to wait for me.  She had finished one half of the sandwich when I noticed food being delivered to other tables.  I finally got up and asked the whereabouts of my sandwich and a few minutes later it appeared, a full 10 minutes after my wife received hers.  My sandwich was similarly devoid of an appreciable amount of ingredients with only 1 thin slice of prosciutto in a $7.95 sandwich.   As a side note, a woman at an adjoining table was told a glass of water would cost her a $1. Does anyone price gorging come to anyone else's mind? We decide to take our éclairs with us, but discovered on ordering that they were all out so we chose a pair of petite chocolate cupcakes.  Later in the evening, we discovered the frosting was excellent, but the cake portion was dry.   Overall the experience was beyond disappointing.
