I don't even want to write this review, because words don't do this food justice. But I will, because the world needs to know about Bergen Hill. I went here with my boyfriend for my birthday. I love to cook and love to eat, and spend a lot of time reading about food, so when I read the reviews of Bergen Hill (named for the actual hill that slopes up Carroll Gardens), I was palpitating with excitement. We arrived and sat at the "chef's table," i.e. a few inches away from the micro kitchen that Chef Andrew uses to churn out his heavenly bites. Choosing was difficult; the menu is on the pricey side and we are not very rich, so we wanted to make the most of our plates. We ended up ordering four dishes: 1. Lobster toasts: Lobster rolls are arguably my boyfriend's favorite food, and I'm from Boston, so we absolutely had to try this. It takes lobster to another dimension - it was creamy and fresh, and the richness was cut with thin slices of hearts of palm. The lobster is brought in from Maine, and its freshness is palpable. 2. Hen of the woods: This is essentially a deconstructed mushroom salad, and since mushrooms are my favorite fungus, we had to order it. Seared hen of the woods mushrooms sit atop the most luscious mushroom purée, dotted with tiny white mushrooms whose name I unfortunately don't remember. There was umami up the wazoo and I was licking the purée off the plate. 3. Hamachi: Beautiful slices of raw hamachi were topped with a magical ponzu sauce and paired with radishes and avocado cream. Simple and stunning, it the sweetest, creamiest hamachi I've ever had. 4. Calamari "pasta": In this dish, the calamari stands in for the pasta, so you have smooth, tender strings of calamari in a lick-the-bowl delicious pomodoro sauce. Simple, generous, unbelievable. 5. Pistachio roll with butter and brown sugar ice cream - They surprised me at the end of the meal with a rousing rendition of happy birthday and dessert on the house. I am normally not a huge fan of pistachio-flavored desserts, as they are usually just green colored and don't actually taste like pistachio. This roll, described as a cinnamon roll but with pistachios instead of cinnamon, was unbelievable. There were pistachios tucked in everywhere, and it had the most tender crumb. The ice cream was stunning (seriously, if they opened an ice cream shop I'd be there every day), and the whole thing was topped with fresh wild strawberries. Throughout the meal we got to chat with Chef Andrew and Chef Tony, both funny, kind, humble people who turn food into art. This was both one of the most delicious and one of the most enjoyable meals I've ever had, and I'll be back as soon as possible.
