Before you read my review, watch the "teaser" for this place in the link I'm about to provide. I want you to close your eyes at the 0:13 second mark. Just trust me. When the music stops, open your eyes, come back here and read my review. youtube.com/watch?v=RnRW… I watched the same video before coming here for the first time just to make sure I knew what I was getting into (I had my eyes open for the whole thing though). I'm sure while you had your eyes closed however, you envisioned a world of dancing and revelers. My eyes were open when I watched this and for some reason when I got to The Lobby I was shocked not to see any of that. There is a $5 Self-Park fee. I will never understand those for the life of me...there's never any security watching your car. When this place was a Perkins there was no Self-Park fee. Anyway, the music was loud and we were hyped to just get our Step Up 2 on. We paid the fee and parked the car. Parking is crazy...there's no room for so many cars. We got to the door and got carded. Usual. No cover. Cool. Very unusual. But cool. You gotta pay for parking but there's no cover...alright. Instead of being told there was a cover, the ladies at the entrance asked if we wanted a table. And this is when I realized that this isn't really a club or lounge. It's a super fancy Applebees with a DJ. A very talented DJ. There is no dancing. There's no room for it. But there is a DJ. Playing music. That would entice you to dance. We said no to the table thinking we'd be able to just wander about while the music played or sit on a couch or something. As Kevin Spacey once said...WRONG!!!!!!!!!! We kinda just stood near the entrance. Looking around. There was no room at the bar...we didn't really come to drink and drink and drink. And if we had, there would have been nowhere to take our drinks with us. Standing at the bar would've been weird and there were no free pool tables. To sum it all up, we stood there for like ten minutes and then left. One thing that was interesting though was that a woman fell out of her high chair and no one said anything. It was very weird...the lack of laughter at someone else's expense. It seemed out of place. This silence. Especially in Elizabeth. That last bit didn't come from me...I just wrote what you were thinking. Anywaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay: I WOULD come back if I wanted to eat something. The food smelled good and looked good. I WOULD come back if I wanted to chill with the homies and play pool. They had a nice array of tables. I WOULD come back to watch a Devils game and drink some drinky dranks. That parking thing just tickles me though. Oh, and I would come back to listen to the DJ. Next time I'm gonna pull up a chair and sit right in front of him/her like he's an opera singer. I would hate to DJ somewhere that doesn't provide people with ample space to dance. It would ruin my self esteem. They should call this place The Elevator...tons of music...with nowhere to dance to it.
