beeep boooop beep Initiating ...Robot Review... The Bahn Mi Sandwich is one of my favorite sandwiches. It rivals the Burger. The Hardware of the sandwich: Bread: probably the most vital aspect of any Sandwich and Bahn Mi Zon's does not disappoint.  They toast it to perfection to order.  The outside is crisp, with a soft center, reminiscent of a french baguette. Sometimes the outside is a little too crispy and can scrape the roof of your mouth. Tip, go for lunch, as the bread is delivered fresh each morning. So, it's the freshest earlier. Bread Score: 1000/1010 Meat: I've tried most of the sandwiches, except for the (fairly) new catfish sandwich and the sardine sandwich. I can say that my personal favorite is the Grilled Pork Patties. I'd recommend any of their sandwiches.  The pork patties will stay with you for the rest of the day, so don't hesitate to bring some mints. Meat Score: 111/1010 Fixings: Pickled Daikon Radishes and Carrots, Fresh Cilantro, and Mayonnaise. To note, it's not burger king, so you can't have it your way, but why mess with something so delicious. The vegetables are perfectly julienned. Personal Recommendation: Ask for it to be spicy (sriracha)  and add Jalapeños -- if you like it spicy Fixings: 1001/1010 The external devices: Atmosphere: You walk into Bahn Mi Zon and you are typically greeted by a gruff older man wearing a straw bowler cap, while a young woman is behind the sandwich counter putting her expert sandwich making skills to work. A light jazz pandora radio station is playing in the background urging you to take a step back from the pace of New York and sit down to enjoy a sandwich. Service: The owners of this small shop take great pride in their work, and that means that they also take their time constructing these delightful sandwiches. So, if you are in a rush then maybe you want to check out a bodega down the street. If you have the time, then you won't be disappointed. Everyone could stand to slow down sometimes. Other Items: Iced Coffee: Get this! that's all that I can say. It's the best vietnamese Iced coffee that I have ever had. Overall All Robot Score: 1001/1010 Signing out -- George Orbot beeeeeeppp
