Okay, for those of us on the Manhattan side of the Brooklyn Bridge... Grimaldi's is just as much about the food as it is about the experience.  I've eaten at this place many, many times so I'll just summarize why I will eat here many more times in the future.  Bring your walking shoes! It starts with the 4,5 line to the Brooklyn Bridge / City Hall stop.  Preferably an hour or two before sunset.  The walk across the Brooklyn Bridge presents one of my favorite views of Midtown.  If you take this walk right before or at sunset, the buildings all look like they are made of Copper, Gold and Silver... breathtaking.  A casual walk as cars race underneath your feet is a great way to walk out of Manhattan on foot.  You get views of Midtown, Downtown, Statue of Liberty (distant but visible), South Street Seaport, Manhattan Bridge, Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, Brooklyn... all from the Brooklyn Bridge. Hang left as you get to the Brooklyn side of the bridge and head down the stairs and to the right.  Never remember the park name, but it's always serene.  A short walk back in the direction of Manhattan brings you right up to Grimaldi's.  You can't miss it... just look for the line of people.  I've had many great conversations with complete strangers in that line so I never mind the wait.  You'll be sitting right up close to more strangers inside, so you better get used to being social.  It always feels like I'm at a huge family gathering or something in Grimaldi's for some reason. Oh ya, the food...  Brick oven pizza through and through.  Cash only by the way!  The mozzarella is always fresh... the thin crust is always perfectly toasted... the basil, sun-dried tomatoes, pepporoni, sausage... always predictably tasty.  If you like thin crust, brick oven pizza then you'll like Grimaldi's.  If you stuff yourself too much, no worries.  Head out and to the right toward the pier.  I hit up the ice cream place about every other time, but always take a moment at the docks to look back at Manhattan.  If the sun is almost down, the downtown Manhattan skyline screams blue.  It's very peaceful and fun to watch the boat activity on the water for a bit. If you timed it right and it's starting to get dark, the walk back over the bridge at night towards manhattan offers a completely different view of midtown and downtown.  All the lighted windows in the buildings make me think of man made stars.  It's a nice walk that delivers you back to the  Brooklyn Bridge / City Hall station just at the right moment.  So now you've gotten some exercise, experienced some great views, hopefully had some good company, and are ready to enjoy the rest of your evening doing whatever wherever. Ciao!
