Right off the bat I must say this: the prices do not match the quality. I paid $14 for a burrito w/ rice & beans. I could've gone to any spot in New Brunswick and gotten the same food, probably better food, for half the price. But Beana's has been a part of my childhood so I decided to give it another shot after having last been there around 6 years ago. The only thing keeping this place afloat is the ambiance. The decor inside is nice. Lots of items on the walls. Mexican music playing. Small games at each table to keep you from being bored waiting for the food. I wish other places would do that. What is bad...our waiter was not very attentive. We had to ask another waiter to swipe our card because our original waiter never came back after giving us our check. Now for the most important part...the food. I ordered a beef burrito with rice and beans. I've been to lots of Mexican restaurants and let me tell you, this place is definitely near the bottom of my list when it comes to the food. That beef was strange tasting, kinda looked like dog food? I don't know what that is all about but yeah it looked like dog food. Tasted strange. My girlfriend tasted it too and agreed. Beef burrito - NOT recommended. My girlfriend got the chicken burrito which tasted fine but again, the chicken did not appear "real". Very bland. It tasted like processed straight from the bag type of chicken. Chicken burrito - Recommended by default.  Rice & beans were pretty good. The sauces for the tortilla chips were definitely straight from the jar. The salsa verde turned out to be a major disappointment. For dessert we got the Beana's Special Dessert which was pumpkin ice cream. That was pretty good. We also tried one rice pudding empanada and one peach empanada. The peach one was by far the better of the two. Bottom line - we will one day return to Beana's but not until a few years have passed. Maybe in that time they will get a better wait staff and hopefully get better, more authentic food. That's what they need to do to be a top notch restaurant. Until then, I just think of Beana's as a poor excuse for "authentic" Mexican food. You want real Mexican food? Go to any spot in New Brunswick.
