"Everything was poor from the food to the service, such a shame...." We were greeted exceptionally well. That is the extent of the best part. Going forward in was a downhill spiral. We were a large party and were seated at a fine table. However, the waiter failed to provide us the wine/drink menu. After asking a few times he did provide it. I was irate at the fact the party next to us brought in their own wine and beer. Nowhere on the menu or web site does it state BYOB. The site only has "fully stacked bar" I would have liked to bring my own wine. The food at best was ok, nothing to scream about and say WOW. The first course consisting of salad was very tasty. The second course, the B'stella was ok, I have had better and found this one to be rather a disappointment. We opted for the mild dish of chicken with the lemon and olive. This had absolutely NO flavor. I did not taste the lemon nor the olives. It may have very well been a roasted chicken bought from a local store and was topped with lemon slices to make it look Moroccan. Then the waiter laid in front of us a dish of lamb and we informed him that we are expecting the beef kabobs as well since we wanted half and half. The waiter picked up the tray of food and stated "oh maybe this is for the other table next to you and brought it down". Isn't there a law about once the dish/plate/food is served you cannot reserve it? The beef kabobs were as tough as nails simply over cooked, dry and flavorless. I do not care for Lamb so I cannot say anything about the lamb dish. A basket of fruit for dessert? Really? Who provides a plate of fruit? Cut the fruit, have fruit salad but not a plate of fruit. Then the tea was served it comes already in a glass. The tea was very light in color which I already know is the Moroccan way but it had very little mint flavor. Here I am going to say they probably used mint flavored tea bags. I am used to the show of tea serving, when the tea is poured in and out of the pot at a high angle several times to infuse the mint and the steep the tea more. The baklava was acceptable. This place was a huge disappointment. Lacking in flavor, service and cohesion. Oh by the it is CASH ONLY!!!! Bottom line, if you like Moroccan food, do not eat here, rather look up a recipe and make it yourself.
