I beg to differ with these reviews. The food was ok, but nothing great & management is incompetent. I brought my girlfriend and her mother here for her birthday (which I listed in the Open Table request box), mainly because the reviews are universally favorable...I now regret that.   Ok, I went strictly by the reviews on ordering the first round: - Brussel sprouts - Warm eggplant - Sweet corn with cheese - Bone marrow These were ok, but I don't get the over-the-top reviews. So my girlfriend goes to the ladies room during the first course.  A busboy then taps me on the shoulder to move out of the way, because a baby carriage was coming in. I don't mean a low key one, I mean one of those gigantic baby carriages with all the features (bumpers, moon roof, antilock brakes, airbags, cup holders...you get the idea). Now, there are only two adults seated at this table for eight.  Our waitress sees this and comes over to check in.  My girlfriend had returned and, despite the fact that there is the baby carriage over her shoulder, says it's ok, which I relay to the waitress.  I then ask her how many people are in the party.  She tells me seven.  Now, as other reviewers have noted, this place is all about rules..."including no party is seated until all are there".  Well, they broke this rule, as the rest didn't show for at least 15 minutes or so.  So, you may want to push them on this rule...although if you're not Lebanese (apparently), you may get no play. The rest of the party ends up seated, with one chair so close the guy might as well have been in my lap.  I would have to get up to let my girlfriend out again, much less breath. I see the "Manager" and call him over, explaining that it's a bit ridiculous to have the baby tank in the dining room and some guy over my back like it's a beer garden.   The manager then reveals he's a bit of a dimwit...not understanding the clear problem.  I tell him: "its' my girlfriend's birthday and we jammed with a baby carriage and another diner".  "Sir, it's not legal for me to refuse service to those with children" is the response.  Um, I'm pretty certain that a restaurant isn't required to have baby tanks in the dining room, much less that it's prudent in NYC where folks are paying top dollar for an enjoyable experience (forget the stupidity of the folks doing this). Stammering, he didn't really get the problem. I then suggest that this place isn't Chuck E. Cheese or McDonalds, to which he didn't' have a defense. I was exasperated and ready to pay the check and leave.  He finally came to the resolution - "we needed to move to another table". Ok, we move.  The waitress comes over, apologizing for the inconvenience.  We order more drinks and I am explicit in what we want, but I tell her I'm not in the right state of mind to order our second course. 15 minutes later, we call her over to inquire about the drinks.  Inexplicably, she hadn't ordered them. 10 minutes later we had them.  We ordered more food.   Everyone raves about the Phoenician fries.  THEY ARE FRENCH FRIES!  (with seasoning).  We like French fries...so they were good, just as they are at a myriad of other restaurants.  "The lamb chops are so good"...yes, so are mine & I make them all the time. Then comes dessert - my girlfriend orders baklava.  It comes with a candle. I get the bill.  They couldn't even buy us the damned baklava.  Management here is not only stupid, it's cheap. I strongly suggest you take heed of the other reviewers who recommend getting a table upstairs where it is less noisy (and where they can't get a baby tank). ...or, you may just want to save a boatload of cash and go to Chuck E. Cheese. Needless to say,  I expected a good time and got the shaft. I will never return to this place.  You enjoy those Brussel sprouts!
