Ate at Hu Kitchen last night for the first time.  The food was pretty good (really enjoyed the quinoa bowl with the Thai chicken) but am unlikely to go back ever again, given the high prices and how rude (bordering on nasty) the staff and even the manager were. The staff were pretty brusque and not good about answering questions.  Then, the water pitcher that is upstairs was empty and although I politely asked a staff member three times to refill it and each time he said he would be back right away with water, about 25 minutes went by and the pitcher was never refilled.  I had been waiting to eat my meal til the water came, and when it never did, I finally ate my meal, which was mostly cold by that point, without anything to drink.  Then I finally went downstairs to ask for a glass of water and explained that I had been waiting over 30 minutes for a glass of water, despite my asking 3 times for the pitcher to be refilled (and apparently multiple other people had complained as well).  The manager sent a staff person to refill it right away at that point, but was so rude about it to me and even mocked me-- I don't think she understood that in the service industry, sometimes a sincere apology makes all the difference in the world and if she had done so, I might not be writing this review now.   The other thing that was disappointing and bizarre about the staff and restaurant was that after my meal, I went back to the counter and ordered a dessert (even though I was very reluctant to give the restaurant any more business).  The dessert was $6 and I tried to pay with a $10 but the restaurant did not have change for a $10 bill and rudely asked me to pay by credit card!  I understand that this can happen anywhere (maybe) but the way the employee seemed so annoyed that we were trying to pay in cash and so rudely asked us to pay by credit card , instead of politely or apologetically explaining the situation, was so bizarre and left a very bad taste in my mouth. I notice that a lot of other reviewers have commented here on how overpriced this restaurant is-- while it certainly is expensive given that there isn't even waiter service and you have to carry your own tray of food to your seat, cafeteria style, I would pay this kind of money if the attitudes of the employees and manager matched the very positive mission statement on their website.  But given how poorly I was treated, I do not think I will be back (I would never physically go back to the restaurant-- I would consider ordering take out, but I really do not want to give them my business).
