Friends. It's the Upper West Side. Land of frustrated folks who can't afford the Upper East Side. And crazy, misbegotten semiotics academics; Intermix teenagers; ladies who should not be wearing Juicy; men of a certain age who wear Rock & Republic. In other words: it's a confusing place and all you want to do is eat something brilliant while holding onto your soul. Kefi: Greek food for those who understand that it's Manhattan. In other words: You're in New York. And it's dinner time. YOU ARE NOT IN ATHENS. Get a fucking grip. (Greek people: I know that you can make each of these dishes better than the Salvadorian or Columbian line cooks at Kefi but you have not been inviting me to into your dining rooms of late. Sniff.) But be warned: the packed crowd (see way above) will suck your spirit. Especially if you are brown. Once you've dealt with that bit, you're good to go. I went with two friends, sat next door at Akai Lounge (another review) and had a res for 8:30. We ambled in at 7:30, fully expecting to whett at the bar but were seated right away. Nice. Our waiter made a few faux pas: intimating our thirst for retsina was gauche, scheduling our apps to his liking not ours; but whatever folks. It's not the GMAT. We hung. We ordered: *Taramasalata; Sun-dried tomato hummus (I hate hummus. It's blended sadness but here: whipped happiness. Look into it.); roasted eggplant with roasted red pepper (meh); and tsatziki - small dishes. LOVELY. * Sweetbreads with caper berries and sauteed spinach in a white wine lemon veloute. (Sweetbreads = Thymus glands; not for pussies.) Fucking Brilliant. Be warned: the waiter will try to talk you out of this dish. Smile pleasantly and look blank. *Handmade Cypriot sausage with shaved cucumber and yogurt (Like merguez or lamb kati kebab. Superb Desi translation!) Better than what you can make at home. I assure you. *Grilled octopus with tiny chickpeas, onions and tomatoes. Crazy good. (Ordinarily, I never eat octopus: they mate for life and since I'm single, the whole thing is kind of sacrosant and bums me out. I mean I'm eating some creature's MATE. This is my vegan minute: can you dig it?) *We were so besotted with the taramasalata we ordered another serving. Folks: it's fish roe whipped with potatoes, olive oil, yogurt and lemon OR fish roe whipped with bead crumbs, olive oil and lemon. *Massive lamb shank with orzo- standard Greek-American fare notched up to a BILLION with lots of lovely rosemary, properly al dente orzo, etc. *Galaktibouriko - phyllo layers, custard and preserved orange peel- for dessert. I love this dish and was stoked but it was micro-waved and I was sad. My dinner companions took to it like hyenas chasing off vultures. Lactose intolerant? You might not care. We drank: sneered upon retsina (whatever!) and some sort of dark artisinal beer. Decor: Mykonos/Santorini meets Potterybarn meets Williams Sonoma, in a gated community mall. In other words: I felt right at home, Hellenic style. Brilliant meal. Will repeat until I die.
