This was my second time at Brooklyn Crab.  I remember the first time was kinda pricey and the scallops and chowder I had ordered then were decent.  I guess the price stuck in my mind long enough to keep me away for a year.  In that year I had gotten my seafood fix at other establishments, like Randazzo's, a cool little place on 3rd Ave., the name of which escapes me, and Mezzini's on 5th Ave.  Well, I was reminded tonight why it had been a year, and why I will not be back again. "Tonight" was a Tuesday night and the dining area was empty save for a couple of people at the bar.  When I came up the stairs it was about 6:45pm.  The hostess was friendly enough (back to her later) and the server was quick to take my order. Now, to be fair, I did not ask for a menu - I knew exactly what I wanted, a bowl of clam chowder and the pan seared scallops - a double order!  Yeah, I like scallops, a lot! Here's the thing though, While I have been paying for seafood at restaurants now (all by myself) for about 25 years and am fortunate to have a decent job that affords me some disposable income (enough to indulge in the occasional night out after working 65-70 hours a week) - price is generally not a primary concern of mine when eating, where it concerns a menu. ....So, the food arrives.  The clam chowder was good and the scallops where just ok (they tasted like they had been dipped in salt, actually. Don't get me wrong, they weren't inedible - they were ok.   I didn't count how many there were - maybe there were 20 (remember, it was a double order) and some arugula in the center of the dish. .  Ok, well, got my fix and now, "I'll take my check please."  Not including the two drinks I had, the bill was $68.00.  Is that too much for salty scallops, decent chowder and a view of the Fairway parking lot and Lower New York Harbor in the background?  You be the judge - personally, I think it was overpriced.  As I approached the stairs to the sidewalk, the hostess bid me adou in her own special way, "Was everything good, Honey?"  My answer to that would be; For someone to have patronized the business you receive a paycheck from and spent $83.00, a "Thank you, Sir!" would have been more appropriate - especially when you are 20 years younger than the patron.  All the best, Brooklyn Crab!
