With a cozy, friendly atmosphere, Pommes Frites is famous for its Belgian French fries.  It is lauded by all the major New York newspapers and magazines. (Pommes Frites was rated "Best French Fries in NYC" for 2005 by New York Magazine, New York Press, Time Out Magazine, Paper Magazine, and The Village Voice.)  FoodGirl interviewed the co owner of the shop, Omer Shorshi, and here's what she discovered: Omer opened the shop with his partner, Suzanne Levinson, in January 1997.  The reason Pommes Frites's fries are so good is because they are made "the Belgian way": first fried on low heat to cook them from the inside out, and then, before serving them to a customer, they are fried again, this time on high heat to make the outside crunchy. They have oodles (30, actually) of exotic sauces available for only 75 cents per extra sauce (each order of fries comes with any one sauce); peanut satay, rosemary roasted garlic mayo, and honey mustard mayo are a few. Of course, they do serve ketchup....but that's so...ordinary! Their most popular sauce is the sweet mango chutney - one Omer and Suzanne invented the shop's opening year.  However, don't forget the chopped onions!  Mix them with the sauces to add an awesome crunch to your dipping. Enough talking.  Let's eat...and find out if anything Omer said was actually true! FoodGirl decided to go full out and asked for a double order (a cone larger than my entire head) for $7.50.  After much contemplation, I chose the smoked eggplant mayo and honey mustard sauces.  I picked up my first steaming golden-brown fry and took a bite.  My reaction: Oh my god.  Oh MY god.  OH MY GOD! When I first sunk my teeth into the fry, it crunched.  It was perfectly salted on the outside.  Then, once I bit past the crunch, the inside was so fluffy and potato-y! Mmmmmmm...It was like eating crunchy mashed potatoes....but much better!  Then, the sauces...they enhance the flavor even more with a special zing! I recommend the smoked eggplant mayo...offbeat enough to really crank the taste up to heaven! you like your fries extremely crunchy, the best part is at the base of the cone.  FoodGirl recommends using a fork to put a large dollop of sauce on all the little crunchy bits that have escaped to the bottom, mix it around, and consume!  his interview with FoodGirl, Omer's last comment was, "You know, they may not be good for the heart, but they sure are good for the soul."  And so they are. I exited Pommes Frites smiling, full and contented; FoodGirl's craving for the perfect French Fries had finally been quelled...by the best fries in New York City!   And so, Pommes Frites receives the FoodGirl Golden Fork Stamp of Approval.  See for yourself and give your taste buds a few delicious golden-brown moments of ecstasy!
