So, this is my first review after about five months of lurking and visiting quite a few places recommended by users, hardcore users, of Yelp such as yourself.   I am moved to write a review because I may have had the best meal of my life last night.  Don't get me wrong! No, do not get me wrong! I am not saying I have not had tremendous 4 and one half star meals within the last six months at Euzkadi, Mercat, Union(Seattle) , Tango (Seattle), Opal (Seattle, RIP, sniff, fucking mortgage crisis- up yours M. Friedman and the rest of your U of Chi cult!) and indeed four star meals at Aqua Trattoria (La Jolla), Tilth (Seattle) How to Cook a Wolf (Seattle), and Blue Ribbon Sushi. I have been very lucky as you can see, but my meal last night at Yerba Buena was stunning. As mentioned, this is my first review, so my vocab is short as I am finding it hard to translate my primal, barely muffled groans of pleasure from last night's meal into English. The calimari was heavenly and bold of the chef, as I thought 'how the hell will they follow something  this good, I am ready just to sit and weep silently at my good fortune'.  It was lightly coated and perfectly textured. The hamachi ceviche was itself exquisite, and nicely portioned.   The guacomole can be strongly recommended (and is, it is!), a little bit smoky with crumbled cojita on top.   As for the main course, we chose the special, a lovely ensemble of filet mignon, chorizo, ribeye and short rib.  Incredible, just succulent, ordered as 'rare as you can get it' .  Perhaps the only , and I mean the only, possible revision would be to get it a wee bit rarer. The Cab Sauvignon and the Granaxta were excellent and the pour was very generous.   Dessert involved a molten chocolate cake with a side of mint chocolate chip ice cream AND churros.  Both were exquisite. Did I mention I am a total glutton?  Didn't need to. With four glasses of wine, two appetizers, guacomole, and the special, and two, yes TWO desserts the total came to 133.   We easily could have had one glass of wine each, one appetizer each and one dessert and been deeply satisfied.  That would put one of the loveliest meals you and another will have at under $100.  Encroyable! The service was excellent, the manager attentive, and the atmosphere lively but not overwhelming. A perfect complement to this outstanding fare. Do yourself a favor.
