We came here for lunch on Sunday after a successful cronut hunt. Having read good reviews from fellow Yelpers, I'd thought that this was a good way to cap that off. Unfortunately I should have known that something was up from how it was way too easy to score a reservation here. The service is pretty bad and the food doesn't quite make up for it. In fact the food fell flat a couple of times. The restaurant is long and narrow, and requires the servers to walk up and down to keep an eye on the tables. Today, the servers didn't feel like walking, sadly. Keeping up with this trend, the one who took our order didn't feel the need to write down our list of more than 8 tapas that we had asked for- and of course 2 never showed up until we asked about them. Did they refill our glasses? It was more like, "Water? You need water? Really?" And since they didn't bother asking if we wanted more sangria, I'm glad I kept my money, even if the sangria wasn't too bad. Yes, I'm that happy to not give them my money anymore. Not since they stuffed a bar stool at the head of our table, which was squeezed tight with 6 already in it, and called it a table for 7, when the two tables for eight at the back went empty for 2 hours. The squid in ink is the only dish I'd really recommend, since although the patatas bravas was well done it's probably bad for you. The jamon was measly. Really. Oh that reminds me. I had to ask for my plate of jamon five times, since the server forgot to write down the order, and when it came, it was the charcuterie plate instead. How genius. Oh yeah, the lamb skewers? That's a double order?  I get more lamb in an order from Halal Cart, even not counting the stuff which is not really 'lamb' but 'comes from some part of a lamb'. Octopus salad- meh. Garlic shrimp...average. Crispy fish (anchovies)...let's just say half the table refused to try it. Stuffed peppers- my sister-in-law offered me hers after a bite. Croquetas- okay. Stewed chorizo - meh. It's hard to say how much of my experience was already colored by the bad service, but we all left thinking this place is a total write-off. I'm not going to go on. This place is not recommended.
