And it's time to downgrade my previous review. I've now come to this restaurant 3 times, once for dinner on a Friday evening, once for drinks and dessert late on a Saturday night and once for lunch on a Monday afternoon. The service has been consistently terrible every time (though the server has been different each time). The Monday afternoon lunch was the final straw. The restaurant was fairly empty with maybe a handful of other patrons around. There was a hostess, a waitress and a bartender none of which paid much attention to my husband and I. The waitress disappeared at some point and didn't return so I guess her shift was over. After quite a bit of time the bartender took our order. I ordered the crack soup which gives you the option of chicken broth or spicy broth and choice of meat. I had ordered regular chicken broth with no meat. A ridiculous amount of time passed. My husband got his burger. No new people came into the restaurant. Some more time passed. I finally got my soup. It was with spicy broth and chicken. Two things wrong with this simple order! Another 5-7 minutes passed before I could get the attention of the bartender. His back was always turned to the room. Maybe he was printing receipts on the computer or something but that's just poor placement of the computer then. Check up on your tables once in awhile! I finally got his attention and told him what was wrong with the order. He seemed just as annoyed with the kitchen as I was and took the soup back. Another ridiculous amount of time passed. My husband was long done with his lunch. I finally got my soup and ate it. This is the most disappointing part about this restaurant. I actually like their food! We got the check and noticed that my $2 tea was comped. That's a nice gesture but unfortunately not enough to compensate for the 2 hour long lunch which should have taken maybe 40 minutes. I can't imagine how frustrated I would have been with the experience had I actually had to go somewhere after lunch, like back to work! Three strikes and you're out. Sorry Bijan, wish you were better.
