Dinosaur Ribs...seriously...DINOSAUR RIBS!!! And they actually looked like ribs that could literally have come from an animal the size of a brontosaurus. If you live anywhere remotely close to Fogo de Chao you must make a point to eat here at least once. Went there last night with a party of six for my birthday and we had a blast. As many reviews have pointed out the following is a good plan of attack: graze the salad bar, stuff yourself with meat, and go home (our out for a long walk to the bar) in your meat coma. A few personal recommendations: Do enjoy the salad bar and relax a little while before starting with your meat buffet. The apple salad was delicious and I enjoyed several of the cheeses. Other reviews have suggested making specific requests for meats as soon as you sit down. If it is your first time I would ignore this and sample all of the meats first. From there you can narrow down what you really want to chow down on as the meal goes on. Now usually I would not recommend $35 pitchers of sangria, though in this case I am. The sangria was very good with the meat because the sweetness complemented the salty richness of the meats. Also there is a period of time when you first get rolling and the meat servers are slicing off meat for you faster than you can reach down and turn your chip over to red. Relax during this initial onslaught because once you settle in you can enjoy the great meats. From my estimation the meat was top quality, probably not quite the same quality as a Morton's or Ruth Chris, but definitely good quality. I also thought the meet was seasoned perfectly. Most of the meats are cooked on the rare side and so if you prefer steak medium just make a point to ask for this. Of the six of us we each had different preferences and meats we ask for more of as the meal went on. My favorites are in the following order from favorite to least favorite: ribeye, lamb chops, pork ribs, garlic steak, bacon wrapped fillet, Linguica, leg of lamb, top sirloin, and bacon wrapped chicken. The ribeye, lamb chops, and pork ribs I asked for seconds and thirds. I saw what looked like pretty good desserts that people where having at other tables. Frankly I don't see the point in ever leaving enough room for dessert when dining at Fogo de Chao.
