There is something so RUSTIC about this cute restaurant, but also very FUN at the same time. We sat at a table next to the kitchen (so it was a little wamer). It also meant we were closer to the good music flowing out of the speakers. I don't know...it's so classy to be in surrounded by adorable country style decor while eating a fresh oyster and jamming to Kylie Minogue. You won't notice it when you walk in the door, but oh, you'll feel that beat later. Anyway, before my review ends up sounding like a review for some club, I will move onto the food. I don't know what it is about Brussels Sprouts for me, but they have been so delicious at restaurants I've recently been to (Alta!!). These sprouts came out shredded but still had a nice char to them AND being the Korean that I am, I appreciated the spicy kick that the Sriracha provided. I recommend this especially if you get something as heavy (but yummy) as the pork hock. It will help balance it out. Our server was nice enough to bring us a bowl of stuffing. My fiance LOVED it and thought it was quite flavorful. I liked the flavor, but the texture threw me off. I don't really like soggy stuffing even if it may be the proper way of eating it. I think I am too used to the ghetto Stove top stuffing of my youth. We also shared an appetizer of sepia, which I learned was a type of squid. It comes in a yogurt sauce so be aware of the creaminess. I liked it! I just wouldn't be able to eat the whole thing by myself. We made room for dessert! All these yelpers were talking about some salted caramel pudding. I thought it was going to be really rich. It was SO light! The caramel pudding wasn't even salty. I could have had the whole entire thing by myself. And once again, our server was awesome and served us up some fries on the side because he said it was amazing to dip the fries in. It was a super interesting taste. I would get one for dipping and one to eat without the saltiness. Also, if you're into drinks, check out their menu. I ordered a Magdalena because I'm into spicy drinks. The poblano didn't have enough kick. It would  have been perfect with jalapenos in it. But it definitely was refreshing and a perfect way to start our dinner! Do it! I want to go back and try the Mussels & Fries dish!
