Really, I can't understand how Blue Ribbon Brasserie gets such a high rating that I'm compelled to write my inaugural Yelp post in hope of getting feedback as to what we did wrong. We dined last Friday, after learning that Ali Di La and Bogota were closed for Labor Day Weekend. I should mention that my parents were in town, and this was their first visit to Brooklyn - my goal was to show off my new neighborhood and rip their assumptions about Brooklyn (industrial, gritty, etc) to bits. Where Blue Ribbon was a shinning indication that the Manhattan 'scene' has expanded to Park Slope, it didn't do much to convince them that the food matches our island neighbor. First off, the interior is nicely done, but the dining room is LOUD. There wasn't much room to comfortably grab a drink or two to pass the 45 minute wait, so we went across the street. Unfortunately Blue Ribbon won't call your cell before your table is ready, but the host was nice and invited me to call in about 30 min to see where our name was on the list. We were seated exactly 45 minutes after arriving, but had to wait another 15 or so for the waiter to come around. When he did, he was aloof and absent-minded, and left our table for 5 minutes a time to check with the manager for questions as simple as "what would you recommend for a cabernet under $50?". For appetizers we went with the fried oysters and calamari, which were fine but ordinary. Entrees were similarly bland: my dad's fried chicken was fine, although we've definitely had better, and my Paella was similarly just OK. My mom's fish, on the other hand, was very overcooked, and after waiting about 5 minutes to flag down our waiter to no avail, she went ahead and ate it. Nobody asked us how our meal was after our entrees were served. In all honesty I just don't understand why Blue Ribbon gets such high marks and so many customers. I've only been living in Park Slope for 2 months now, but there's such an abundance of wonderful, affordable restaurants that it pains me to see an overpriced, scene-oriented restaurant from Manhattan get such praise. So, for all the Blue Ribbon fans on Yelp - what did we do wrong? Was it what we ordered? Because we went over Labor Day Weekend? I imagine, for some, Blue Ribbon is a sort of high-roller, scene-oriented relief in a neighborhood dominated by local, low-key restaurants. But IMHO the prices may match the scene, but they definitely don't match the food.
