I'm surprised by the amount of negative reviews for Cuban Pete's.  Most complaints seem directed towards the service, but after having diner here tonight and enduring/resolving a potential conflict, I have to wonder what kind of service these negative reviewers feel entitled to.  Here's why Cuban Pete's is a fantastic restaurant and dining experience: Our family of six comes in on a Sunday evening to celebrate my brother's birthday, and despite the pouring rain, the place is PACKED.  (It always seems packed, which I believe signifies both its success and the concern of certain reviewers).  We are seated near a pair of speakers playing quite good, though awfully loud Latin music.  My brother has a condition making him very sensitive to loud music (we weren't previously aware of how festive and lively the restaurant is- our error).  We ask the waiter if he could turn down the music, and he does.  No problems whatsoever.  He goes on to warn the rest of the wait staff about our brother so that whenever a birthday was to be sung and celebrated they would position themselves away from the table, and they did so.   Later on in the night, the owner comes in and turns up the music.  It's his joint, and I doubt he was aware of our issue.  My father makes the universal "could you turn it down a little" face/gesture, and the owner does so without hesitation.  He comes over to our table and apologizes, makes a wonderful impression, and wishes my brother a happy birthday.  We are beaming by this point.  Twice the restaurant has gone out of its way to cater to our personal requests.  It was the kind of service that left us feeling warm and genuinely welcomed.   Before it could get any better, the owner returns with a $50 dollar gift card for my brother, saying how he knew that the full on conga drum celebration might not be his cup of tea, but that hopefully this can make up for it. It wasn't just a great dinner, it really made the night for my brother and our family.  The warmth of the owner helped to open up my brother, who usually would feel the need to leave environments that are as lively as Cuban Pete's.   I imagine that most people who have problems with Cuban Pete's have problems in general with places that are very busy.  If you don't like crowded spaces and frenetic vibes than this place may not be for you.  It is inaccurate, though, to discredit their service for an issue that boils down to personal taste.  The staff performed fantastically given the rate of their business, and as a family who experienced this exact concern first-hand, we found that speaking up politely served our needs and then some. Also, the food is great!  Most entrees cost around $14.00 and they are very generous proportions.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  The same would have easily cost double in the city.
