Vegetable Antipasti - 5 out of 5 A-m-a-z-i-n-g display and variety of summer vegetables that were all marinated and cooked to perfection. The experience in one word: addictive. Spaghetti Alla Chitarra (Rabbit Bolognese, Artichoke and Black Truffle) - 4.5 out of 5 Delicious tender rabbit meat complemented the delicate pasta and the black truffle chunks. Robiola Francobolli ("Postage Stamp Ravioli" with Royal Trumpet Mushrooms and Thyme) - 3 out of 5 I was expecting a lot more from this dish. There were homemade white ravioli on a white plate with some thin slices of mushrooms and a creamy filling. I don't base much of my review on appearance of the food, but when everyone's dishes arrived and mine was pretty boring looking (no color, no garnish, and a smaller than typical portion), I was less enthralled. Taste-wise, these raviolis melted on my palate. They were so soft and delicate and creamy. But, I would recommend a sauce with more depth and flavor. Bufala Mozzerella and Heirloom Tomato "Conchiglie" Stuffed Shells - 4 out of 5 My boyfriend's father, who according to him and his family, always orders the "best" dish when they're out at restaurants. He ordered the stuffed shells, which goes to figure, since they were amazing. The basil in the sauce is the freshest I've tasted. Rhubarb Strudel (with Apricot and Pistachio Semifreddo) - 2 out of 5 Just all right. Our server recommended this dessert over the Chocolate Mousse Torta, so I trusted her opinion. It looked like a Danish doughnut and tasted like a sweet-and-tart rendition. The combination of rhubarb, apricot, and pistachio didn't coalesce into a magical experience. It seemed like a dessert put on the menu to have another option, rather than some ethereal flavor combination Vetri was excited to share with the world. Chocolate Mousse Torta (with Peanut Butter and Chocolate Sbrisolona) - 5 out of 5 Now, this is a dessert is a not worth missing. BF's father ordered the torta and gave me a bite. It was oh so rich and decadent and everything a chocolate lover would want to finish off a great meal.
