They have been open for only 7 weeks as of end of August 2014, so I can understand how the first review might have been right, but my experience on week six was on the money. On our arrival at the location, we were impressed with the nice clean exterior of the building and colorful outdoor umbrellas in the rear outdoor seating area. There is parking right behind the restaurant. We were greeted and seated right away. The interior has been cleanly decorated with a few authentic touches that let you know this is a Puerto Rican restaurant. If you miss the few family photos, the background music is another clue this Puerto Rican food you are about to eat. The family photos also make you feel right at home. Our server was very pleasant, telling us that she was new to her role and enthusiastically said "we'll work through this together" which we did. It was not any work at all and she did a great job. At one point after we ordered our appetizer, two gentlemen walked out of the kitchen and immediately greeted us. They were the owners. We spent a few minutes chatting it up and they showed us around the place and the seating on the second floor, a good place for a party. We ordered the tasting appetizer which is really big enough for 3-4. It had multiple portions of several things which, unless you're familiar with the food, you're not going to recognize by name, so I won't name them. Let me just say that there wasn't a thing on the plate that we didn't like. The kitchen sent out a coupe other tasters that were not on the standard platter and they were great too. Nothing that was fried was greasy. Our lunches were authentic and tasty, with all authentic flavors done in balance. This is high praise for this cuisine as my wife is a fantastic cook and in the many Puerto Rican restaurants we've visited, she's has never come close to having praise for any of them. Yet this time, she could not stop talking about this place. Her exact words were "they nailed it!" It's a BYO-Wine which is another one of my favorite traits of a restaurant. Don't let the bar fool you, it is just a place to pull up and eat. Good if you're eating alone. Come explore this cuisine done well. We are going back this week with a couple of chef friends. I cannot wait.
