So as referenced in my last review on boqueria, I recently had my 27th bday party at boqueria in soho. Came in tow with  a rowdy party of 13 ppl, many of whom are functioning social alcoholics or gargantuan sized men with big appetites who were apprehensive about how full they could get on tapas. I have obviously already been to this place and reviewed the food so I thought I would take this opportunity to review how they handled this undesirable group. There was a probem w two small things with the evening. The first was the table they sat us at. When I made the reservation I was told I'd probably get the booth tables in the back of the restaurant, which are set apart from the rest of the place. Wouldve been ideal for a large party that wanted to hold actual conversations with one another in a busy restaurant. But instead they gave me a large rectangular table smack in the middle of the place. It was loud, very loud and impossible for me to converse w my friends who were at the other end of the table unless I physically got up and went over to them. But it was not the end of the world - another party ended up back there after a kittle bit so clearly they were just trying to accommodate everyone. The only other problem was the fact that although the restaurant kept the pitchers of sangria flowing, they were $34 each. Very delicious but that is very pricey and I know the group wasn't thrilled. But, as one good friend put it, it was a special occasion and since we are in our late twenties, we are too old to nickel and dime good food and drinks. The food was delicious as it was last time and they served it family style with huge portions. Even my large strapping guy friends were full. The lamb skewers were a huge hit and the paella was fantastic and plentiful. AND get this: my one friend is allergic to shellfish so the paella was out of the question. Our server noticed she couldn't eat it and offered to get her something else. A few min later she brought my friend a plate of very tasty steak. My friend was eternally grateful. The overall group experience was very pleasant. The servers we're extremely attentive: there was always drinks and plates flowing. The seating situation couldve been better and the drinks a little cheaper. But hey, that's the price you pay when you bring hungry social alcoholics into a very nice soho tapas place. I def recommend this place for a group, for 4 ppl, for 2 ppl or even alone. Its just awesome.
