Okay, this is my 7th Yelp review in about 2 years, so you know when I write it has to be something. My fiancee took me here for my birthday dinner, the service was impeccable, they asked if we were sharing appetizers and automatically split the first dish into two and the second one presented on one dish so that we can easily share it, very thoughtful. It's something easy to achieve but I haven't experienced that in many restaurants. For starters, we ordered the scallops and duck meatballs. The duck meatballs were good, but the seared scallops were AMAZING, probably the best seared scallops I've ever had in my life, it was not overcooked like how most restaurants would cook it and it was marinated with just the right amount. It was glazed with a spinach puree, and I never thought I would make a comment like this for pureed or foamed food - it was awesome, all the flavors were perfectly balanced. Our main courses were the 3 little pigs and triggerfish. the 3 little pigs were basically a combo of berkshire pork tenderloin, crispy wild boar belly and hampshire pork booty pate. They were all great and the booty pate was just amazing and let me tell you why... the pate, yes the pate, I don't know what kind of crack they smeared on the pate, but the sweetness of the sauce and crunchy texture just blends so well with the pork and kimchi. Wait, I didn't mention that there was kimchi on top? Yeah, as a firm believer in traditional authentic recipes that stands the test of time, I always sneered at Asian fusion food, but am I so glad that I am wrong about the kimchi, it wasn't the typical out of the jar red kimchi you used to see in Korean restaurants, it was homemade, perfectly fresh and fermented. My fiancee had the triggerfish, aside from being fresh the flavors were also perfectly balanced with the Thai tom yum soup. Yes, another punch to this Asian fusion snob. Harold Dieterle is a genius not just because came up with an impressive menu, but the fact that he was able to perfectionize creative American cuisine with a hint of Asian flavor that naturally blends into a harmonious balance for your tongue.
