What is better than an AWESOME burger? Sharing the experience with not 1 but 2 sexy homegirls. MM HM. Of course, I had to UP that sexiness because there was a classy event afterwards so I came in like I was going to do some late night business meetings at a classy shindig. Perhaps, that is why the service was so "frequently", "pushy', "extra attentive" ? Who the hell knows... But people were attracted to this burger restaurant like cream in a Cronut... THEY'RE IN THERE! I really like the decor once you enter. From the outside it just seems like any restaurant you might find in that area aside from maybe outdoor seating which Umami Burger DOES NOT HAVE. You walk in and it is like a lounge vibe.   There are 2 floors as my homeslices and myself were there. We were being attended to by AT LEAST 3 different waiter(s)/waitress(s) throughout our stay. There was the guy who came to ask if we were ready to order the first time... The Latin watiress who came and asked us that same question a little later... repeat... And then the last time was the guy who brought out all the sauces that were available for the burgers. There were many variations of burgers you could have ordered all that ranged from $12-$15. They also have combo specials of chef's choice of burger, fries and a beer. It is a good deal but not being able to choose your own burger definitely dampens the incentive. *This is especially important if you are someone who have food allergies. *MAKE SURE YOU LET YOUR SERVER KNOW OF THIS BEFORE MAKING YOUR ORDER. I ordered the Greenbird which featured the free range turkey. The burger itself came with 2 soft yet firm buns with the signature "U" stamped on top of the top bun. The texture of both the bun and the meat was DIVINE. The flavor of the meat was subtle yet enhancing as the burger was both JUICY AND WELL DONE. That is hard to pull off so hats off to you guys! You can always tell when the meat is of a higher quality when you are able to slice it to share with friends without too much meat crumbling from the slice. There were 4 sauce options of which I will update later on the names but the 2 white sauces which I believe was some sort of chipotle mayo and the ranch sauce are ones to AVOID. I also had the pleasure of tasting my friends burgers. The 5 duck burger was definitely gamey but I happened to like gamey so it was a WIN-WIN for me. As far as the Truffle burger goes, I like the flavor but I'm not the biggest fan of truffles. I think if you do enjoy that flavor, this is the burger for YOU. The texture of my friend's burger was as good as my own burger. The meat was savory and the bun was on point. I ALWAYS appreciate when food are consistent all the way around the table. We also had a side of the Manly fries which consisted of cheese, bacon and extra slender fries. I liked it and the flavor was okay but I think the fries could have been bigger as I'm pretty sure we didn't ask for SLENDER FRIES. KEY NOTE :  I'm not sure if it was because that Umami Burger has a high turn over of clients that come in to eat but I got the feeling that we were being rushed. It went from order to eating in roughly 15-20 minutes. Followed by the watiress coming back and asking us if we would like anything else with check IN HAND... Followed by putting check down on table. Normally, I would brush this off especially at Chinese restaurants as we all know they don't have the best table manners in serving. BUT, I did find this little hubbub a bit unneccessary as it doesn't give me much option BUT to leave early. What if I wanted to get a cocktail to further enjoy the space or if we decided NOT to leave but order other things? No time to ponder means, no possibility of that. But from the food, service, and ambiance that I enjoyed tonight. 5 Stars is where they shall stay.
