I went here with family and family friends for dinner. First of all, it is a really amazing space. The high ceilings and cool wood paneling are very warm and welcoming. The bathrooms are also fantastic. Enough about the space - let's talk food. Ilili is tapas/small plates-style. They have a fairly extensive menu with plenty of options...veg, fish, meats, etc. We were a party of 6 and ordered about 10 different plates. They bring out a labne (Lebanese cream cheese) with fresh lavash on the house which was very tasty and a nice touch. The baba ghanouj made with roasted eggplant was some of the most flavorful baba ghanouj i've ever had. I guess I'll go through the other dishes I remember: -Pita: they brought lots of pita. it was all fresh and warm and puffy and delicious. -Baba ghanouj: mentioned above -Hommus: very smooth and lemony. it didn't knock my socks off, but it was very nice. -Sweetbreads (special): mmm. i love sweetbreads. these were very well prepared with a nice garlicky sauce and some pickled vegetables. very yummy. -Beef kebabs: made with filet mignon. perfectly cooked (medium rare) and nicely spiced. -Hamachi (or some other raw fish I can't remember the name of): also delicious. came with a nice spiced baba ghanouj that paired very well. -Mekanek (lamb sausages): these sausages were cute and delicious. nice and savory, meaty flavor balanced out the other lighter/more veg dishes. -Black cod: kinda bland, but cooked to perfection. came with some very nice roasted fennel that gave it a bit of a kick. -Moujadara (green lentil puree): also a little on the bland side, but served as a nice spread on which to put some mekaneks or beef kebab. -Chicken shish taouk: my sister always needs  to order a chicken dish (she's picky), and this one was decent. it seemed pretty standard, but the chicken was moist and flavorful. I feel like we may have ordered other dishes, but they are escaping me at the moment. We had a bottle of Malbec which was a decent value and relatively bold. The service was excellent - our waitress was very knowledgeable and clearly practiced her Arabic pronunciation. Overall, Ilili (yes, it is difficult to read/pronounce) is a nice choice. I would go back....but I didn't pay or see the bill, so I can't really comment on value. It seemed like it wasn't outrageous though. And the ambiance is really great....the bar was very cool too and seemed like a nice place to go for a drink and a snack or two.
