We came to Red Owl Tavern for brunch on a Saturday while visiting my friend in Philly. Our friend told us that their regular food isn't the best, so that could be the reason for some of the lower ratings? But, we went for brunch and had a fabulous experience!! Service - was impeccable. We had Samir as a server, and from the first moment he came over, he was super attentive, came by often enough without being overbearing to ask us what else he could do with us, get us drinks, etc. etc.  One friend and I did the bottomless bellinis and we didn't know about the end time and had decided to wait out more of the torrential downpour occurring outside and wanted another bottle of champagne. Samir let us know of the end time but said the juice would be out a little longer so went to see what he could do- he brought back another entire bottle of bubbly and 2 glasses for us to grab some juice to keep at our table. I hope other servers are like this here - going out of their way to ensure you have a good experience. Drinks - I had coffee and opted for the bottomless bellini option. Coffee was strong and delish and I loved the bellini bar. They bring a bottle of champagne to your table and then they have an area with the different juice/puree options - peach, pear, strawberry, and passion fruit. I loved the peach and pear options. Bottomless bellinis was 16 dollars per person and I definitely got my moneys worth and enjoyed it. Food - I got the huevos rancheros and it was DELICIOUS! It came in a cast iron skillet and all of the flavors blended together perfected. I definitely thought it was the tastiest item on the table, but the other girls enjoyed their meals as well - french toast (honestly, I've had better) and an omelet. If you're a fan of mexican-breakfast fare... I highly recommend the huevos rancheros! Overall, we had a wonderful experience and I would definitely go back if ever in philly for brunch. Not sure about the rest of the food, but I can definitely recommend this meal. My only gripe was that they offer bottomless bellinis, but you have a walk into the connected hotel to use the restroom (bellinis can run through you pretty fast!) - but hey - at least we got to see the gorgeous hotel and a beautiful bride on our way :)
