I've been to Huong Viet several times. The food is decent for a Vietnamese place, but the service ridiculously SLOW. Be prepared to be ignored, have dishes missing from your order, and just wait forever to eat. For awhile, this was tolerable. I understand this is a family-run joint. Staff is limited. However, two weeks ago I had an experience that made me get up in the middle of dinner with my family and LEAVE in the middle of service. It was just THAT bad. I've never left a restaurant in the middle of dinner due to poor service... I've waitressed for several years, and understand sh*t happens. But there is a first time for everything. The service was so slow, rude, and attitude-filled and we DID leave, and even paid for the food we didn't eat. To start off, we waited 5 minutes at the door. The waitress ignored us, so we sat ourselves. The owners' son did nothing while the waitress scrambled, and she understandably took 10 minutes to take a drink order (4 cups of tea, please). How hard is one pot of tea? I know not very, yet both servers disappeared for 10 minutes... I asked the owner at the counter if we could order dinner soon. The waitress finally came, we ordered apps & dinner. She took another 10 minutes to bring the tea, slammed a chipped teapot and 4 cups on the table, didn't say a word, and didn't pour the tea. When our appetizers came, one was the wrong order, so she took it back, but we didn't have appetizer plates or utensils? Nobody stopped over with plates... so I went up to the owner at the counter and said, "Just so you know, I usually like this place. This service is a little slow tonight, we've been waiting awhile, just so you're aware. I'm taking these appetizer plates from your side station. Please don't spit in our food." You think things would improve from there, right? I mean, I gave appropriate feedback to the manager when it could still make a difference, was looking forward to our pho, and I planned on leaving a good tip. Yet, somehow, it got worse! When we got our dinner, we got 3 of our 4 phos. My brother never got his. They didn't bring us spoons or the fixins' (where's my basil and bean sprouts?). After several minutes of nobody checking on our table, my sister asked for a pho spoon. The male server looked at her and snorted, "OH MY GOD!" He was really annoyed that she dare ask for a utensil to eat her dinner with. That's when it went down. My sister got mad, and she is usually very even-tempered. We realized that server insulted our youngest sister, and when someone insults her... the whole family gets mad. My brother stood up, and angrily confronted the waiter. We explained this was bad service, not only slow but straight up RUDE and negligent. The rest of my family walked out. I loitered and stated my disappointment. My family isn't cheap, we were walking out because we couldn't stand terrible customer service anymore. I tried to pay the tab, however the owner wouldn't let me. So we drove away, and then I realized... my iPhone was still on the table. Whoops. So we went back, I got my iPhone, and then I handed the Vietnamese owner a $50 bill and said, "This is to cover dinner. It's not that I don't want to pay for food, it's that we feel disrespected. Have a great night!" The guy did not want to keep the $50, and kept yelling, "Noooo!" But that was the best - because the worst thing you can do to an Asian person is shame them.   Long story short: Don't come to Huong Viet for Vietnamese food, unless you want to be insulted and ignored. Go to Binh Duong in Bloomfield, service is faster, people are friendlier, and food is better there.
