Ok, unfortunately I have to update this review in a very negative way.  I have been to this place about ten times in the past three years.  Usually I order pick up, a few times I have dined in.  They are a bit slow but never as bad as the last time I went two weeks ago.  I brought my boyfriend here and we received the worst service ever!  First of all we got here at 8 and were at the counter ready to order, and dine in.  The guy at the counter advised us we could sit down at a table and the waiter would take our order.  The waiter got to our table almost fifteen minutes later and took our order which was a small order of chicken with garlic sauce and a rib and chicken combo.  Now the place was steady but not super busy.  We waited thirty minutes and noticed everyone else who came in after us kept getting their food before us.  One of the delivery guys (younger guy with the hat) noticed we had been waiting awhile on his way out the door and told us he would check on our order.  This was extremely nice because we did not ask him to do this, and our waiter did not come to our table once to apologize for the delay!  The delivery guy told us the food will be ready in a few minutes.  Another fifteen minutes go by and still nothing.  At this point I am mad because no one else had the decency to update us on our food and some friends of the owner came in and were served within minutes!  Now we are hitting an hour and still no food!  Unfreakin believable..  So I go to the counter and ask what the hold up is.  The cook says hes sorry they are busy and the garlic chicken is taking long.  Why would it be taking so long??? Is the garlic sauce being flown in from PORTUGAL?  So I said ok fine.  Ten minutes later (1hr 5 mins) the food comes out!!  Two dishes that I always order, nothing fancy took an hour and five minutes!  Do you think they offered us a comp?  Of course not!  They apologized when we went to pay the bill for the delay.  I would have been ok if the waitor had acted like he gave a damn but he didn't!  I was still nice enough to leave a tip but will never go back!  There service is horrible!  I guess with all the good yelp reviews they have started slacking.  I will go to Tejo across the street.  They have good food too!  Another bad thing is every time I place a pick up order and ask for utensils and napkins they still don't put it!  The delivery guy is the only good employee here!
