I'm still unsure how I feel about here. I came here the other night and nothing really stood out as exceptional, but everything was pretty much solid. My boyfriend and I walked in on a Tuesday evening (no reservations) and were initially seated at the bar, until a table opened up and the servers moved us over.  We were both starving, so we were grateful for the salsa and homemade tortilla chips. We also ordered the Villalobos guac, with sea urchin, which didn't really stand out to me. The sea urchin was sparse and the two flavors didn't complement one another. I would have been find just ordering the class guac. For our entrees, we decided to order ALL of the tacos and sample the 9 between the 2 of us. Well, 8, since they were out of carnitas. Okay, so I'm only going to go through them quickly. Al Pastor de Pollo - Okay, not memorable. Typical chicken taco. Verduras - I am NOT a fan of the mushrooms. My least favorite. Carne Asada - So, this is INCREDIBLY spicy. BUT, I could not stop eating it. My mouth was burning and all I wanted to do was take another bite. The best steak taco I've had. Camarones - My second favorite. The shrimp was seasoned lightly and it was sooo refreshing to eat after the steak. Lengua - So, the beef tongue had an odd texture, but it was also really good. The highlight of this dish is easily the chipotle sauce. I'd put that on everything! Chorizo - The potatos added a nice crunch, but it wasn't memorable. It was a solid taco. Pulpo Asado - I love octopus everything. This was great - light and refreshing. The radish greens were a little big, but it was a great counterpart to the octopus. Obviously, we had to skip dessert. As much as I love chocolate, I couldn't bring myself to eat a chocolate dipped churro. I saw they had a great selection of drinks, but they're BYOB, so naturally, I bought my own. The service was pretty attentive. My water glass was constantly refilled (except, ironically, when my mouth was burning), but like the food, nothing too memorable.  I'll return, but it's not a restaurant worth bragging about. Not just yet.
