I cannot believe the positive reviews. So I am writing my first review to completely disagree with them. 1) I love ramen. I have eaten some very good ramen in this city. This is not good ramen. 2) When I went there, they had an amazing Brussels sprouts appetizer, which we gobbled down. Had more orders made. It was amazing. If there weren't so many five star reviews, I would give three for that alone. Because, well, that means there are good cooks in there. They just don't have the smokiest idea about ramen. Also the service is very good for such an informal place. It is in fact a decent restaurant. It just shouldn't be serving ramen. 3) My ramen was so bad, I couldn't finish the whole bowl. My companions almost finished theirs. We were all dissatisfied. 4) I did read another reviewer (Eleanore S.) that nails - the absence of dashi (or its under use to the point of non-existence) and the undercooked eggs are a clear sign of inferior ramen. However, I disagree with her on the saltyness of the brussel sprouts - its what the dish is, if you do not like that kind of salty, don't order it, but it was not "too salty" for the dish it is. To say it was salty is like ordering bacon and saying it was too porky and fatty. 5) Either most of you haven't had good ramen, which indeed can be had in NYC, or you are lying to yourselves because you overpaid for crap and want to feel like you didn't do a mistake. 6)Ramen is not a noddle soup. You do not compare it to a noodle soup. This was a decent if overpriced noodle soup.  Ramen is a particular way of cooking. It was absent here - two of the most critical elements of ramen were done incorrectly - the absense of dashi and the undercooked eggs. These affect the explosion of umami that is the basis of good ramen, and leaves you with a relatively flavorless, tea-like, soup. UPDATE: I ate yesterday (beautiful spring day made for walking) at ZuZu Ramen in Park Slope. Writing I review there, but THAT was ramen. And the apps were amazing too. If you are in the Prospect Heights/Park Slope area there is no reason to go to Chuko over ZuZu Ramen. The weird thing is that the reviews are the inverse of here. Really, people do not know what ramen is :/. (I never thought my first reviews in yelp were going to be about ramen, but that is how the dashi crumbled)
