You know how when you stay at a really nice hotel you become tempted to order in room service rather than go out to eat, just so you can be a fancy shmancy-pants?  You know the food's gonna be way overpriced and probably not that good, but there's just something so alluring about ordering room service just because you can.  And then of course the food arrives and you're disappointed and kick yourself for wasting the money when you could have had a real meal at a real restaurant in the heart of the real city of wherever you're visiting. Well, that's pretty much the experience I had at Room Service last week except worst.  Hotel room service usually comes with a smile; the restaurant Room Service came with major attitude.  And I hate major attitude, especially in a dining establishment. The food wasn't great to begin with, but the taste soured with each bite every time we had to interact with our haughty waitress and possibly non-English speaking busboy who never seemed to understand what we wanted.  Another major annoyance was the constant bumping of our chairs by the passing busboys and waitresses, with nary an apology or acknowledgment of inconvenience.  Honey, it's narrow but not THAT narrow when you take into account your size 0 frame.  If I sound bitchy it's a product of the environment at Room Service. This is one of the places where it's obvious they spent more time and money on the decor than in hiring a competent kitchen staff.  The condescending menu touts their food as "authentic" Thai, and even gives you a lesson in the proper, "authentic" way to eat Pad Thai, while also warning you that they will not tone down flavors to "suit the American taste".  Do you mean to tell me that authentic Thai cuisine undercooks their vegetables?  Because that squash in the pumpkin (really?) curry was still rock hard when I ate it.  And don't get me started on the two little scoops of rice that came with each entree - you're an ASIAN restaurant, don't skimp on the rice for god's sake! I'm sorry, but I've been to Thailand - twice - and never experienced such pretentiousness.  If anything, Thai people are the friendliest and most welcoming lot (next to the Filipinos of course!).  I guess Room Service wanted to stand out from all the other Thai restaurants along Ninth Avenue.  They wanted to play the loudest music, serve the most authentically mediocre food, and have the haughtiest wait staff.  They stand out all right - now I always know which Thai restaurant NOT to eat at in Hell's Kitchen.  Oh, and by the way, the centerpiece chandelier is not going to distract me enough from the unpleasant dining experience I had here. That's the last time I order Room Service when I could have had a real meal in a real restaurant.
