I don't understand why there seems to always be a wait to get a table here.  Unless you come before 6PM, expect a 20-30min wait.  Luckily, I was shown to a table immediately upon arriving a little after 6:30.  This is where the "Meh" begins... The service here definitely brings down the experience a little.  I was not offered any specials (the blackboard outside simply says "GUMBO!" as if that is even a definition in itself - there's TONS of variety of gumbo). And my so-so waffle chips and dip (this again did not stand out in any way for me - kind of similar to canned onion dip) was not accompanied with a napkin - while not exceptionally greasy, it might have been nice to wipe my fingers down from the little grease that did exist, or the dip that got on my fingers.  My Six Point Lager was from a can, but you could have provided me a glass to pour, or even just the OPTION to do so.  It seemed at times like maybe my waiter got charged for every word he said - simply arriving after my appetizer was cleared and standing silently.  I don't think the dude smiled once during my entire time there. The fried chicken was also so-so.  It's fried chicken.  It's not BAD, but I'm paying around $20 for 2 pieces, so I expect it NOT to be bad, but it doesn't stand out in my memory as something that I would intentionally go back there for.  Redhead is also cheap with the sides - pickled vegetables were less than 1/8 cup TOPS, and the baked beans (likewise lackluster - not particularly sweet, or smokey, or well - anything) were even less portioned (came in a high side ramekin but only about an inch worth of beans - i.e. 4 or 5 fork fulls).  You're serving FRIED CHICKEN - how about including some cornbread??  No starch/carbs on my plate at all. The bright part of my meal came when I was done (that is not a good thing) - my bill was accompanied with a cookie.  I like cookies, but not enough to make me need to come back and give this place a second chance.  If there's a wait to get in here, don't bother - you're not missing much.
