This place was perfect in every way. Here's why: My boyfriend is a chef who loves great food and hates pretension, so for his birthday I was looking for a place that served amazing, high-end food, without the attitude. I had heard of Bohemian and based on the reviews thought it would be ideal. When I called to make the reservation, I casually mentioned to the woman on the phone that it was for his birthday. I'm talking I slipped it into conversation and forgot about it, as though I was mentioning "I live in New York" or "I ate some eggs today". NBD. I hung up and didn't give it a second thought. When we got to the place there were still some open tables (we had an early rez), which was nice. The decor was super calming and the music of choice that evening was 60's folk: an interesting and somewhat refreshing juxtaposition with the Asian lounge atmosphere. We both got the tasting menu but started with an appetizer of Maine oysters. If you like oysters you must order them here. They were probably the best I've ever had. The tasting menu was well thought out and reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food ($58 per person). Everything raw was incredibly fresh, everything cooked was done to perfection. I would definitely go the route of the tasting menu if you want to get a good feel for what they have to offer. Everything was amazing, but the stand-outs for me were the short rib sashimi, the Branzino and the Wagyu beef slider. Oh my god. I'm not even really a steak/beef person but this was insanely good! I would eat those sliders every day if I could. After our meal, while we were finishing our sake when our waitress came up to us with a wooden plank with a little cup of salted caramel ice cream with a shortbread wafer, one lit candle in it, and the words "Happy Birthday" written in dark chocolate on the wood. It was the perfect end to the perfect meal. Everything about our time at Bohemian was unexpected and delightful, showing a true attention to detail. The service, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere. I will definitely be returning.
