Even though two of our party of four had been once last week and warned us against the place we decided to give them another shot. The decor is great and clearly the owners put a lot of thought into how they wanted the place to look...unfortunately they seemed to completely ignore how they wanted the place to run. The hostess was polite quoting us the wait and said they were holding back on seating until the kitchen was able to start putting food out again, so we went to get beer. There were five people at the bar and it took us ten minutes to be acknowledged and served. Food runners were coming out of the kitchen bellowing the names of the patrons whose food they had--loud and strange, we thought, when it would be a little nicer to number seats and not make your staff search for patrons, or your patrons listen to your staff yelling. I know it's supposed to be a crab shack and very casual, but with the prices they're asking a little more finesse is kind of necessary. The rest of the meal was normal considering the other yelp reviews...I just wanted to mention some things that haven't been discussed here yet. I get the self serve thing, really, but as a member of the hospitality industry when I see empty glasses and people searching for hot sauces at the back of other people's tables I want to help. If the wait staff has time to sit around the pos blowing off steam they have time to try and salvage a dining experience that left our four top so frustrated we left feeling ripped off, not taken care of and not appreciated for trying to support what should be a fantastic local business. They do not offer draft beer upstairs. No explanation was offered for this. We were told we could go down, order, pay and bring the beer back upstairs. I just want to understand why...we would have been a lot less surly about it if there were any reason at all given for the policy. When the bill came our clearly overwrought waitress tossed it down onto the table into the remnants of our dinner. Literally onto old food. It was the perfect ending to a meal where the service we received was exasperated at best and dismissive at worst, and we felt like our server was upset at us for being there and adding to her work load. We dined late, but I think the table you get at 9:45 deserve the same friendliness and consideration as a table at 7:00. It is called the hospitality industry for a reason. They refused to split our check evenly, citing a two card limit per table. Again, no explanation for this, just a refusal. I want this place to work but will probably not return even to enjoy beers and the incredible view because I don't want to support a place that treats paying customers without respect...I don't need anyone kissing my ass but I'd love to enjoy an evening with friendly service, well priced food and well executed dishes of which Brooklyn crab currently has none.
