I spent my birthday dinner here on a Tuesday night. My dinner date and I had been to Alla Spina for late night drinks and a quick bite to eat a short time ago and had a great time, so we agreed to try Amis. It was a great place for a nice, relaxing, delicious dinner during the week. It was a fairly busy night for a Tuesday, especially at the bar, but our two-person table was in a quiet enough area for us to have a conversation. It was a little too dark in there, after a pretty rich meal and about three glasses of red wine and a few cocktails, my date and I were both feeling quite sleepy. However, it was a pleasant crowd and some bonus points for having some awesome music playing the whole time we were there. Simply put: I'd come back here for the swordfish meatballs, and the swordfish meatballs alone. They're incredible. If they sold those swordfish meatballs in a take-out bucket a la KFC, I'd buy a bucket every week. All of the other food was quite delicious as well, but the meatballs won me over. Head over heels in love. The other food we ordered: Ricotta bruscetta, which was fabulously creamy and salty and peppery. The grilled bread that was served along with the little bowl of ricotta added a nice smokiness to a simple dish. Arancini with ragu and peas. I was very excited when I saw these on the menu. They were okay, nothing to really brag about, the meat was decent, the peas were a little overcooked, and the arancini balls were nicely fried, not greasy at all. Two pasta dishes, one was rotini with mushrooms and peas. the other, spaghetti with pork jowls and spring onions. I got very excited about the freshly made pasta and pork jowls. A little too excited and after about two bites, I felt incredibly full. The pasta was a nice al dente, not too heavy, nicely seasoned. The pork jowls were a great snap of salty, porky goodness but the real winner was the rotini with mushrooms and peas. It was the right pasta dish for the weather, nice and light, with a slight sweetness from the perfectly cooked peas. I could go on and on about peas, they were so fresh and buttery. A very nice compliment to the salty, meaty mushrooms. The mushrooms could have been a little less salty but overall it didn't distract from the dish. The drinks: A carafe of the house red: great deal! It was a great choice for us to start off the meal and sip between courses. It was a good wine, nothing too distracting from the overall meal but pleasant to drink throughout. We both had a cocktail with campari in it. His had rye whiskey and I believe blood orange. It was smaller but certainly more potent than my drink. I think my drink had bourbon and grapefruit in it. I'm not totally clear on what exactly it had but it was a great way to end a good birthday meal. I'd come back, not just for the swordfish meatballs, but for a nice dinner for a cute date or drinks with a small group of friends. I'd definitely recommend this place. The price is worth the amount and quality of food and drinks. The ambiance is pleasant and fun, not overly upscale where you feel uncomfortable.
