Came here for lunch the other day.  I'm a fan, but I think the food wasn't as good as previous times.  I knocked a star off for a hostess with some attitude, a creepy waitress and service that was ok at best. First, the food. We had 3 pizzas: Polpo, Margherita and Lombarda.  The octopus on the polpo was really yummy. The pizzas are good, but I didn't love the Lombarda as much as everyone sings its praises. I've had better egg pizza elsewhere and didn't really like the sausage. I didn't have it this time, but the Parma pizza is my fav. We also had 2 pastas: Chicken Liver Rigatoni - this is one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. I could not come to Osteria and not order this. I'm not a liver hater or lover in general, but this dish is just earthy and rich and feels indulgent. We also had the Robiola Francobolli or postage stamp ravioli, and while most of the table liked this, I did not. It felt like eating little pats of butter. I should say that I'm not a butter lover - I like it, but don't go crazy over it like many people do. If you are, like my siblings who loved this dish, this dish is probably for you. Not for my boyfriend and me though. And to round off the meal, we had 2 desserts, the polenta budino and a rhubard tart. The budino is something special. It is this creamy pudding that isn't too sweet. Perfect dessert for me. It's topped with a mousse and candied hazelnuts. This is another thing I could not come to Osteria without getting. We were literally scraping the dish to get every bit. I didn't love the tart - just too sweet. Ok, now that the good stuff is out of the way, on to the bad.  It was rainy, and when I walked in with my little sister, admittedly a little disheveled from the weather, the hostess was extremely rude and full of attitude. The restaurant was half empty, and she looked at us and very rudely asked if we had a reservation. I said I didn't think so, but I would double check with the rest of our party who wasn't there yet. I took a look at my phone and sent a text and a moment later told the hostess that we didn't have a reservation.  She just looked at us and didn't even say anything. After a few awkward minutes, another guy grabbed some menus and started walking to a table. It was obviously for us, and he seated us at  the table next to the hostess stand. It isn't a big deal (or at least shouldn't be), but it just put a sour note on the whole meal to have been treated poorly by this hostess, whose main component of her job is to be friendly and nice. Then on top of it, we had to sit there and watch her be super nice to all the older customers who came in after us. I'm guessing it's because we are relatively young compared to the other customers? Maybe she thought we wouldn't spend as much money? Idk, but it was annoying. Then, our waitress was a soft-talker, which doesn't seem to be a very good quality for a waitress. It made for some awkward interactions. Smaller gripe, but they never refilled my or my sister's ice teas or asked. They just left the empty glasses of ice on the table. All in all, Osteria is good.  This experience was worse than past experiences, food included.  Certain things are really yummy though. Maybe an off day? Maybe going downhill? Also an attitude readjustment for the hostess would help too.  Solid restaurant, but if this is the new Osteria, I think I might not bothering going way out of my way to get there. In general, I just think this place has been over-hyped.
