I had a decidedly mixed time at Benito One. I went in really wanting to like the food, as I just moved into Little Italy/Chinatown and I'm looking for neighborhood places to frequent. The price also isn't bad - $24.95 buys you a three course prix fixe dinner that you can easily share with a friend if you get a salad and aren't starving, as the first and second course are generously sized (we'll get to the third course later). However, the arrival of food was ridiculously slow. I mean, the slowest I've ever seen. And I've lived in Europe, in Mediterranean countries, where people like to take their time. This is what I thought it was at first, as the first and second courses took a while to arrive (way beyond usual NY speed and, even beyond the leisurely mid-western pace I saw in college). Where it really got ridiculous was the third course. We waited over 45 minutes between the time the second course was taken away (which was 10 minutes after actually finishing it...) and, the third course's arrival. At 20 minutes I wondered what was going on, at 30 minutes I got annoyed since we had already been there an hour and a half (yes, it's slow...) and, at 40 minutes I asked the waiter for the check. He seemed puzzled and, apologized, but still brought the food over 5-10 minutes later. To add insult to injury, in my entree of shrimp oreganto I had three measly shrimp. The owner came over and apologized and said some dishes, like the chicken scarparello a friend ordered, take a long time to cook. But come on, it was nearly and an hour and in every restaurant I've been to if a dish takes a long time to cook they tell you before (I've never heard of more than 25 minutes) and, start cooking the dish while you're eating your first course. The food itself was good. Not life changing as others have stated. It doesn't change my opinion too heavily that a lot of current Little Italy is tourist trap-ish. I've had better Italian at the same price elsewhere in the city (even Babbo is much more and, Otto is in the same range). We all liked the calamari marinara, which was fresh and chewy in a light marinara sauce - a refreshing change from the over fried versions you usually get. Salad was fine - nothing to write home about, as was the rigatoni bolognese and the gnochi. A friend's veal francese was good, as was another's chicken scarparello. However, getting three baby shrimp in a shrimp oreganato after waiting 45 minutes when multiple tables came and left sealed the deal and, I will not be returning. Maybe take out, if I'm really craving Italian.
