Decent wings at best if you like racist redneck bars.. So my fiance and I decided to go to Sharkey's for a second time as it seemed like an ok neighborhood bar. After an hour of being there we decided to put some money in the jukebox and play some 'rock' music. My fiances first pick was 'Psycho Killer' from the Talking Heads and no more than 30 seconds into the song one of the 'regulars'  pumps some $$ into the jukebox. Let's give a little more backround. So... The jukebox..  If you pay extra $$$ you can have your songs played immediately bumping anything else that was already queued to pay. Also, a little more background, my fiance has tattoos and has a bit of a 'rocker' look. Beforehand. no one bothered to play ANY music before her. So after her first song finishes for the next 30 minutes we were subjected to the worst 'new country' music on the planet. For the record there's nothing wrong with country as long as it's the good stuff (Hank Sr., johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, etc..) It was all too obvious someone didnt like 'our kind'. My fiance decided to play some more music after which the same redneck came right behind her to play more of 'their' crappy music. Don't get me wrong, everyone is entitled to listen to whatever they like but everyone should get their turn/dollars worth. On our way out, my fiance (without me knowing) decided to confront the redneck. She asked if he owned the placed to which he replied 'I might as well'. He said the 'guy next to him had made song requests'., to which she replied 'We work hard to go out one night a week for a few beers, some wings, and a few spins on the jukebox, I just wanted to hear a few songs'. His reply was 'I've never seen you here before!'. My fiances reply was 'Are you saying that you dont like my kind here? You dont like rocker chicks?' His reply was 'This is a country bar, I've never seen you here before.. Here.. Take your money back'.. She refused and said that it was disrespectful She gets to the car and tells me the story.. So i call the bar and ask for the owner and 'Maureen' gets on the phone. She remebered us as a 'nice couple' and says they've had problems with those two before and that they would get kicked out. She assures us that Sharkey's is a 'melting pot' and to come back for some drinks on the house another time. Knowing that she was 'full of it' we decided to go back and see if she made good on her word. Of course the rednecks were still there. So i called back and called her out on her BS and was told there are 2 sides to every story and that they offered the $$ for the jukebox incident, completely disregarding the profiling/racist crap. You'd think we were blacks in the south. Speaking of blacks, while we went back to see if the rednecks were kicked out we made friends with 2 black brothers who were apparently  turned away from the $.40 happy hour wings and charged full price (during happy hour) Now this might seem silly and trivial but it says a lot about the character of this establishment. I'd rather wipe my butt with my hard earned cash than pump it in to a racist/redneck business. On a side note.. If this is a 'country' bar, why have rock music in the jukebox?
