QUESTION:  Was the HYPE about how GREAT the blueberry pancakes are really true?  After eating there recently, the answer for me is YES! I had read enough reviews about the Clinton Street Baking Company to know to expect a LONG wait, so I wasn't freaked out about it.  My boyfriend and I went there on a Saturday morning and put our names on a wait list (the hostess told us it would be about a 90 minute wait when we arrived around 11am).  That was fine, we planned on just putting our names on the wait list and then checking out nearby shops. After more than an hour of shopping, we returned to the Clinton Street Baking Company and long story short we were seated almost within the originally-stated 90 minute wait period (which was fine).  Once we were seated the service was VERY QUICK and efficient and friendly. As we waited for the pancakes, we were a bit too hungry and were a LITTLE SKEPTICAL about how great could these blueberry pancakes really be?   Well, I was PLEASANTLY SURPRISED that they actually made THE BEST PANCAKES I EVER HAD.  It was a stack of 3 pancakes with a blueberry compote on top -- and the maple butter mixture was placed on the side in a separate small "cup."  (FYI even though it's "just" 3 pancakes, it is much more filling than you may think -- I came in STARVING and I was definitely FULL after eating the pancakes, along with a glass of skim milk). ABOUT THE PANCAKES:   they had a very SLIGHT crispness on the outside, and were fluffy with just the right amount of moisture on the inside (and they are THICK pancakes too).  And the FLAVOR was DELICIOUS -- absolutely a level better of flavor than any other pancake I've eaten.  It had a slight sweetness to them, but NOT too sweet - it was perfectly balanced.  I told my friends that these pancakes are basically a baker's version of how they think a restaurant should make pancakes. And the BLUEBERRY COMPOTE on top of the pancakes was soooo TASTY too.  It was also sweet but not overly so - they nailed it perfectly. As for the MAPLE BUTTER, well, personally I'm not a big fan of BUTTER in general on my pancakes...but I figured I would give their maple butter a try.  Since it was in a small "cup", I was able to dip small parts of my pancake in the maple butter.  It was pretty good, but again, since I'm not much into butter, I was not raving about the maple butter.  Actually the blueberry compote was enough by itself as a topping for the pancakes :) I HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING PANCAKES HERE -- just keep in mind that there may be a LONG WAIT (so just be prepared to put your name on a wait list and instead of waiting aimlessly for a long period of time, just go shopping at lots of interesting shops within a few blocks of the Clinton Street Baking Company).
