Wajima is an authentic place for basic Japanese food. If you know what you're getting into, you won't be disappointed at Wajima. Let me elaborate. The place is run by Japanese staff, which makes for great Japanese food but not so great on the service because their English leaves much to be desired. My waitress did not say a word to me, not sure because she was busy or she just didn't have anything to say to me in English. She just nods, with a frown on her face, but I got what I wanted, so I guess that was not too bad. Don't expect any service or kindness beyond the basics here - they are not very accommodating. Not good for kids, because kids needs a lot of accommodation. Anyway, you gotta give it to them when it comes to the quality of the food and the efficiency. I went during the lunch rush, without a reservation, and was seated in about 15-20 minutes (party of one), because they are extremely efficient, which you can be if you only have 3 items on the menu, which were the 3 different lunch sets they have. My food took 5 minutes to make. Most people sit down, eat their lunch, then leave, no fuss, does not take long to go through each customer. The ingredients were extremely fresh, perfectly prepared, delicious. Well-executed Japanese comfort food. I got the Sanmizen set. Chirashi was fresh, sushi rice was a bit heavy on the vinegar but not a dealbreaker. Tempura shrimp was nice a crispy, with sauce already in the bowl. Miso soup was good, but nothing to write home about - I can make the same at home with fresh miso from a Japanese grocery store. The cold soba was delicious - the noodles had a nice texture, fresh, with delicious cold bonito broth. The highlight was the chawanmushi - the steamed egg. It was interesting - tiny bits of lemon peels gave it a refreshing kick. The soft-tofu-like fluffy texture means the eggs were cooked to perfection, with an amazing umami savoriness that makes me wonder how they make eggs so perfectly. Quite impressive. So, if you want a quick, delicious, brutally efficient basic Japanese food for lunch, Wajima is your place on the UES. $12.50 for the amount of food on the lunch set and its quality is really quite a steal and well worth it. Can't say the same for dinner - if it's the same food for double the price I probably won't be there, because that will be too expensive.
