Terrible service!  Casa Adela serves excellent food but the service was downright racist. I'm almost certain we were racially profiled for being WHITE.   I am far from that woman who thinks everyone is a racist or out to get me. I was born in east Harlem to a Jewish mother and Puerto Rican father. I brought a friend with me to eat  some authentic Puerto Rican food. Aside from my abuela, Casa Adela is pretty close to having the best rice and beans in Manhattan. You can imagine how excited I was to introduce my friend to an important part of my culture and heritage. When we sat down I was told by a female waitress that they didn't serve alcohol but I was welcomed to bring my own wine and beer. I went to the bodega on the corner and got a 6 pack of corona. I asked for a bottle opener and we began drinking. After we were served our delicious food, we had another waiter, a male, who kept pushing the check on us. He was very aggressive. It was obvious that he was rushing us out. Although the restaurant was busy, it was not crowded. No one was waiting for a table. After being accosted by our waiter for the 3rd time, my friend paid the check. When we went to open our last beer, we noticed the bottle opener was gone. I got up and asked our waiter for the bottle opener and immediately he said "YOUR TABLE IS CLOSED." We kept asking why--again no one was waiting for the table, if that was the case, we would have left without a problem.  We asked if we could finish our beer and if someone showed up wanting the table, we'd leave without hesitation.  He immediately said, no. He went on to say that since we paid our bill, the table was officially closed and we couldn't finish our LAST beer. We realized this was why he kept pushing the bill on us--we were drinking alcohol that they weren't making money on, so by rushing us out, they could clean the table and hopefully serve new customers. But again, there weren't any new customers waiting for the table!!! There were many other customers, all Hispanic, who were eating and drinking, taking their time and not once were they pushed to pay their bill or finish their food. The Hispanic couple next to us even said it was strange how we were being targeted. I'm almost certain that if I spoke Spanish or looked a certain way, perhaps more Hispanic, we wouldn't have been treated so poorly. It's 2013 and I live in NYC! I thought we were way past this kind of behavior. When I called this morning to speak with Adela and/or Adela's son, who I know to be very nice, our waiter answered. He wouldn't let me speak with anyone and immediately hung up on me.   Yes, the food is great. Walking into Casa Adela reminds me of being in my abuela's kitchen. However, the way my friend and I were treated, I will never go back. I strongly encourage anyone who eats here to ask about their alcohol policy BEFORE you sit down eat. Sadly I will never return to Casa Adela.
