Sunday lunch Group of 3 5 a la cart dishes (2 appetizers, 1 salad and 2 main dishes) Stick to Lunch special if you can come during the day. Avoid any salad especially mentioning of house signature. The dressings are just not there (band). What I liked (but not the best) from Lunch special was Pad See Ew with beef. Here are the review of lunch a la cart: Corn Spring Rolls ($3.20)  - I could enjoy more if the rolls were crunchy and had more sauce. 4 rolls were placed upward in a square cup and Thai sweet sauce was inside the cup already. Visually interesting but didn't work for freshly crispy fried rolls pushing into a small tight container created moisture and made the bottom of rolls mushy. Charcoal Flank Steak ($7.90) - Don't waist your money! Not worth it! The tasteless and toughest part of meat, Flank, was cooked medium-rare which made the meat significantly tougher and it was sliced thick making very hard to chew. The sauce on the side had no flavor or heat at all although menu says..."served with fiery crushed roasted jasmine rice sauce"...really? There was no heat in that watery dark sauce. Crispy Duck Salad ($7.90) - was better than other appetizers we ordered but for Thai, the dressing lucks sweet, sour and saltiness that Thai foods crave for. Bangkok Chicken Pumpkin Curry ($11.90)  - this dish was the best of what we ordered but it wasn't something coming back for. Peanut Sauce Fried Rice & Big Shrimp Satay ($15.20) - This money waisting dish was the worst of all! Do not order this dish. Tasteless and over cooked four shrimps had no taste. Then the brown color rice had no flavor....very bland!  Even adding two so called their signature peanut sauce & spicy chili lime sauce were joke and did't help the rice. The peanut sauce looked like peanut sauce but nothing taste like it but most of all, it was very bland and I didn't know what it was. The other sauce should be spicy and lemony but it wasn't. The tasteless rice with tasteless sauces didn't work obviously. I question of what the owner think of all that? This frustrated review is only because the space are beautiful. I wish the cute staff had been educated on simple Serving Etiquette. The black table after our meals were quiet mess but no one come to clear and clean the table but putting the dessert menu on that table was discussing. I say to myself...after all this is Asian restaurant but is it us (Asian)?
