Dinner at Barbuto in the Meatpacking District Friday, May 31st. Barbuto, New York, NY Food: Italian. barbutonyc.com Overall: 7.4/10 vs. restaurants priced $$$/5. Ambiance: Very Good. Food: Very Good. Service: Very Good. Wine/Drinks: Very Good. My rating scale: Exceptional, Very Good, Good, Ok, Needs Improvement, Terrible. Overall: I've dined several times at Barbuto, occasionally sitting at the chef's table in the back (which can be very hot temperature-wise). I had never given much thought to the food, but my latest visit made me think of Barbuto as a quality place to dine in a great location. I'd recommend Barbuto to anyone looking for a good meal in the heart of the Meat Packing district. Ambiance: Located in NYC's vibrant Meat Packing district, Barbuto is a great location for summer dining. Large garage-like doors open up the restaurant to the street cultivating an open, flowing feel. The tables are diner style, no table clothes here. Food: I have dined at Barbuto several times in the past and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food in the latest go around. For pasta, I suggest the orecchiette con calamari with point judith squid & chorizo. This dish was a great combination of spicy and tangy flavors, was good to share as the portion size was fairly large, was tossed in olive olive oil (no tomato or cream sauce), and the textures of the orecchiette, the chorizo and the squid complimented each other well. I followed the pasta with the maiale ai ferri - pork loin, rainbow chard & rhubarb mustard. Once again, the chef did a great job as the pork loin was very thick and maintained the juiciness throughout. I also had the striped bass - spigola ai ferri, with fennel, lemon & olives. The fish was good, but wasn't as incredible as the other dishes. I don't feel confident the food is consistently as good as it was on this visit and I need to go back again and have Barbuto prove its quality to me. Service: It's all you need in a place like this. The staff was attentive and courteous. Wine/Drinks: Very good selection of wines by the glass and by the bottle. Barbuto offers a good selection particularly for rosé's by the glass, which isn't common. I had a glass of the Lambrusco to start, which went very nicely with the orecchiette to start. The wine list is mostly Italian and is quite extensive offering some great selections at varying price points. JustAGuyThatLovesFood.bl…
