I dearly love Hagi. I've posted about it before, but only very briefly. I've actually been several times in the past months, but my bloggerly duties seem to fly out the window as soon as I sit down there and look at the expansive menu. You should know that Hagi is small. Really small. Also, it's not the easiest place to find in Times Square. It's entrance is confoundedly placed right next to another Japanese restaurant and is actually underground. Tricky! Hagi is so small that every time I go, it averages a forty minute wait. The good thing is that they take your cell phone number and call you when your table is ready so you can meander around Times Square or it's surroundings. Hagi is first and foremost a sake bar (duh, its an izakaya). I'm not the biggest sake fan but we always end up ordering a few bottles of the unfiltered sake, Sho Chiku Bai Nigori. It has a milder, milky taste compared to other traditional sakes. The menu here is so extensive because you're really meant to have small dishes to accompany you're drinks. We end up ordering a good smattering of the entire thing along with some of the daily specials like the ever-memorable, bacon fried rice. Since the dishes are small plates meant to be shared, your order comes out at a rapid fire pace. Please try to keep up. We ate: Karaage is a japanese style boneless, fried chicken. It's hot and crispy and sits on a long bed of thinly sliced onions and soaks in a puddle of a sweet soy sauce. We have never come to Hagi and not ordered this. A staple at izakayas, yakitori is a big deal here. You can order singles of beef, chicken, meatballs, chicken skins, whole garlic cloves, kobe beef, quail egg, gizzards etc. The garlic is especially good. In another culturally transcendent dish, they serve Korean style short ribs here. It's a very good interpretation. The marinade is a tad bit sweet and lacking in garlic, but it's wholly satisfying anyway. Served with insanely thin onion slices. Don't forget to eat the gristle surrounding the bones, it's the best part even if it sounds gross. Takoyaki. You guys know how I feel about takoyaki. I was still feeling the cravings from a few weeks ago, so I had to order more. It's definitely not as quality as Otafuku, but still awesome. Just a bit more squishy than necessary. Shumai, a Chinese dish, that is deep fried and served with Bulldog tonkatsu sauce and a tiny dab of hot mustard. This is for Jim, because I like to concentrate on the more uncommon dishes here. He loves the shumai here though. Fried shrimp with spicy mayo. This dish was so good that even Jim had to taste, and he equates eating seafood to cockroaches. He gave a huge thumbs up especially on the sauce. He didn't know, but it's a mixture of kewpie mayo, cod roe, and something devilishy spicy. The added bonus here is that it comes out lava hot, just like Kevin likes. Pork belly, garlic sprouts and bean sprouts. Hagi serves a good variety of large noodle/rice dishes like this (even though there isn't any noodle/rice in this one). The pork belly is soft and salty, the bean sprouts are crunchy and the garlic sprouts are sweet and tender. A real crowd pleaser. To finish off, I try to fit in a green tea ice cream. The ice cream here comes with huge mochi balls, but they were out or I got gypped big time. It was a good time had by all. If you venture a go, get ready for a wait that's worth it, a daunting amount of food and lots of drunk tables around you having a merry old time. Try everything. sidenote: this is not a family-friendly place, so you'll have to wait about seven years to try it Kev. TOO BAD.
