Decent food paired with friendly, but sometimes snarky service and long delivery times. My thoughts on various foods below, but special recognition must be given to the Pad Kee Mao with Shrimp (spicy basil noodle). Really, it's the reason I keep ordering from here! Appetizers: I enjoy the Curry Puffs, which are huge and filling and you need a friend or two to share with. The Avocado Summer Roll is usually solid and the Thai Mixed Chicken & Shrimp Dumplings are okay. Pass on the Green Dumplings with their way too thick skin, the Sesame Tofu with their bland taste, and the Corn Spring Rolls which don't inspire any commentary. Soups: I've only had the Thai Dumpling Woon-Sen Soup, but it's pretty good. Noodles: Pad Kee Mao with Shrimp!!!!! Pad Kee Mao with Shrimp!!!! Pad Kee Mao with Shrimp!!!! Okay, I also get it with tofu or just vegetables sometimes, but they actually give you big, juicy shrimp and the flavors just work really well. The Pad Thai and Pad See Euw pale in comparison. Really. Have the Pad Kee Mao once and you can never order one of the other two again. Other Entrees: Spicy Basil Fried Rice is pretty good. I think Room Service is just good at their basil dishes/foods with a slight kick. The curries are decent, though I'm far from a curry connoisseur. Sides: The Basil Eggplant is perfectly spicy (which means it might be too spicy for some) and the Steamed Bok Choy is well, steamed bok choy. Need to make sure you get some greens in with all of the noodles. Dessert: Love the Coconut and Thai Iced Tea ice cream. The thai iced tea actually tastes like the ice tea. The portions are big. The Chocolate Mousse Cake Slice isn't too chocolately, but it's chocolately enough and isn't something I would eat right after having spicy Thai food. The Cheesecake Slice with Lychee Ginger Sauce is different, but I prefer just normal graham crust cheesecake. The lunch special is also a pretty good deal, complete with an appetizer and a smaller sized entree that will fill you up! One of my favorite Hell's Kitchen Thai spots, as long as they keep serving Pad Kee Mao of course.
