In my never-ending quest to find the perfect Carnitas Tacos (see my last meal on earth), I was fortunate enough to stumble across El Fuego.  While unfortunately, they don't have Carnitas at all, I found a delightful treat in their hard-shell tacos-- I had Chicken and Chorizo tacos, and I've been there twice so far. FIRST IMPRESSIONS: El Fuego is discreetly nestled just up the block from Washington Square, in fact I'm surprised that I stumbled across it in the first place.  I would think it would be less than easy to just find El Fuego if you weren't looking for it, signage is not so prominent.  You walk in to see a fairly small, narrow layout, a massive line that can get sloppy sometimes (as in it lacks as formalized a process as Qdoba or Chipotle), and fresh, delicious Mexican food being served up in much the same way as the afforementioned chains.  You tell one of 3 or 4 servers what you would like on your food and they build it for you right there...it's not the best way in the world, but it works.  Oh yeah, and there's no outdoor seating, which they could totally benefit from, they really ought to do that soon. THE FOOD: Other reviews here claim some of the food is a little wet and messy...I LIKE THAT!  Hahaha, half the charm of Mexican food in my opinion is the cleanup job you get to do after you finish the main part off, almost like a second meal.  I thought the Chicken was pretty good, it didn't knock my socks off, Chorizo I don't usually eat, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I thought it was very good as well.  I would take El Fuego's tacos over Qdoba, but nothing beats Chipotle yet, except my Mom's special recipe!  They also feature a respectable beer offering, so you can enjoy a nice import from south of the border as well.  Their menu is run-of-the mill-- burritos, tacos, quesadillas.  That's about it...don't go there expecting some immersive experience, it's not authentic Mexican, it's Cali style Tex Mex...which I happen to love regardless.  Price-wise, it's a tad more expensive than other similar joints, but nothing to kill your wallet. THE SERVICE: Service is mostly attentive, although I am not 100% on the cleanliness of the whole operation...not that I have huge issues with that, but neatnicks might take issue with that.  Their ordering to process is relatively easy, although they could firm it up a bit (hey, at least it's not some exasperated worker calling numbers out, waiting for the absent-minded moron to come claim his grub by about the time it's reached room temperature). THE VERDICT: Seeing as how there isn't a Chipotle in Center City (yet...let's keep praying folks), I would happily go to El Fuego in the meantime, and I'd recommend it to lovers of American-style Mexican food.  I wouldn't recommend it to people worried about a messy meal, or who were looking for truly authentic Mexican experience.
