I simply love this place! My future in-laws live in nearby New Haven.  We were looking for a new place to have lunch one day and thankfully yelp helped us find this hidden gem.   Having spent the last decade in Florida, I became accustomed to good old southern home style soul food and copious amounts of sweet tea.  I left the south three years ago and it has taken this long to find soul food this good.   The restaurant is in a bit of what I would call an industrial "neighborhood".  Not being familiar with the area, I would have never found the place had it not been for the rave reviews on yelp.  We were the only ones in the dining room, perhaps just missing the lunch rush.  I noticed a buffet table set out with a bunch of trays.  Normally, I choose to order something off the menu since I don't trust how long food has been sitting out in some establishments.   I glanced at the printed menu and had trouble deciding what I wanted.  Everything sounded really good.  So I got up from the table to take a gander at what the buffet had to offer.  BAM!  In front of me were silver magical trays full of steaming huge portions of EVERYTHING I was torn between ordering.   In my head...."Wait a second...you are telling me I can choose from roasted chicken, fried chicken, smoked pulled pork, ribs, fried whiting, dirty rice, beans, candied sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, collard greens, green salad, and potato salad?  All I can eat?  For $10?  WHAT?!?!?" SOLD! I ate two full plates of everything listed above and washed it down with a delicious, mind you too sweet for some at my table but great for me, sweet tea.  Yeah, that's right...I ate like it was my last meal.  I had to undo a notch in my belt.  I barely ate for the rest of the day.  Didn't have to since lunch was so filling and satisfying.  Am I ashamed of it?  HELL NO. The chefs/ wait staff were super friendly.  My fiance wanted to try some red velvet cake, but they had sold out due to the holidays (I am writing this review well over a month after I ate there, and I am still salivating over it).  The chef told us that they'd have more cake the next day and we would get a slice on the house if we stopped by.  Very sweet of him to offer that.  We unfortunately didn't get to go back due to our travel plans, but I will definitely be going back the next time I visit the future in-laws.   DO YOUR BELLY AND MOUTH A FAVOR AND CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!!
