First time here and definitely won't be my last!   I came to New York on a business trip and really had no intent of going out to eat at any restaurants since I was only there for a couple of days. It was snowing while I was there so I had less intent to go anywhere outside of my hotel room. I had gotten out of my meeting and my hotel was only about 15 minutes walking distance from where my meeting was at so I decided to walk back. As I was walking back I looked across the street and noticed Boqueria. I decided to walk in and check it out considering I hadn't eaten all day.  Upon walking in I was greeting by a very cute hostess which was already a plus.  Lol.  I was seated right away and handed the menu. I had gotten there a little bit late (3pm) because upon sitting down she told me that they had just stopped serving lunch and the only thing they were serving were tapas. I was perfectly fine with that because who doesn't love some good tapas!  Lol.   Looking at the menu I decided to order the aged machengo cheese which is a hard sheeps milk cheese and the caña de cabra which is a soft goats milk cheese.  I loved both cheeses but I preferred the goats milk cheese better, I highly recommend it!  Along with that I also decided to order the 3 different meats they offered on the tapas menu. The Jamón Serrano which is a serrano ham that is aged 18 months. The fuet, which is a Catalan style pork sausage. And also the sobrasada which is a soft pork sausage.  All 3 of these meats were absolutely delicious. To accompany these wonderful items I ordered a grapefruit sangria which was absolutely refreshing despite the cold weather outside. The food was absolutely amazing and the service was as well. My waiter was very nice and attentive and very helpful when I would ask him about the items on the menu and recommendations when it came to the cheeses. My overall experience here was fantastic. Would I come here again?  Hell yes!  Would I recommend this place to anyone else?  Definitely!   Overall my dining experience there was a definite 5 out of 5 that's for sure. And with that being said I very much look forward to visiting the place again.
