Chewy, uneven knife cut noodles pan fried with chicken pieces and shrimp, golden fish ball soup with hand pulled noodles, and steamed chicken & vegetable dumplings comprised our Sunday feast for two. Food was very cheap - about $13.75 plus tip for enough food for three people. I've made pasta noodles by hand before and there is something satisfying and tasty knowing that yours were just made. Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles is across the street from the Chinatown US Post Office on the inconspicuous Doyer Street. If the shopping mood strikes before you get to the shop, there are many cheap produce and pashmina stands on the walk from the subway station to the restaurant. There are also women who offer you counterfeit purses and DVDs. The restaurant makes up for its inexpensive prices with volume - the small space was packed with tables and patrons. The waitress was very nice and answered my questions patiently - which I take to be a rarity in Chinatown. The small girl maneuvered rather deftly between the tables with large bowls of soup and plates of noodles. The table next to ours ordered two dozen pan fried dumplings which looked delicious. Ours was steamed (healthier) but after looking at theirs I questioned my decision. The dumplings were tasty and gingery and went perfectly with the sauce. The golden fish balls were how I expected they would taste and not the strongest part of the dish. The broth was very good with the leafy vegetables. The waitress recommended we add chili oil and that added a bit more flavor. To be honest I could not tell the difference between the hand pulled noodles and other noodles I've had in the past - although my dining companion said they were very good. My favorite part was the knife cut, or "knife peeled" pan-fried noodles tossed with chopped bok choy, chicken pieces and shrimp. I enjoyed the uneven noodles and knowing they were carefully cut by hand rather than pressed by a machine. Went great with Sriracha (oh Sriracha is there anything you can't do?). I would definitely take visitors and can't wait to try more of what Chinatown has to offer.
