love this place, eat there at least once a week. I would give a 5 star for the food but I am deducting because of the following reasons: 1. The prices are a little high compared to other pizza places in the area. 2. Sometimes the square thin crust is hit or miss (not as good when it's thicker however when its paper thin, especially with the margherita or buffalo chicken pizza, its amazing). 3. The cookies they sell are the absolute worst, most disgusting, always burnt on the bottom, overpriced chocolate chip cookies I've ever had. 4. the fried items that I've had there are not that great. Calamari is basically all breading and you can tell it comes from the freezer. Fries are greasty The mozzarella sticks are homemade but always super greasy and the breading has a weird taste, I can't describe it, but the few times I've ordered them (I tend to give things a second chance in case it was bad day, bad cook etc) and I pick off the breading and eat the cheese lol. Salads are always good especially the breaded chicken cutlet. The Caesar salad is your basic takeout caesar salad (grated parmesan cheese, container of romaine lettuce, croutons and dressing) but I would recommend the shrimp salad, arugula salad as well as the greek salad over the caesar. They make their own bread, its like a pita bread, I get cheesesteaks time to time and it's decent but the bread throws off the "philly cheesesteak" essence. The rustica and thin square cheese are also great. I've gotten the regular slices but nothing to write home about. If you go there in the mid afternoon (2 pm-4 pm), there tends to be a bunch of high school kids that are semi-loitering which is sort of annoying but that's just a personal annoyance lol. They recently added more desserts and the Tiramisu is UNBELIEVABLY good. It's like $5 bucks for a slice which again, is high but it is delicious. Delivery is also hit or miss (I live just a few streets over and sometimes it takes 30 minutes and sometimes it takes over an hour, just depends how busy they are I guess.) Overall I'm a huge fan of this place.
