I liked it well enough. Went for lunch on a Friday because I work in the area and I'm leaving my job so I wanted to hit up a few places before I move to my new job in another part of the city. We were a party of three and didn't have to wait to get seated at around 12:45pm. We got: * Rotisserie duck over rice set with one side (rotisserie potatoes) - $20. * Steamed pork buns - $10. * Broadbent ham that comes with a coffee mayo dipping sauce - $11. * Broccoli salad with smoked bluefish vinaigrette, crispy duck skin - $5. That order was more than enough food for 3 people and at $20 bucks each after tax and tip I wasn't sweating the bill. For me, the best thing was the rotisserie duck over rice.  I liked it wrapped with a piece of the chive pancake and some watercress leaves with some of the spicy sauces on the table.  I found the duck to be less fatty, less gamey and less greasy than what I've had in Chinatown but tasty enough for me.  I'd go back for the duck over rice set but not so sure about the rest.  I also thought the rice tasted great.  It probably was cooked with duck rotisserie fat and also had hints of herbs and spices from the fat.  I wished they had given more than one chive pancake, though. For me the most underwhelming dish was the Broadbent Ham.  I didn't want to get the ham but a person in our party "isn't crazy about duck" but then proceeded to eat a lot of duck and say how great it was after making me switch the order from duck buns to the ham.  The Broadbent Ham is prosciutto with a coffee mayo side.  The dipping sauce is interesting but the dish didn't really fit with the rest of the meal for me.  Maybe growing up with an Italian mother and how we served prosciutto as an antipasta before Italian meals makes me biased. The fingerling potatoes were tasty and cooked perfectly with crispy, burned parts and a soft inside.  Also some herbs in there and like everything else here probably cooked in duck rotisserie fat drippings.  They were about as good as potatoes can get. The broccoli salad was also tasty.  Served cold with bacon bit like duck skin bits and a light, fishy mayo.  Good. The pork buns were fatty, indulgent and tasty if you're into that kind of thing.  Not sure I'd get them again since I'm just not crazy about pork buns that are so fatty and also at that price.  Would try the duck buns next time which are $7. Not surprisingly, the Chinese guy in our party didn't like it.  He also didn't like Mission Chinese when we were in San Francisco.  I think he most enjoyed the prosciutto which he added sriracha sauce to, which totally weirded me out.
