I loveeee cheesesteaks haha - I am not originally from NY OR Philly (the irony haha) but so what - my taste buds are legit. In my quest for good ass cheesesteaks - I came across Shortys in the Financial District & since I work in Battery Park and me & my coworkers are pretty much all foodies - it is a perfect set up. Actually, my first time ordering there, we spent damn near 100 bucks (I prob should upload those pics right?). We've pretty much tried everything on the menu - from the Veggie Combo Sandwich to the Chicken Cutlet Special to the Roast Pork Cheesesteak to the basic ass Cheesesteak - all solid choices.  I can say the Italian Fries and the Yuengling Rings....OMG...so good...you got to eat them out the fryer though to maximize the goodness hahaha but so serious. Also, very random, I like the hot peppers - lol - there's a bit to them that you don't taste immediately - it adds, i feel, a different element to the sandwich as a whole - it's good. So obviously this review is not about the food. It's about the business side of the restaurant. So let's set the scene. Shortys is in the Financial District - I'm looking at this Yelp site & they must have recently gotten this "online ordering" - but up until recently, you couldn't order but if you go to the physical store. I would dedicate my hour's lunch to shoot over to the Financial District from Battery Park to get everybody's order (at my office). This last time, it took me 45 minutes to get the order from Financial District, but unfortunately when my colleague went to bite his sandwich, he bit on a piece of glass in the sandwich. It was uber small but it hurt like hell - and really? glass? We reached out to the manager, Adam, who gave us this spill that I feel a lot of restaurants try to bullshit their customers with- that is, you won't get refunded, unless we bring the food, receipt and the thing you found in the food. The basis for this, at least as conveyed by this particular manager, is because they can't otherwise distinguish who's lying versus being truthful. & I believe it's also a control to retain more money (short-sighted tactic, if this is the case) as most people are not trying to go back to a restaurant to prove how THE RESTAURANT f*cked up. So this was my situation haha -  I JUST had spent my entire lunch transporting glass-ridden cheesesteaks - excuse my sarcasm but damn & no sir. Even still, I understood the manager's concern but to go back to the store was unreasonable to me so instead I offered to send an email with a picture of the receipt, sandwich, and glass. I also asked him to take time to consider the evidence and at least email me back with what he decided on how to proceed. I hope I got the wrong damn email address from Adam - because about a week and a half later - I still have not heard from him. Ultimately, I just wanted to document on a public platform my particular situation - like if all that happens from me writing this, is a couple of laughs, then cool. But how ironic is it that Shortys, in my opinion, conducted bad business and they're located in the Business Utopia (Financial District) of, at least, America. People trying to get over on restaurants is not unique to NY or is it a new phenomenon. From my perspective, being an auditor IN business, design better controls. Customers who ARE true and loyal should NEVER be subjected to the rules and consequences of the bullshitters. Ever. It's crazy because now that everything IS cool & really, the sandwich was only 9 bucks - so who's crying over that, but NOW, my colleague, humorously, is almost comparing this to some sort of red badge of courage - like "I survived" but seriously, if you think about the reach he has and the reach the people he tells have (he is already senior management)-  like that could potentially impact Shorty's future business. So that's all I have - no more Shorty's for me :( but there's some good alternatives - I'm not "boo-hoo-ing" too hard.
