i have a love-hate relationship with this restaurant. here's the rationale: -love: the tempura green beans. they are downright divine in every single way. i don't like anything ranch, but when it comes to dipping these in that delicious little cup of ranch dressing, all of the world's problems melt out of my mind, and i'm left with happy little calories and saturated fats filling my soul with joy. -hate: those damn tempura green beans. seriously the biggest waste of calories in the world. i never eat anything like that in my daily life. why is it that i allow myself to indulge in them every single time i walk through the doors of this restaurant? -love: the tomato soup with the delicious cheddar crouton on top. the soup comes out piping hot with the cheese melted all across the surface. i savor that little crouton until the end, only allowing myself little bits of it as it falls into the soup below in every bite. then finally, at the end, with three-four indulgent spoonfuls, i gobble it up while sopping up all of the remaining soup left in the bowl. the texture of the tomato puree is perfect and delightfully just spicy enough to elevate it above anything you can find in the store and make at home. -hate: that damn cheddar crouton on that tomato soup. next to those damn tempura green beans this is the most unhealthy thing i could ever be putting in to my body, but i can't help myself every single time. seriously cannot come here all that often. now, fun aside, this place does have seriously good food. and who doesn't love the fact that you get complimentary sparkling water at your table in cute little bottles throughout the entire meal. i tell you, that's another way in to my heart. i think the only thing that makes this a four out of five stars for me is the prices. for some reason, the food doesn't warrant the prices in my mind. it's just every day american comfort food in the end. while it is quite tasty, you're not paying for a chef who is pushing the boundaries of culinary exploration.
