I pass by this place constantly, but never really noticed it because of the blue and white eye sore across the street-you'll know what I mean once you see it...).  My husband was on a quest to find a nice, low key place to take me, and he stumbled upon some good info and reviews about Market Table.  The hubby done good. Starting out, the wait staff was excellent.  They really brought their A game on every level.  Funny, entertaining, knew what they were talking about when it came to the food and drink, and friendly.  Not only were they doing their job, but they were going above and beyond.  Plus, they never made us feel rushed and really made me feel like I could just hang all night if I wanted to. The ambiance was great-especially on a clear, and warm Sunday evening.  Huge picturesque windows, pecky cypress ceiling details, a beautiful little flowering tree in the front by the hostess station, and just an all around good vibe, and nice ambient music.  It was a pretty restaurant to be part of for the evening. The food was on point and translated so nicely from what the menu said to what we received.  It was what I expected, but with a fun and unique unexpected twist.  For appetizers we had a plate of raw oysters, and peeky toe crab over honeydew gazpacho- so flavorful and fun with really great all around balance.  For entrees the Lamb T-Bone, which was awesome, and the blue cheese potatoes that accompanied-something to write home about.  We also had the pork tenderloin wrapped with pancetta which was equally as good, so tender it melted in your mouth with just the right crunch and perfect flavor of pancetta.  The desserts were amazing...I actually had no intentions on even getting dessert here, and then we got two!  Creme fraiche panna cotta (how do you turn that down????) and pineapple rhubarb upside down cake with homemade mascarpone gelato.  Wowzers were they both phenomenal!!!  We couldn't get enough of them, I thought one of us was surely going to lick the plates clean!! The pricing was good for what we ordered-sure the oysters certainly knock the price up quite a bit, and the wine selection isn't cheap, but it was good and complimented the meal very well.  I would definitely recommend for a date, low key celebration, or a really nice and charming place to bring the family for a lovely dinner with impeccable service.
