I grew up three blocks from this place, spent a good 18 years in the neighborhood, and saw Geno's go through quite a few changes during that time.  Recently, since about 1999 if that is recent, the place has suffered a barrage of bad publicity, bad stocking choices, and bad management changes that has spiraled not only the image that Geno's spent so long building, but the quality of product and service. Look - here's the deal - you are in South Philly.  Regardless of how gentrified or diversified you think the area has gotten, you are still in South Philly.  Many generations have grown-up and still live in the same neighborhood, street, and even house as the ones before (both brother and father still on same street and even brother now living in father's birth house).  The South Philly Italian culture is very different than most people from more worldly and exposed regions may be accustom to and it tends to grate them the wrong way or espouse an emetic feeling from their deep suppressed nethermost region. Geno's, not unlike most things and people from Philadelphia, are over criticized and not appreciated for what it is.  Note much in Philly has some ulterior motive or purpose, or tries to cater towards a specific demographic.  It is, truly, just what it is.  Geno's grew up around the Italian market which was a place immigrants went during the 30s and 40s to obtain cheap, poor quality, food during the post-depression era.  Once the yuppies (of which I admit I have grown into) moved into the area, they tried to make it a high-end outdoor Dean and DeLuca ... it isn't that, and you shouldn't be surprised if the locals get a little ticked off when they see their neighborhood grocery store or for that matter steak place start to change.  I remember going here as a kid and getting a steak sandwhich being surrounded by all people I knew from the neighborhood.  We used to go after school sometimes and it would be all Catholic school kids from around the area.  It wasn't until Oprah got a hold of this place, and the roaring 90's took foot, that the almighty dollar drew in more tourists and outsiders.  Most tourists would just settle on grabbing a steak from Oliveri's or on South Street rather than venture down to "Pass-shunk" (not Pas-e-yunk even if that is how you pronounce it). Bottom line - it's South Philly ... if you are coming here for sightseeing and a steak, don't you want the full experience?  If you have ever been to Italy, in particular the "real" northern industrial towns of Italy (Torino, Milano, Verona, Bologna) then you know, as I do, that South Philly is about as Italian as you can get, and Geno's is a close second.  The attitude is part of our culture, accept it or grab a steak from a tourist trap on Independence Mall. That said --- whew, nice rant huh, the steaks are OK and nothing special ... I prefer actually Jim's on South.
