I am baffled at the lack of good Mexican restaurants in New Jersey!   My boyfriend and I are big Mexican food fans - we went to Mexico for the first time in July and loved it so much that we are going back next week!   Authentic Mexican food is very flavorful with onions, cilantro, garlic, sofrito, and very importantly, lime. Tortillas are corn and should be grilled to bring out their best flavor. We have been to every Mexican restaurant from South Orange through Montclair, to Gillette - each time leaving disappointed - where is the flavor?!? We long to enjoy a Mexican meal and leave eager to return. My ten year old son and my boyfriend and I were reluctant to go to Pasion de Mexico after all it used to be Mexican Mikes which lacked flavor. Since Pasion de Mexico did not change it's decor since Mexican Mike's we were afraid that the owners just changed the name and that the food would be as boring and bland as the first and last time that we went. Boy were we wrong! The menu is vast and offers such standards as burritos, tacos, quesadillas, fajitas, enchiladas, soups and salads. They also offer classic Mexican dishes such as molcajete, alambre, and choriqueso We started with the guacamole & chips, salsa & chips and the chicken and potato empanadas (they were out of the beef empanadas). The guacamole was buttery with the right amount of tomatoes, onion, lime and salt - it could have used more cilantro The salsa was authentic - more pureed than chopped with the right amount of spice and minimal heat. The chips were made to order and were served piping hot. The empanadas were great - the chicken was tender, flavorful and plenty was stuffed into the five inch pastry that were fried to golden perfection. The potato was fluffy and not bland or starchy. For dinner we had the chicken tinga burrito, the fish tacos and the carne asada & chorizo tacos. The chicken tinga was a healthy portion of chicken roasted with tomatoes, garlic, onion, chipotle sauce in an eight inch wrap with cilantro lime rice, black beans, lettuce, cheese and sour cream. It was above average in spice/heat, as noted on the menu, so those sensitive order the regular chicken burrito. The tacos are grilled corn tortillas and four come in an order. The fish tacos contained a  nice amount of sauteed tilapia, lettuce and pico de gallo The carne asada & chorizo tacos - were an issue with the chef as only four of the same are allowed.   The chorizo was authentic and grilled to perfection.   The carne asada was a little dry but tasty.   All tacos come with a side of salsa. The chef should allow customers to choose their four tacos - chicken, ground beef, carne asada, veggie, chorizo, pork chop, and/or chicken tinga. A tasting of four different tacos could encourage people to try something new. The tacos could use more cilantro and should be served with a wedge of lime. Our total bill as $45 and we left with leftovers for lunch tomorrow. We welcome Pasion de Mexico with joy, thank them for their culinary capabilities and and look forward to returning real soon!
