Decided to go pick up some Chinese Take-out last night from Golden River and  remembered reading reviews about this cool place named Just Jake's that is just around the corner.  I decided to stop by and grab a quick beer and see what the place was like and scout it out as a future gathering spot.  I walk in and go directly to the bar.  Definitely looks like a place I would enjoy.  Bartenders appear busy talking, so while waiting I take out my cellphone and place a quick phone order with Golden River.  Eight minutes later, I get a call back from Golden River that my order is ready and I still haven't had a Just Jake's employee acknowledge I am there.  Keep in mind, there were four Just Jake's employees that appeared to be a mix of waitresses and bartenders and only eight patrons besides me in the bar.  Three of the staff were actively engaged in a discussion with each other never turning their heads.  The fourth was at the other end of the bar talking to two patrons and at least her head swiveled between the two of them.  The patrons all appeared to be content even though none were helped while I was there so it isn't like they were busy and overlooked me.  Since 3 of the employees were behind the bar, I have to believe at least one of them was authorized to pour a drink or at least on behalf of Just Jake's welcome me and apologize for whatever delay was preventing them from doing so.  I'm 6'2" so it wasn't able to sneak in unnoticed and several patrons turned to look as I entered.  I was at the center of a bar that had nobody else standing at it so I wasn't lost in a crowd or waiting in line.  In fact I was the only one that moved from their spot during the time I was there.  So is eight minutes a long time to wait to get served?  Absolutely not -- I would have been perfectly fine with it knowing they were actively help other patrons or at least indicating they saw I was there and would be right there to serve.  It seemed absurd that Golden River could take my order, prepare and package a complete takeout dinner, and call me regarding its readiness, while at the same time I couldn't get one of the four employees (barely out numbered by the patrons) to indicate they saw me much less fill a glass with liquid.  If you are looking to save money on a night out, it appears Just Jake's is a good choice.
