Talk about gems, and definitely not hidden, with the cool bouncer in the front, just be prepared for a party inside! I knew on this night, both me and my dear wanted a 'happening' place to drink and enjoy the night, it is New York afterall, and there should be a ton of places we could just walk into, but someone decided to do her homework on this one and we came here. I didn't even see the words "Employees Only", I only saw in a fashionable font EO on the front of this place. We got to the door, didn't see much except a charming funny bouncer as we ended up chatting with him and he said he couldn't let us in just yet.... until he saw our ID. His name was Robert and he was chatting with my dear and also two more ladies that just happen to want in on the action of this place. You know there is some love of this place when the guy has the EO font logo tattooed to his arm, ok, what are we walking into here? We had some jokes outside, some pictures taken, we were ready now for some drinks! There are no windows that show you the party that is going on inside, it's all covered and like a private club, the feel gets intense before you walk in. As Robert lets you pass to the set of doors wishing you a great time, you come across a fortune teller before you go through the veil covering the main room. You don't need a foturne teller to tell you that your going to have an awesome time in here, so we decided to walk in, and like turning on a tv and seeing a picture, this was a whole uncovered party. The sight of a sea of people cramming this small narrow space trying to get their money down to get another drink was the scene. I was able to at least see right to the bar, and the bartenders there were wearing white coats (sort of like doctors prescribing the right brew to you!) and dishing their magic, playing up to the crowd with their Tom Cruise cocktail tricks, one even posed for me as he saw me snapping up shots of the bar! Now these guys know what is going around, and have total control of the racks and racks of booze that is behind them and to keep the crowd wanting more! It was only 10pm, obviously people who come here like to let loose early, it was hard to get from one place to another, let alone the back wall right to the bar. Somehow my sweetie was able to squeeze her small frame through all the people, get to the bar, and carry some drinks back to the little section I was occupying. She brought back a Mai Tai and something called a Fraise Sauvage. I thought we were just going to take in the crowd and drink with the masses, but my dear had other plans, and that was to try their eats! On the back side of this place there actually are some tables, how you get to those tables is by wanting food, so she found one of the people working here and we got a table for two. This backroom was packed with couples, groups and people all eating.. but also noticing that everyone had a drink not too far from their hands, you are away from the crowd... but you still see them and feel that vibe eminating from it. We ended up ordering more booze (YES!) and a braised octopus salad and bone marrow poppers (whoa, what is that). The menu had a bunch of cool items, like beef tatare, gnocchi, hen, let's just say when I come back to NYC, I'm going to be back to try some other dishes, but let's get to what was devoured. We were given some rye bread to start, with some butter, beside a small candlelight awaiting our next plate. The octopus was nice, bouncy tender, fresh, not overly cooked and rubbery like some cheap ass Japanese restaurant serving something that has been in the fridge a little too long. How can I describe it, like some (it taste like chicken) fresh, just cooked to perfection meat alongside some beautiful greens, lightly sauced, for a little shine. Coming from a dinner already, we were full, but we kept on eating, and then the bone marrow poppers came out. We ordered one extra one, cause the normal dish has only 3 (recommended by the server, nice job!). These things came out, small, circular, pastry like, delicate, pure evil. They were light in weight put packed a punch, from the pastry itself sheilding the caramilized onions on the bottom, to raising the bone marrow like a crown on top, somehow this combination worked and I was already worried about finishing the last one cause I wanted to savour it. This place has some wicked cocktails, with more than 3 shelves worth of excellent booze that these master of mix can work with, they were crafted at perfection. The three we had were tasty in all it's essence, and packed a punch that creeps on you when you least expect it, not for me... but for my dear you could tell it was affecting her.. ahem... walking straight abilities! I wish I entered this place earlier during my trip, and not at the end, so I would be able to go again. The vibe and energy is something you see in the movies, but it's all real and it's here! I will be back!
