I chose this place for my anniversary dinner last night because the other reviewers had been pretty clear that the food was excellent. The service and decor got mixed reviews, but that was OK--I just wanted a really delicious meal. When I called to make a reservation, the host was really sweet. I mentioned that it was my anniversary and asked if he expected it to be really busy that night and therefore rushed. We wanted to make sure we'd be welcome to stay for 2 hours or so. He said it would be no problem at all. When we got there, I found the decor to be absolutely perfect--not swanky like Mantra, but not cheesy either. Sort of homespun, with traditional wall hangings etc. And it smelled GREAT. We were told to sit anywhere we liked and were immediately attended to with drinks and papadum. We asked for some cranberry juice to mix with the vodka we'd brought, and were given a huge glass of it and a huge glass of ice. For appetizers, we got the non-veg Chatni special platter and it was amazing. The flavors were all mixed and it was fairly spicy--I couldn't tell what meat was what, but it didn't matter. We also got the Chicken Momo which is a generous portion of delicate minced-filling dumplings, and was served with a really yummy sauce. My husband ordered the vegetable kofta and upon the first bite, his eyes rolled back so far that I was actually worried for a moment. He doesn't usually react so dramatically to flavors in food! When I tried it, I too was knocked out. The taste, the texture, everything was incredible. And so was my Chatni Special Biryani, which I had ordered with goat and lamb because the waiter mentioned that we can select whatever meats we'd like in it. The spice level was perfect, the meat was plentiful, the texture was perfect. They gave us raita and chili sauce on the side, which we used with our entrees as well as the sweet naan and the garlic naan. (The sweet naan had cherries and nuts in it and is beyond delicious; the garlic naan had a perfect, buttery, toasted-garlicky character). Knowing it was our anniversary, the waiter also served us a special dessert featuring mango ice cream, a creamy rosewater frozen confection and a round chewy, syrupy sweet that was absolute heaven. I can't even describe it. While I've never been to the subcontinent itself, I've eaten a lot of Indian food in my 42 years. I don't live in Montclair, or even Essex County, but this is my go-to place from now on. Stop in for lunch or dinner--you'll love it too!!!
