I live and work in the same neighborhood and building as these owners. I've seen the building go up all fall, winter, spring, and couldn't have been more excited when Brooklyn Crab was finally open. I think the idea of a crab shack out here on the waterfront is genius. Also, I have a six year old daughter, so the idea of having a local place to serve kid friendly food and entertainment just put the place over the top in my mind.   Well, our daughter's birthday was Friday, so I thought perfect! We'll take her here for her celebration. Not a party, just family. A table for 4. We get there at 6pm to avoid the inevitable crush. A tabletop is open in the closed seating area near the bar and we sit down. The bar is not crowded at this point, but it still takes the bartenders fifteen minutes to even acknowledge her existence and another ten minutes to get drinks because the bar doesn't have anything available. Every time we try to order something we are told they are o\out of it. I start to feel bad for the bar because the night is young and the bar is only going to get busier. We place our order with the bartender and WAIT. And WAIT. And WAIT. Nothing comes out of the kitchen. I may be crazy, but isn't deep fried, steamed, and cold food the easiest and fastest food to prepare - EVER?! I know the owners have children so surely they realize that keeping a six year old entertained for an hour waiting on fried calamari isn't easy. The prices were way higher than I expected. I've never been to a shack with prices this high in my life. Maybe in Monaco? I don't know too many families that will shell out $150+ for food on a regular basis. I have never left a restaurant so hungry. Probably because after an hour and a half, half our food order still hadn't arrived. We asked repeatedly where it was and told it was coming and to be patient. Giving a new restaurant a little slack is understood, so we did. Finally a manager told us our order was never entered and it would be another two hours before we saw the rest of our order. As a consolation, she brought us a single Miller HIgh Life?!!! Seriously, this is how you make amends? There really wasn't any amount of contrition in her attitude. it was much more like 'What do you expect?" I don't expect I will ever return. It's a shame as I had assumed  would be there two/three times a week forever. Since it's location is so close to me and the concept is awesome. Maybe I'll give it another chance sometime this winter.
