I saw a profile of the White Dog on the PBS show e-squared. As a fan of local growing, slow food, and organic ingredients, I insisted on going there on a trip to Philly from DC. The experience was good+, just shy of great. ACCESS There's street and garage parking nearby, but as this is in the heart of UPenn, Drexel, and Children's Hospital, be prepared to pay. LOCATION / DECOR The decor is wonderful, ranging from the full-bloom flower boxes (in May) to the hand-painted lintels on the roof held up by (faux) wrought-iron finnels. Large, cozy bar inside. Many separate seating areas and private rooms on two floors add an eclectic mood to the place (and it's obviously 1 or 2 old converted brownstones, so the funky architecture adds to the experience). A lot of warm, welcoming wood and glass. Outdoor seating is in the front on a gently-used alley and separated from sidewalk traffic by more faux wrought iron fencing. Comfortable and spacious. I could do without the wall-to-wall murals of crapping dogs that are in the bathroom and look like they were painted by a team of 2nd graders. SERVICE The service at the bar was great if a half-notch over the top ("Yes, sir! No, sir! That's a local beer, sir!"). The 'tender let me sample one of the Philly microbrews and sold me on the Yard's Brawler. He then kindly transferred our bill to our table after a seat became available...a small, but welcome convenience. The waitress was a little harried, but competent and nice. I asked to see a dinner menu (at lunch...just to see what else they offered), but never got it; not a big deal just one of those things. FOOD The food was good. My wife and I are vegetarian and knew WDC wasn't a veggie only place (responsible/organic/local, but not veggie) and so were disappointed when 1 out of 3 veggie lunch options were out. Food is on the slightly pricey side, with one of the other 3 options being a full entre plate of tofu and stir-fried veggies for $13...more than I want to pay for lunch, even for organic. Very nitpicky: My wife's veggie wrap (good) came with a side-salad of garden greens. It was passable, not inspired (3 grape tomatoes cut in half on top, no nuts/seeds, no cheese), but the dressing was a balsamic vinaigrette. Okay, I'm a snob, but you can make this stuff by the gallon and it's completely unremarkable. I would expect a restaurant like the WDC to offer a few clever spins on these old standby's: how about an atypical dressing, a cracker or bread at the start of the meal, a finisher of some kind? When you're good people know it, but when you're unique, people remember.
