I wanted to LOVE this place, and I may give myself more opportunities to do so next time I'm in Brooklyn. Handsome interior: lovely wood, soaring ceilings, imaginative and cleanly-designed tables and lighting, and exposed brick. There's also an exciting drink menu that inspires confidence in the know-how of the staff. But no matter how hot your date, the luster of their beauty is surely a bit dulled if they keep you waiting too long the first time you meet. Especially if its long enough to make you wonder if you've been stood up. We sprinted (literally) into the Counting Room during a torrential flash-flooding storm. Due to the urban monsoon, as well as the early(ish) hour, our party of four were the only customers in the entire place. This was made more obvious considering the vastness of the space. We had plans to move on to the Radegast Biergarten after grabbing one or two drinks here, but we had no desire to rush back out into wet-t-shirt-contest weather and I could tell this was a place I could happily settle into for a while. I wanted something substantial in my belly before having a drink so I selected a panini from the menu and tried sips of my friends' delicious cocktails in the meantime, exciting my palette to order my own. However, as 15, 25, 30 minutes passed, we were still the only customers, I was still without any food (my friends were on to their second round), and the storm was subsiding, reigniting everyone's motivation to walk to the nearby beer garden.   My sandwich came approximately 35-40 minutes after I'd ordered it, at which point I felt rushed to eat it so that we could move on (one of our party had already left ahead of us to meet up with another group at Radegast). I felt like a real drag, and I did not end up ordering a drink for the same reason. Then, when settling my check, they informed me of the $20 card minimum. My sandwich cost less than that (fortunately, but unfortunately). So basically, The Counting Room seduced me, but then made me wait far too long, denying me the pleasure of the full experience of its company. I'd be open to getting to know it better, but there are so many alluring options in the neighborhood that it's difficult to justify a second date any time soon.
