Lemme say first how much I love this place. Been going here for years, I've brought loads of friends here too. But I'm saddened to report that I'm 80% certain I saw the main cook spit on someone's quesadilla, and the other cook knowingly serve it to someone. Here's the rundown of what I VERY strongly believe I saw: I was with a group of friends, seated at a table just before the steps to the farthest-back area where the kitchen is. I was seated in such a way that I could see up into the kitchen. While a friend was telling a story, I saw the two cooks in my peripheral vision. I shifted my attention in time to see the shorter, Hispanic cook, presenting the tall, African-American cook with a quesadilla. He was holding it in a strange position so that it was very close to the other cook, like up against his torso. The taller one took a quick glance around, then blew hard out of his mouth in such a way to propel a mist of spit onto the quesadilla (top lip over bottom lip, so it was directed downward at the food). The shorter cook grinned after this very odd-looking, stealthy mouth motion and exited the kitchen to deliver the quesadilla. He went past our table and towards the front of the establishment, where I lost track of him. If I didn't see a dude spit on a quesadilla, what did I just see?! I'm not the kind of person who's paranoid about this stuff, and I only had a single drink - not enough to imagine stuff that's gonna ruin my fave burger place. :( I can only hope that the quesadilla's intended customer was perhaps the bartender, who I've heard make racist and insensitive remarks recently (mocking the death of Eric Garner and Michael Brown - which was a turn-off already, but not enough to sacrifice my fave burgers for), and I could see that as a decent motivation for the African-American and Hispanic cooks to retaliate against him, but that still doesn't excuse contaminating food. I'm very torn about ever going back there again, because GODDAMNIT those burgers are stupid-good. Their nachos are some of the best I've had. And I always thought the cooks looked like friendly folks who wouldn't be the kind of guys to ever contaminate their awesome food. I don't know if I'll be able to set aside my grossed-out-ness to go back to my favorite burger joint now :( I've brought upwards of 10 friends here recently and now I have it on my conscience that I brought them to a place that spits on peoples' food, great. I almost wish I was sitting somewhere else that night just so I wouldn't have seen that shit and wouldn't know any better. I'm mildly devastated about this.
