I have found my home away from home bar here in Philly. And its name is Good Dog. I actually think I spend more time here than I do at home. Which is easy to do because I live only 2 blocks away. Granted I have only been to a few bars since I moved here a month ago. But this one is definitely my favorite. Where to start....hmmmn. I'll start with the food. Their baked mac n cheese is amazing. Seriously. The top is a cornflake crust and it is brilliant. The portion is large and you get a huge piece of blueberry cornbread along with it. I have never had blueberry cornbread, and I am now in love. I have also had their sweet potato/ regular french fries mixture and its really good too. Don't get the large though because it's literally enough to feed a small country. The fries come with a tasty orange dip. Prices are good here as well and the portions are large. Next onto drinks. There are a lot of beer choices to choose from, both in bottle and on tap. You can get a large can of PBR for 3 dollars. Can't go wrong with that, especially in these hard times! lol. They have a wide array of hard alcohol and the drinks are reasonably priced and strong! The bartenders are quick and know what they are doing. And they are fun to watch when they give crap back to the douche-bag drunks that sometimes come in. The bar itself is 3 levels. The first level having a huge bar to sit at as well as several booths. There is also a digital jukebox, so you are bound to hear anything from "Lady in Red" followed by Johnny Cash, followed by "Once in a Lifetime"...the jukebox takes credit cards as well and there is also an ATM at the back of the bar. The downstairs fills up quickly, so get there early especially on weekends. The second level has a smaller bar and a bunch of tables. Its a bit more quaint and good for having dinner and drinks. The 3rd floor is like a grown ups play room. lots of games and whatnot. The decor is a million pictures of dogs framed up on the walls, but of course! Lighting is low, which is nice because no one wants to drink with bright spotlights on them. The crowd is really mixed. All types and all ages. Definitely a great place to people watch. There are a bunch of parking lots/garages nearby, and the subway is close to there as well. So head out to Good Dog for a fun night with your friends. Or by yourself. I'm not ashamed to admit I sometimes drink alone. LOL Woof.
