I am actually a fairly big fan of Marco Iuliano.  This is the man behind this place, Ovest, Little Luzzo's, and of course Luzzo's.  The man has a bread-baking background and knows how to make pizza.  Unlike a lot of his fellow napoletana who have come to NY, he hasn't turned his nose up at the NY pizzeria tradition: he's embraced it.  He even has a slice joint and one of the last old school coal ovens in his mini-empire.  With high quality ingredients he uses, all of his pizza is a real treat.  So when I heard about Da Mikele opening (the name is a play on one of Naples' most famous pizzerias), I went pretty quick.  The pizza here is essentially a grandma pie that he calls a 'quadrata'.  This is the same pizza that Michele's own grandma used to make him when he was a boy, and also the very pie that got him hooked on pizza.  You have to love and respect a story like that.  And while Da Mikele did fall a bit short of my expectations, it does make some seriously good pizza. For starters, we got 2 orders of Frittura Mista.  The fried calamari and shrimp were very well done with baby shrimp and squid used and a flavorful tomato sauce, but the plates wasn't quite enough to share between 4 the 5 of us.  For the pizza, we got a large Bufala and a large Da Mikele.  They were both good and made with high quality ingredients, but nothing stuck out that much to me.  The crust in particular I expected more from.  While the texture of it was dead on, I felt it lacked a bit of flavor and bready.character.  The bufala used great ingredients but was a bit sparse on some toppings, with the tomatoes dominating.  The Da Mikele tasted like a bunch of great toppings on a decent crust, but I didn't get much synergy.  This was very odd, as this synergy and balance of ingredients is one of the reasons I always loved this owner's places. Given what I experienced.and the owner's body of work, I would certainly give this place another shot.  I could tell things might be a bit off, as the service was uneven as well.  I don't go down to Tribeca often so that hasn't happened yet, but it will eventually.  Until then, I would still reccomend Da Mikele at least to those living or around in the area.
