If "hands down" weren't such a cliché, I'd say that Cosmi's has hands down the best cheese steaks in town. Seriously, they're good. I never understood the mystique around Philly cheese steaks, let alone why a city would identify itself so thoroughly with something that can be made anywhere, with ingredients that one can find anywhere. Then again, I've never lived anywhere outside the East Coast, so what do I know? I know that I'm not a fan of Pat's, which is only a few blocks away from me, and I wouldn't piss on Geno's if it were on fire. Cosmi's, on the other hand, has a variety of cheese steaks, wonderfully prepared, and served on a Sarcone's roll if you want the larger sized sandwiches, and an equally fresh and yummy hoagie roll for the regular-sized hoagies. My favorite cheese steak is the Cheese Steak Diavalo, made with horse radish cheese and is thoroughly integrated into the finely chopped steak, making for one hell of a hot and tasty cheese steak sandwich. Lately I've also been getting the Chicken Cutlet Soprano sandwich, which is equally superb, especially with some bacon, broccoli rabe and sharp provolone, though you can get regular provolone and spinach on it instead. Speaking of bacon, their egg sandwiches are something I often look forward to when waking up in the morning. I'm usually not one to ask for cheese and bacon with my eggs, but the way they prepare it make me wonder how I ever lived without them in my egg sandwiches. Since it's right down the block from me, I also go there for the San Benedetto beverages made in Italy, like the orange and lemon sodas, as well as green, lemon, and peach teas.  They also have spumoni! I hadn't even seen spumoni since I was a little boy spending summers in Bensonhurst, so that was a welcome sight, and a delicious addition to my obviously healthy diet. Everyone who works there has always been super friendly, making me all the happy that they are a staple in my immediate neighborhood, along with Termini's down the block. I'm a lazy ass who should cook for himself more often than I do, so in the meantime, I'm happy to call Cosmi's my go-to spot for breakfast and dinner, and sometimes lunch, though not brunch...not yet, that is...
