I am definitely not a fan of this place and I will definitely not be back (to the one in Hell's Kitchen at least). I know that the original Ippudo is hyped up so much there is a two-hour wait. When I heard that there was a new one that opened up in Midtown West with no wait, I was pretty excited as it was close to my sister's apartment and I am obsessed with ramen. I went on Sunday around noon to the new Ippudo and was stoked to try it because I've heard good things. Being a Sunday, there are obviously people who go and are incredibly tired or hungover. I was one of the tired ones (not hungover) and I was starving, so I did not want to deal with any frustrations at that time. We had a party of nine since we went for someone's birthday, and they did not have any tables to accommodate all of us, although they could have easily pushed two tables together. There were about four hostesses standing there. I'm not sure why they need that many employees to seat people, but they all had incredibly stank faces. I became incredibly annoyed with their strict traditional policies. Our party had to split up into a group of five and four. Every single one of us was in the restaurant, but one of the girls went to the bathroom (and the hostess knew this) and they rudely said they would not seat us until we were all there. We also saw another group of guys go into the restaurant and the hostess would not let them bring in a juice bottle. I am not sure what annoyed me so much but I just felt like the hostesses were being incredibly pretentious and irritating over something so trivial. I already got a bad impression before sitting down. All of the employees also shout at the same time a welcome phrase in Japanese, which was unnecessary and kind of annoying. When we sat down, we ordered the pork buns. I won't lie, they were pretty darn good, but maybe it was because I was starving. I think they were overpriced though. It was $9 for an order of two. I got the karaka ramen, which is spicy. I like my food/soups served extremely hot. The issue with this restaurant is that since they are trying to be "traditional" they serve the food one-by-one. Since I got my ramen first, I had to wait for them to bring the rest of the ramens out for everyone else, and they were kind of slow. By the time everyone got their ramen, my ramen wasn't that hot anymore. I felt like I was sitting there waiting for 5 minutes before I could actually start eating. My friend said that the extra egg (additional $2) was "life-changing" so I got that, and it honestly just tasted like a hard-boiled egg. The soup was okay, but the spiciness kind of negates the flavor, and the noodles flat out sucked. I don't know how to describe the noodles but they just tasted like any thin Asian noodles that you can get in Chinatown. For dessert we got the Lady M cake, which was $12. I find it sad that they serve dessert that is not actually created by their own restaurant? The Lady M cake is from a bakery store in the UES. Ippudo also charges a lot for the tiny slice they gave us. Our bill came out to about 35$ a person, which I find ridiculous for eating at a Ramen restaurant. I feel like I would have had a much better experience eating chicken and rice on the street than ever coming back here. In the end I will never go back (unless someone else pays for it). I get that they're trying to be cute by being very traditional, but times have changed for a reason... get with the 21st century.
