DEAL ALERT: TURISTA MENU $35 FOR 4 COURSES! "HALLELUJAH IT'S LIKE RESTAURANT WEEK ALL DAY, ERR'DAY" If you're looking for a small, cozy, lively atmosphere, authentic italian restaurant that is at the same time affordable for the average college student. This is ZE place. Hop on the bandwagon, and get your bang for the buck. Order the Turista Menu. Not Kidding. It includes: 1. Appetizer 2. Pasta 3. Entree 4. Dessert It's basically restaurant week but WAY better because restaurant week dishes are typically dumbed down, watered down selections. We came as a party of 5 so make a reservation at least a week ahead of time because on a friday night the place gets packed like sardines. My Appetizer Seafood lovers must order the Cozze. An appetizer where mussels are bathed in red/white wine. It is absolutely delicious and fresh! My Pasta A very happy lasagna with a sunny side egg on top that just melts into a unified goodness. This is a unique dish. And I loved it. Enjoyed every mouthful of it. My Entree For an extra $5 I got the whole roasted fish. IT is worth it and the fish comes in fresh everyday! Yum, tum, tum. Battle of Desserts! Because we were a party of 5 and there were 5 dessert choices we got the dessert sampler which included the nutella crepe, tiramisu, cheesecake, pumpkin pudding and brownie. It was the ultimate battle of desserts!!  A feast of sweet, savory flavors on a single plate. Unfortunately the tiramisu was no match against its other tasty opponents. It came out last because it was too fluffy and it basically felt like you were eating cream. The champions of the night was a close tie between the cheesecake and the pumpkin pudding. Personally, the cheesecake was the winner for me. The waiter was awfully good at describing every dish to its most idealized state with the use of mouth-watering imagery. I think my selections for the turista menu were the best because some of the other dishes my friends ordered, like the ravioli (pasta) and the veal (entree), were not very filling and portion size paled in comparison to mine. But that's just me. Cheers to Modo Mio!
