Stumbled upon this cute little burger joint with a fairly good review while spending a lazy sunday out in Soho with friends. It's become a norm for me to check the yelp reviews a place has before going in, and so I did. Oh wow, 4 stars with hundreds of reviews! Mustn't be that bad. But let me share my experiences with you. 1. So we went in at around 5 and there was fairly less people so we got a table immediately. As we happily settled down, the waitress (she's one of those waitresses with an everlasting b**** face and who hates her job) glides over and tells us to squeeze together because she may or may not need to other customers on the teeny tiny bench. We look at her and the various shopping bags we brought in and say, "Can we move when people actually come?" She glares, "Just squeeze together." Okay, chill, we will squeeze. 2. Then the food took FOREVER. Seriously, 45 minutes. If not because us friends had a lot to talk about since we haven't met up for a while, any other sane person would have left. 45 minutes for a freakin burger? What is the chef doing, killing the cow or growing the lettuce from scratch in that insanely small space they call a kitchen at the back?! 3. Okay the food was alright IMO. The burger is good minus the greasiness, and I liked having flatbread as the bun. 4. Check came and the waitress added the tip herself. HERSELF. So all that's left is for us to give out cash, it's like she wants us out, fast. I don't mind though because believe me, I want to leave as well. So by that time, we've spent around 3 hours at the crammed space and we're desperate to get out, so we decided not to waste the energy to shout over the really loud music to complain about this. IN A NUTSHELL: b****face waitress ruined the experience and the food took wayyyy too long. Then the waitress decides to tip herself 15% for doing such a good job giving customers attitude. WHY. WHY would I want to spend money or eat here again. Methinks not. 1 star for their pretty decent burger though.
