My boyfriend and I had an early dinner here this evening for the first time.  Mutual friends have been telling us about this place for over a year, but for whatever reason, we just never made it there until today.   We arrived about 5:20 p.m. (on a Tuesday) and as a previous reviewer mentioned, there is no official hostess stand, so walking in, we looked around for a moment, until we saw someone dressed in normal (opposed to any sort of uniform) clothing, with menus and talking to a short line of people waiting to enter the main part of the restaurant.   That was the hostess.  She greeted us and was friendly and immediately took us into the restaurant area (waiting area is where the bar area is...which was completely full).  The hostess asked us if the table for 2 was OK...it was probably the worst table to be had...immediately inside the entrance to the dining area, where everyone walks by, and within steps from the kitchen.  Anyway, we were really hungry and aren't ones to make a fuss, so we accepted the table.   Our server quickly arrived to take our drink order.   I ordered a glass of pinot grigio and my bf ordered a bacardi and diet coke.   We looked over the menu (which is quite diverse) and our drinks arrived, as well as a basket of a small loaf of warm, white bread.   There is oil on the table (which I dipped the bread in), but it also comes with pads of butter.   The bread was pretty good!   My boyfriend and I were engaged in other conversation, so I never got around to asking him how his drink was, but it was served in a very tall glass, and my glass of wine was a generous pour. Shortly after we were seated (around 5:30 p.m. on a Tuesday, we overheard the hostess telling people there was a 20-30 minute wait!)   The place was packed!!   For appetizers, we ordered the Shrimp Maryanne and off of the specials menu, the bacon wrapped scallops.  I have to say that we were extremely impressed with both dishes.   After our appetizers, we enjoyed our conversation and both remarked that we could have been satisfied and full with just those.  However, I still had an entree of Shrimp Fra Diavolo coming, and my boyfriend an order of Lasagna and a side of sausage.   We hate feeling rushed with our meal, so it was a nice pace between our appetizers and entrees.  As we sipped our drinks after the appetizers, we looked at some of the entrees coming out of the kitchen, and the portions and plates were HUGE!!  The thin crust pizzas coming out looked amazing! Our entrees arrived, and my boyfriend ordered another glass of wine for me and a diet coke for himself.   We were equally impressed with our entrees as we were with appetizers.  Everything was extremely flavorful and fresh tasting.   I couldn't eat much of my entree, because I was already quite full from the appetizers, but our server brought me a take home container.   The menu is definitely diverse, and my boyfriend and I already have other things that we want to try on our next visit.  We will definitely be back!   Is this the place to go for an upscale or romantic evening??  Absolutely not!  The interior could certainly use an update, but it's a very nice, casual place to go to have a great meal.   All in all, our bill was around $86.00, which was very fair to us for what we had.  2 glasses of wine, a Bacardi & diet coke, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees.   Plus, I have lunch for tomorrow with my leftovers!   Would definitely recommend and we will be returning!
