I more than just like Bloomfieled Steakhouse (BSH). I'm there every few weeks. But as I write this I have to be realistic as to my reasons. I don't go because I like it, I go because I think, "I'd like a filet mignon and I want it done right." Then, I go there. I have rarely ordered anything else, but their fish is very good. (I order my mignon medium rare.) The service is dependable and friendly. I also like it because I am a person who dines alone and I'm able to do so in comfort. I feel comfortable even though I have never seen someone else eat alone like myself while I am there. I feel like BSH is a credit to Bloomfield. The ambiance is calming and homey. It's run by Nicole (and her dad I think, or at least he's a dependable adviser?) I don't really know, but it seems family run. I believe her sister waitresses as well. If you show up early on a Sunday you may catch Nicole chatting on the phone with her dad about something that is needed that week or on the phone with s supplier about something she's like to have on the menu that week. There is a fireplace in one of the dining rooms. I've only sat in that one. There is another room with more windows. I hear it can get a little chilly during the winter in there, but during the warm months it must be fine. They have outside dining which I hope to experience this coming summer. I've been coming to BST for over a year now. The Fettuccine Alfredo is very creamy. The salad before dinner is average. The Merlot is good and so is the Cabernet. My broccoli and/or cauliflower always come perfectly steamed! I had their German Chocolate Cake and I'm sorry to say it was just OK. Rather tasteless, I had to use the coconut icing with each bite to make it seem like anything. I also wish the warm rolls they served where a little something... more. (Perhaps offer a whole wheat or sweet roll instead?) I have had the stuffed mushrooms and will probably pass on those in the future. I recently tried their appetizer 'Oskar', I recommend it, it was yummy! The asparagus was perfectly done. If you should happen to get Nicole as your waitress you'll notice how she doesn't write a thing down, she's sharp and seems to be in the right line of business. All the staff is very friendly and helpful. I've never not wanted to return. Dress code is whatever you'd like for the most part. Patrons dine semi-formal, and clean denim is not uncommon at all. I recommend you try Bloomfield Steakhouse if you haven't already!
