I've eaten at a lot of places in Park Slope, so it's surprising I hadn't dined at Applewood before tonight. Now that I've tried it, I will definitely be back! The menu is seasonal and changes often, so I don't know how helpful my comments on the dishes I tried will be, but I'll mention them anyway. My party tried 3 appetizers: pan seared Rhode Island day boat scallops with toasted bulghur salad, brandied cherries, and honey soaked almonds; sauteed pork liver with herb spatzle, caramelized onions, and apple brandy jus; and the shaved red beet salad with toasted pistachios, pickled mustard seeds, and sorrel aioli. They were all excellent and fairly substantial (my table of 5 shared and we got kind of full before our entrees were served). Their house-made bread is also really good -- it comes with french butter, a garlic cream cheese spread, and a kind of lentil pate. The garlic cream cheese was great but the lentil spread was a little on the bland side. I had the grilled & braised pork entree with pine nut risotto and swiss chard (those aren't actually the sides it comes with, but the kitchen was very accommodating about substitutions). I also tasted the venison and veal from my companions' plates -- the veal was SO tender! All of their meat and seafood is from sustainable sources (most local) and hormone and antibiotic-free, and you can really taste the difference. Dessert wasn't really anything special, but it was fine. The servers were very attentive, but the food was a bit slow in coming out of the kitchen. Still, with the attention shown to the food, I can overlook it. Hunger is the best sauce, right? One more note - I'm a huge sucker for seasonal/specialty cocktails, and Applewood has a whole bunch of tempting ones. I tried two -- the charlie brown (empire apple-infused brandy, spiced pomegranate syrup, lime juice) and the berkshire bolero (berkshire "ragged mountain" rum, apricot-infused brandy, carpano antica, barbeito madeira, bitters). The Charlie Brown was my fave of the two - both sweet and spicy, almost like a modernized mulled wine. The other one was good too, but far more alcohol-y and didn't really go with my food (I should have chosen a more sippable option and saved this one as a digestif).
