Brought my mom here when she visited, since we were in the neighborhood and I saw good reviews. Was not disappointed! We did the prix fixe, which got us two appetizers, an entree, and a dessert per person for $42. Some of the entrees were more expensive at $47. Still, perfectly reasonable. None of us drank, which I think saved a pretty penny; the drink menu looked delish, but good lord it was pricey, and the strawberry basil tea was just fine, thank you very much. Food was incredible. The mezze were larger than I anticipated, which is always a treat. I highly recommend the sweet corn and haloumi! The hummus was mega creamy, the cucumber/leek rolls were crispy and salty, the falafel had a mega crunch to it. Everything was just wonderful. As for our entrees, we got the two vegetarian choices, and one meat dish. The vegetarian risotto was creamy and mega cheesy. Definitely more stick-to-your-ribs than one might expect, but still phenomenal. I did not partake of mom's lamb kebob, but she said it was splendid (I stole a tomato off her plate, and it definitely had a nice smokiness to it). But in my opinion, my gnocchi entree stole the show. I remember someone once describing gnocchi (in general) as "delicate little pillows" or something, and I've always been annoyed with that description, since gnocchi, in my experience, is chewy and leaden. But now, I understand. I know what gnocchi is supposed to taste like. This was a puffy, dreamy little entree of lightly toasted gnocchi, with a savory whipped cream sauce that just made you feel lighter with each bite. So. Darn. Good. The decor is very nice, albeit a lot of mirrors and curtains, which can make it annoying to navigate. I swear, even after being told by my companions that it was easy to get lost coming out of the bathroom, I still got lost. Also, bathrooms were pretty messy. I think this place is more casual than it would like to be. Just because it says "dressy" up there, don't think you can't get away with jeans. Service was wonderful. All the servers were very friendly and helpful, and they were able to seat us even though we were 40 minutes early for our reservation. I'm already thinking this place might go on the special request list for birthday and anniversary dinners. Just a wonderful experience all around.
