check out photo # 10. Being game fans, my husband and i headed here one night in January on the advice of friends who had heard but not partaken on the food here.   we were one of two tables in the place and were waited on by the bartender- a petite young woman.  My husband had a few of their beers- we were surprised they had so few  considering they labelled themselves a drinkery/pub. First thing to catch my eye was not any of the meats on the menu- but the 5 cases of meat from Wells ( a local specialty meat purveyor) sitting on the floor of the dining room.  This was at about 6 pm.  After our drinks were served and we had ordered i made mention of the cases to the Bartender/server- hoping that the kitchen was perhaps unaware of the delivery.  She replied that she would tell the kitchen.   when she came back  the message from the kitchen was that they knew and were getting to it. we should have left then.   BY now were were the only seated diners and remained so the rest of our meal. our food arrived- alligator sausage in a blanket with a whole grain mustard-  nice and buttery- best part of the meal.  Shepard's pie- we cant remember what type of meat it was but it was very greasy, needed salt and the mash were  lacking the two best parts of Shepard's pie topping- salt and the browned crunchy bits!  also had fried whiting with chips- grease bomb-  the batter was laden and dense and tasted like fryer. 20 minutes after we complained about the cases of meat, a dish washer came out and took two in to the place next to the bathrooms- throwing them loudly. the other three remained until we left.  twice more we made mention of the meat sitting out but no more action was taken. the bartender told me once that the kitchen was busy- we were the only table and your meat is ON THE FLOOR IN THE DINING ROOM FOR AT LEAST THE HOUR WE WERE THERE. Oversights can be forgiven when they happen occasionally- however given that both my husband and i had some gastrointestinal distress after this meal i doubt this was outside the norm.  Leaving proteins in the temp danger zone in front of the guests makes me wonder what goes on where we cant see!! we will absolutely not be going back and are advising friends to stay away!
