I'm a believer. I had never actually had a banh mi before. It was late morning and I hadn't yet eaten. Boyfriend kept insisting that I try one for breakfast since he was buying one for lunch. I, of course, was having none of this. I wanted coffee and donut-like things. We agreed that we'd stop at M. Saigon for his banh mi and then head to Starbucks for my sugar. Well, the place smelled delicious, even given my picky morning stomach. His banh mi only cost $3.25, which was quite impressive for the size of it. AND they had a tofu option. I was beginning to regret my decision. On the way out, he had me try a bite of the bread. WHOA my God, sold! Flaky, buttery, baked fresh that morning. "You know what?" I asked him, "I think I need one of those." He smiled knowingly. As did the girl behind the counter. I can count on one hand the amount of times I've had non-breakfast food for my first meal of the day. And oh boy, this was one of them. The thing is chock-full of pickled yummy (that's right, I said YUMMY) things. You can add chili peppers, which gives it a spicy kick, though I would have preferred a little more heat. It kind of faded by the fourth or so bite. The tofu was shredded and mixed with rice noodles. And did I mention the butter? Ohhh sweet garlic. We also had dinner here on a different night. The green curry, my all-time favorite, performed well. It was a bit too soupy for my liking, but made up for it with plenty of vegetables. How many times do you order a curry and rice dish to find that "veggies" apparently means Thai basil and bok choy only? Not the case here. There were carrots, broccoli, squash, etc. etc. I was pleased. I would have preferred it a bit spicier, however. I feel like they gave me White Girl spicy instead of Thai spicy. Oh well. Important point here: although the dish is a bit more expensive than what I've typically found in Sacramento, the price does not go up depending on the kind of meat (or meat substitute) that you order. This means that I was able to order prawns with my curry for the same price as the tofu would have been. Good news for me, bad news for you if you plan to order tofu or chicken. My companion's pho was a bit disappointing, however. The noodles resembled spaghetti just a little too closely. He had veggie broth so that I could try it, and had to do a great deal of doctoring to make it flavorful enough for his discerning palate. Overall, however, good times were had by all at M. Saigon. Burlington doesn't have a ton of ethnic food options, but I was pretty impressed by this one.
