We came here on the recommendation of a colleague who hosted an event at this location.  They posted some great pictures of the food so we said we'd try it out.   When we got in, the place wasn't half full - so immediately we just knew we'd get great service and quickly because they weren't overrun.   Clearly, we came in on a day that they may have been short a staff member or two.  The service was very slow.  As a result of being made to wait, I had enough time to observe a number of things I didn't like. My mimosa came to my table half full, but I observed someone on another table get one that was overflowing it's glass.  Another couple was quite vocal in their displeasure at being made to wait and also getting their order wrong.  One of the food handlers did not have on a hair net and she exited the establishment with the gloves she was using in the kitchen.... and returned with them on.    (Where in God's name did she go with those disposable gloves on and why couldn't she just... remove them?)   After waiting an hour - and don't get me wrong, when the waitress / cook (I have to assume this was Donna)  did come by, she offered many apologies about being short staffed and the wait (but didn't offer us anything FOR the wait - an extra drink, a piece of bread... nothing) - the shrimp and grits I ordered finally came.  It was warmish... and they cooked the shrimp in full shell.  This is a personal pet peeve of mine 1) i don't like to be reminded that shrimp are the roaches of the sea and nothing brings that home more than seeing their legs still on after cooking and 2) I wasn't into doing what I call "arts and crafts" with my  food where I have to get my fingers all involved.  I just wanted to eat at that point, but spent another 10 minutes shelling / scaling the shrimp. This place has SO much potential.  It's really cute, it's not designed in a way that makes it seems crowded with no one in it.  The people are extremely nice and the food is decent.  Now if the food was out of this world? I may have thought - well the wait was worth it.  But I can say I've had better.    In the restaurant industry if your food and service aren't the mainstays of your business - you don't really have much else. I pray that they'll pick up in these arenas.  I'd like to patronize again but not if it'll be like it was today.
