It honestly pains me to write this review, but I think it needs to be said. As someone who has celiac and rarely can find places that I can eat out at, the first time I went to Do or Dine was INCREDIBLE - the server knew his stuff, helped me and my friend get everything possible that I could eat. It was one of the best experiences I've had in a long time. So naturally I spread the word to everyone I know with celiac and praised this restaurant. Then I visited a second time. While not all servers know a lot about celiac, I went down my usual path of explaining what I can't eat. The first course that they brought out I took one bite and there was bread. The first time in over 10 years that I've had something breaded in my system. I'm honestly not trying to be dramatic, but when something like this happens to me I'm out of commission for at least a couple weeks. So I asked if they mentioned to the kitchen that I couldn't have gluten and the response was "oh, sorry, I forgot." Which was unfortunate, but not wanting to have my friend leave before getting her food, I stayed and just had water. A week or so later I thought that I should just let Do or Dine know about this experience because I still couldn't forget how amazing my first experience there was, and really just wanting to let them know so that it doesn't happen again to someone else and let's face it this place could seriously rule! So, I wrote an email explaining everything and how much I adored this restaurant for all that they did the first time I was there and how I was hoping this second visit was just an unfortunate incident. And I sadly never heard back! Not a word. I was so disappointed by this, and It's so sad because I want to love this restaurant so much, because it's a great place, the food, aesthetic, people, all of it could be so wonderful, but if something like celiac isn't taken seriously and then never even responded to, I just can't support it. And I had to write this so that other people know.
