First I want to say that the food was pretty good when we received half of what we ordered. It was the slow and inattentive service that my party received may have been because it was a Saturday and we were ordering the "All you can eat sushi" but I think that so matter what you order you should get at least quick service. Our evening began at 6pm when we were seating promptly and received our menu and drinks. We sent in our order and got our drinks. When our food came, we noticed that only half of it arrived. Our server came around and asked if we wanted anything else and we said we would like the rest of our order and that was the last time we saw our server for at least 30mins. We didn't even get a refill of water until our server came around with our original menu order and asked if there was anything else we needed. Again we circled and spoke to the server stating that we would like the things circled. As we waited for our server, several parties that had been seated after were getting more food, drinks, better service and were leaving while our table was just watched. Our server came back with one thing and then had to be reminded several more times just to get 2 of the 7 things that we ordered. We order fried calamari and when it came to our table it was cold a soggy. When we told our server just took it back and did not bring a new one. This whole ordeal took 2 hours and when we received our check the rate seemed to be inflated so we assumed that tip was included even though we did not think that the service that we were given. My friend left his tip on the table and we left. On our way to the car, a server (not our server) came outside looking for more tips from us. It was unbelievable that our evening was unnecessarily long, that we were leaving hungry and this restaurant wanted more money from us. I have never been someone to snub tip or be rude but I was shocked that they actually sent someone after us for more tip. As I understand it tip is suppose to be based on the quality of service you received and I think that we should have made them wait an extra 2 hours for their tip. My friends are frequent customers at this restaurant and were very excited to take me there and it was highly underwhelming and very disappointing. I would recommended it for takeout but if you are looking for all you can eat sushi  within a timely manner I would opt for a restaurant that cares about all the customers that come through their doors, not just the ones who order alcohol and full dinners.
