Oh Fish, I love thou! Where do I start with the goodness of this place? This is a place with solid seafood dishes and GREAT price. I have yet to find a better oyster deal than the Red White and Blue special at Fish. All day, every day, $8 for 6 oyster and a glass of wine or PBR. I can get my oyster feast on while working up a really good buzz. While the deal is dirt cheap, their oysters are fresh and meaty. BEST PLACE TO CHOW DOWN on OYSTERS! The Down East Lobster Feast is also fabulous. Depending on the season, usually for around $20 you get a sweet meaty lobster along with steamers, corn and fries. PLENTY of food to fill you up right. The king crab legs here are good also, get one to share with the table as an appetizer. The crab meat comes right out of its shell in one piece ( a sign of freshness) and you will not regret you added this item to your cholesterol busting feast. If you love crabs and don't mind the work you need to go through to get the meat, the $25 Maryland style crab feast is the way to go. All you can eat crabs from noon-4pm every day! I am not a huge fan of blue crabs since they tend to be skinny and the reward hardly justify the work. However, the blue crabs here are decently meaty and nicely flavored, You wouldn't think you been breaking shells to get to nothing, If you feel like wandering off the value deals to their menu, be sure to order their Lobster Mac n Cheese. They cook the macaronis in lobster water, so it get all the lobster flavor with it, so every bit you take is just burst of cheesy lobster joy. The lobster shepard pie is worth a try for the warm chunky lobsters going throughout the dish. Steer clear of the fish dishes, while the ingredients are fresh, the way they cook their fish is just not memorable. There are other great places for fish in the city, so save your stomach for the shell fishes here. There simply is not better place to gorge down dozens and dozens of oyster without breaking the bank. The decor is not fancy and the service sometimes can be slow, but their friendly staff and their friendly price tag make this a MUST for seafood lovers to stop by!
