Well my friend and I decided to give this place another shot to watch the NFL playoffs on a Saturday night. Now we really had a chance to see it busy since it was a UFC night. Almost impossible to get a seat at the bar or a table. Maybe that should have been a sign to leave. This place was borderline chaotic. No bouncer, host or any security at all for that matter on a fight night? Asking for problems. By the time we got to a table, we've already had two rounds of drink by squeezing in and out to the bar. I had to grab someone working there to clear our table and let him know we're ordering food.  When the bartender comes over to us, she tells us that we have to go to the bar to place our food orders and drinks even though we're seated at a table that's in the middle of the room.  Also, she needs to keep my credit card behind the bar for the tab. Umm ok. So don't expect typical service like you would at most places that have tables. We can deal with that but not too happy about the food coming out one plate at a time about 15 minutes apart. Everything was very average and the burger was like something I cooked on the grill at home. Medium rare should come out juicy and there was no concern since I was served a hockey puck. But this was the really irritating part.  We're chowing down and the owner came over and said she is going around and collecting the cover for the UFC fight. What?! Collect at the door like any other place would. We ordered four rounds of drinks already and in the middle of receiving food...stupid idea to walk around with a hand stamper just because the main event is coming on. Invest in a doorman if you're so concerned about collecting your cover. She said cover comes with a free drink for each person...fine... she agreed to take a drink off for each of us when the tab was due. I go to the men's room and wannabe MMA college-aged kids acting bathroom tough guy in the mirror. Overheard: #1: "I'm in the mood to headbutt someone."   #2: "me too. I've got the hardest head bro. I should headbutt this wall" #1: "yo it wouldn't take much this wood is like an inch thick" #2: "hahahah nah I don't want the cops to get called. I still gotta pick up a care package later." #1: "you're on your own. I don't do that ish. Don't know how you do."   Then they left....can't make this stuff up. Exactly the reason why bars need bouncers on PPV fight nights. Tab comes at the end of the night so I remind the owner about her free drink promise..., $2 per person was removed. Last I checked, the drinks weren't $2 each. Didn't feel like arguing...better debated by not coming back.
