Ding ding ding!  We have a winner, our new favorite dining experience in New Haven.  Caseus keeps it simple, but gets it nearly perfectly.  The first time my wife and I went to Caseus was to recover from a disastrous experience at a nearby, much touted Italian joint.  We stopped in for a glass of wine, cheese plate, and dessert.  The Meyer's lemon zeppelins (sp?) changed my whole outlook on fried dough (I've been turned off by beignets).  My wife, a bit of a francophile was impressed with the overall feel from the menu, to wine selection, and even the laid-back, but attentive and informed service.  To us, service is really one of the most important elements of our dining experience.  When staring at a list of unfamiliar wines and cheeses, an insider's opinion is exactly what we need.  We also appreciated the prompt service on both visits, and the laid-back approach works well for a true brasserie like Caseus, but might not work at more traditional restaurant. We followed up for my wife's birthday in hopes that the meal would be special in a memorable way.  These hopes were more than fullfilled.  You ought to be required to try the cheese plate, after all, it is a fromagerie.  They often boast at least one local cheese and the presentation is as nice and simple as it gets.  Our waitress was able to explain each cheese, which included a spicy stilton, a goat cheese, a semi-soft cows milk with beer soaked rind, and a French cows milk.  The plate also had honey infused jam and the typical almonds and assortment of breads and crackers. We had a pretty tough time deciding on main courses, so we ordered a couple of small bites to share (Lamb slider burger with sunchoke chips & tart du jour) and a main course (Moules frites featuring Prince Edward Island mussels and garlic fries). The lamb burger was served medium well, a little more than my preference, but I didn't specify.  The pea shoots added the perfect amount of texture and the melted stilton spread on the bun gave a wonderful combination of flavors.  The vegetable tart was flaky and not overly cheesy, almost creamy in texture.  The mussels were the best I've ever had.  Not at all rubbery.  I could have sworn that PEI was off the coast of Canada, but these tasted like they were harvested moments before they were steamed.  The garlic wine sauce was very balanced and added the right touch of seasoning.  The fries were perfectly crisped, not at all soggy and served with seasoned mayo.  Yum! Desert was WAY over the top.  The chocolate pots de creme was marvelous, and for some reason (oh wait a minute, we were there for a birthday!) we ordered a 2nd desert, a baked apple and rubarb concoction.  We loved it, but our waitress "forced" us to finish our deserts.  It was really quite decadent and dare I write, hedonistic. In summary, Caseus is not re-inventing the wheel.  Instead, they are focusing on bringing perfectly prepared and planned brasserie fare to New Haven.  They've combined this with a thoughtful and exciting wine list (which changes frequently) and the most interesting of selection of cheese you'll ever find, stateside.
