Umami burgers, can we say foodgasmic experience. One hour wait, you should not come to regret it at all. Trust me. Actually, I came here around 6:30PM on a Tuesday evening, and while there was a line, I was able to get a table within 25 minutes. That said, you could potentially get lucky if you come here at the right day and at the right time. Regardless, Umami was hands-down one of the best, if not the best, burgers I've had, and that is far from an exaggeration. First-time experience at this new, fast-trending spot in Manhattan was a 10-star experience all-around (yes, better than 5-stars). From the food to the service, I could not have been more pleased. I can fully affirm that Umami is worth the hype. For my first visit, call me crazy, but I made sure to try at least 3 of their burger varieties. Don't be fooled by the size of the burgers though; they pack a lot of substance in each. They have a menu of their classic varieties and provide daily specials. The Duck Burger, a special of the evening, was unfortunately all sold out (I'd get it if they have it though). I decided to go with an order of the Truffle Burger, Hatch Burger, and the Original. And, for sides, the Truffle Fries and the House Pickle Plate. They suggest having it cooked medium-rare, and medium-rare was absolutely perfect. But, you can choose otherwise. #1 Truffle Burger - Nom nom nom. Like a happy little child, I enjoyed this burger so much that I took my fork to lift the remnants of it from my plate. I thought it was the best of the three. Beef with melted truffle cheese, warm glistening truffle glaze, roasted garlic aioli, this one was muy delicioso. It's a burst of truffle flavor in the mouth. The signature 'U' is stamped on the soft, tasty bun. The amount of flavor and texture in the burger is just simply amazing. You'll know once you try it. #2 Hatch Burger - Spicy-food lovers will appreciate this one. With roasted green chilies, melted layers of White American cheese, garlic aioli, this one has a little bit of a kick. They center the inside with a generous heaping of cooked chilies, and the outside of the beef patty are oozing layers of cheese. Again, the amount of flavor and texture combined made this one a fantastic, slightly spicy burger. #3 Original Burger - Interestingly, while the Original is their most popular, it was my least favorite. Perhaps it was because I mixed flavors of super savory burgers with the Original. Still, there's much to note about the Original. They take a classic burger but add unique ingredients. The amount of texture in this makes it all the more special. You get a layer of Parmesan crisp, Shiitake Mushrooms, caramelized onions, and roasted tomato, one layered on top of the other. The highlight was the roasted tomato and Parmesan crisp, where the two just complement one another so well in terms of texture and flavor. I can't fail to mention the Truffle Fries, which like the Truffle Burger, has a ton of Truffle flavor notes. I admit, 3 burgers, a set of fries, plus the pickle plate was a lot to ingest in one sitting, but I can say that every piece of my meal was 100% beyond satisfactory. Would I eat 3 burgers all together again? Probably not, and I'd stick to just one or two. You can get a better sense of the individual burger. On top of the awesome food though was equally awesome service. The waiters are very friendly and super-attentive. The extra accommodating service really added to the entire experience. Umami though, is not cheap eats. Expect to pay at least $12 and up for a burger, but everything here is truly worth it. I'm on a mission to try every and all of their burger varieties with each and every visit, and that is no lie.
