It all started with a 45 mile drive to Petite Crevette on a Tuesday evening. There aren't more than 8-10 tables here with only ONE dude cooking your food. The decor and ambiance here confuses me as much as Nick & Tony's in the Hamptons. We carb'd out on all the bread you could eat paired with a pretty decent spice garlic infused olive oil... For apps we ordered the Fried Oysters, and Tuna Carpaccio. The Tuna Carpaccio was average, not standing up too great on it's own but if you ate it with a bite of the capers, mixed baby greens, and some of the tartar sauce it was a pretty swell tasting package. The fried oysters were exactly how they should taste, soft, fried, tasty and decently yummy with the mustard on the side. For an entrée, we both ordered the Cioppino. The mussels were quite good, and I thought the scallops were phenomenal. The shrimp was slightly undercooked, which is certainly better than overcooked.  My lobster was a bit more than undercooked and was very hard to eat, the meat was just not separating from the chitinous exoskeleton, and was quite tough, in some areas where the meat was thick the center was near translucent, as if it wasn't cooked at all. My stomach didn't appreciate this at 3am We both enjoyed the flourless chocolate cake, wasn't the best we've had but it was decent. Some other things to mention - the chef was cooking meals just behind where we sat and was quite vocal. He kept making comments about how his customers shouldn't expect their food to come quickly, and he also had some sort of odd fascination with General McChrystal and his comments about Obama et al. The relevant portion of this comment is that your food is not going to come quickly, not your apps, nor your entrée, so definitely plan a long evening here....... ! Bring lots of wine!!!!! Also, I can see the draw of having a Union Street address. However, this place isn't on Union Street it's like DOWN Hicks. Lastly, yes, this joint is cash only so plan accordingly!!!!!!! Overall, it was eh, I didn't care to be here almost 2.5 hours (coming from the guy who loves 5-6 hour long dinners) because this place isn't a 2.5 hour type joint. save your money and go somewhere else
