If you need a special night out, the upstairs white tablecloth dining at Il Pittore would be a perfect choice. Walking up the stairs truly brings you into a different world. The entire staff is professional without being snobby. Smiles abound and they have all been very well-trained. The ambience is excellent. The menu is amazing, arranged in the manner typical of authentic Italian dining (antipasti, primi, and secondi courses). Highlights include the foie gras appetizer, which is truly unique. A small jar of creamy smooth, delicious foie pate is accompanied by 3 small pizzelles and two jellies (lambrusco and proseco based). The combination works perfectly, with no one flavor masking any others. Instead, there's a synergistic effect when the parts are combined to deliver a sensational taste experience. The pastas we had were all excellent (all pastas are made in-house), but the highlight was the Cappelletti di Vitello in Brodo, tender veal stuffed pasta hats in veal broth and a drizzle of hazelnut oil. Calling it veal broth is doing it a disservice. This "broth" obviously had been carefully reduced over a long period of time to reveal a flavor intensity that is rare and which complemented the pasta perfectly. It's obvious that chef Painter takes no shortcuts! Each dish is masterfully crafted and worth it! The pappardelle with wild boar ragu was as good as anything we had in Tuscany (where it's a specialty we enjoyed at three different restaurants).  Chef Painter's ability to take something ordinary and elevate it to a higher level is evident in the roast suckling pig dish. We were told that it takes 72 hours to get the pig just right and it's easy to believe when you take your first bite. The skin is perfectly crisp and delicious, while the pork just melts in your mouth.  The Crème Brulee Napoleon is essentially a deconstructed crème brulee with layers of crispness - crème brulee improved! The Chocolate Bomboloni dessert was so good that it disappeared at our table almost as fast as it was placed there. There's also a great selection of after dinner drinks that includes several different amari and grappe, many of which we've never come across anywhere else. The wine list is a masterful collection of Italian wines from different regions of Italy and includes affordable bottles (many of which are available by the glass) as well as special occasion high end selections. In sum, if you want to experience some great food with its basis in traditional Italian dishes, but with some modern interpretations done by a master chef, Il Pittore is a place you definitely should check out. While they are relatively expensive, they are not out of line with other upscale restaurants and the experience is more than worth it!
