Looking at the menu ahead of time, I was already pretty exited about the options at Church & Main. The only disappointment of that dining experience was the lack of a place to wait for a table. They literally left a three foot square for people to stand while they wait for a table, and it's cold outside. But we had reservations and were seated right away in the back corner. The ambiance was romantic, understated and simple. Dimmed track lighting, brick walls and floor to ceiling curtains that sectioned off various sections of the restaurant made me feel cozy right away. The waiter greeted us and took our orders for water (tap is fine with me!) as we perused the menu. The menus were heavy, obviously housing a solid menu. I started out with their "Russian punch". A delightful blend of Ketel One vodka, some sort of berry compote and topped off with bubbles. Kind of like a bellini with good vodka. We just HAD to try the poutine with bacon and bourbon gravy as an appetizer. The only other time I have ever tried poutine was arond 3:30 am on some little sketchy fast food place after stumbling out of a club in Montreal. Even then it was decent. This poutine was absolutely amazing, a true comfort food of sorts. Hand cut fries that were slightly crunchy and hot, but not greasy. Melted bit of cheese curd topped off with the bacon bourbon gravy. Easily one of the best gravies I have ever had. Slightly creamy with just enough but not too much taste of the title ingredients. I would probably go back to Church & Main just for that dish. For my entree, I had the lobster mac & cheese. The waiter had asked if I wanted bacon in it too, but I held off. Good mac & cheese is probably my ultimate comfort food. Lobster mac & cheese could be considered a little bit of heaven for me, if done right. I had not found a lobster mac & cheese that rivaled the decadence and perfection of Our House (one of my favorite places to eat comfort food)....until Church & Main. Slightly sharp cheese perfection with large bits of perfectly cooked lobster claws and tail mixed in brought it right up to my "best mac & cheese" list. I could only finish about half of it. But leftovers are a wonderful thing. Based on that one visit, I would place Church & Main atop the best restaurants in Burlington, at least for contemporary american cuisine.
