I have been meaning to try St. Anselm for quite some time as I heard nothing but praise for this place since they opened but my previous attempts were usually thwarted by projected long wait times and, with so many other options near by, I never cared to stick it out. So finally, after a day of shopping, I went and grabbed a seat at the bar instantly. The decor is rustic and masculine which is appropriate for their menu. The staff was friendly and accommodating throughout the meal and I never felt uncomfortable or the need to flag down a server. I started out with their Pretty Things beer (I forget which actual brew it was) which was excellent (as to be expected from that brewing company) and after looking at the menu decided to just stick with meat dishes for my meal. I started with a special appetizer of beef cheek served over a cranberry sauce and after the first bite I could see what the fuss was about. The meat was very tender and just came apart in your mouth with a nice slight crispiness from the grill. The cranberry sauce added a nice sweetness and complimented the beef quite well. For dinner, I had to order the Butcher's Steak. I was a little weary given that hanger steak cuts are usually tougher but, again, after that first bite my worries melted away. The steak was cooked to my liking (rare) and had this amazing buttery flavoring and light salting that really just helped to enhance the overall taste. The steak itself was not overly tough and I'm certain I won't have any sore jawbone muscles tomorrow. Now the kicker is that after two beers, an appetizer, and a great steak dinner my bill (with 20% gratuity) was still under $50. Which, given the quality of the overall meal, I find to be a very good deal. I look forward to coming back with a few friends in the future and having the opportunity to have us order many of the side dishes which looked, and smelled, delicious as they were being served in front of me. Of note, while sitting there throughout the night I saw the place get filled up very quickly and I heard the wait time continuously increase to all the people walking in. If you wanted to bring a group here you would be well off getting in during off peak hours or plan on having a few drinks next door.
