Being a UK transplants via SF and other places; I have been a customer to this cafe for quite a bit so far. Though the location is prime, and the ceilings are high and the overall potential of the place is exquisite, unfortunately the service and maintenance of the place is substandard. It seems that investing in matters that, I, from having visited thousands of cafes all over the world, consider basic, is not a priority here. Here are the main concerns. Before I list them, I would like to clarify that this is an attempt to provide constructive feedback about a coffee shop with enormous potential. A dear friend of mine, was able to erect from a rather neglected East London warehouse one of the trendiest cafes at the moment. They even have story-telling events, book-reading events, and a long etc. This very cafe, has a long way to go, before it can explore expanding its services in the way Tom's coffee shop in London has. One of the main deficits of Cafe Twelve is its abysmal WiFi service. It constantly disconnects. We are talking, about 4-5 disconnections in the interval of consuming a latte while writing a paper or reading the news. This is utterly unsatisfactory; the owners have been politely informed about this; and although they willingly (most of the time) reset the router, it's not long before it disconnects again. It's 2012, we live in a digital era, investing in a router that can cope with multiple connections is economically feasible and quite honestly mandatory. Being disconnected in the middle of downloading a PDF for a paper is not just annoying, but interrupting and time wasting. In my first review, I commented on the awful cheap supermarket-like Muzac being played. That has improved, and they now use Pandora; bravo! However streaming Pandora consumes significant bandwidth, which the primitive domestic router cannot cope with, meaning, that the frequency of WiFi disconnecting has increased to intolerable levels. The state, hygiene, and overall state of the loos remains an issue, although there are two of them, only one is open. Investing in better water taps, that increase the pressure of water so one can wash his/her hands post urination/defecation or even post croissant consuming, is important. Additionally on two different occasions there has been a noticeable house flies, also cock roaches spotted on the cafe floor, and finally a mouse spotted near the entrance. There are other things that can be very much improved, but I think dealing with the basics are not only important but completely necessary when running any business let alone a business that deals customers directly such as a restaurant, cafe or, retail establishment. My opinion is shared by my partner and other friends, who are faithful clients to this place. To be honest, we believe that one of the reasons, why people keep on coming here, is because of the spectacular and strategic location of which this management team had nothing strategically to do with. It's a shame, as the place has gorgeous bones, and improving it is not rocket science. It involves quite simply a level of awareness and general care about your investment, which includes but is not limited your customers. Honestly hope this help to continue to guide the potential success of this establishment.
