Literally a disaster. I keep hearing good things about this place and I went with a regular and it still was an epic failure. I went a week ago with a reservation and they kept my party of 4 waiting for an hour. We finally sit down at 9:45 and nothing is comped and no one apologizes. We ask to place the order right away as we have had ample time to deliberate on our dinner selections and the waitress runs away after taking our app orders - 2 large mezze plates - ehhhh..... Finally the waitress returns and we go to place our dinner orders and they tell us they are out of beef and lamb - so no Doner Kebab and no Iskender Kabab (arguably two of the best non vegetarian items on the menu) and no anything else that might include lamb or beef. Unfortunately that is exactly what we were waiting for, so naturally we were more than a little perturbed to discover this so late in the game. Finally we net out with all fish dishes that ended being okay, but they included the same sides of shaved carrots, onions (that went bad) and pilaf with every entree - all pretty flavorless (except for the onions which had a flavor but one that I'd never want to revisit again). The funny part is that our waitress never returned after the order. We saw her and gestured to her but she refused to return to our table. At no point were we rude or disrespectful, we simply questioned her rationale for not informing us they were out of half the menu before we sat down. Just all-in-all TERRIBLE service and subpar food. When we were leaving, this same waitress was waiting by the door to take her tip from the busboy which I'm still trying to figure out why she expected the tip. Not because I would ever think about not leaving a tip (I always leave 20% or more) but because I would have thought the tip would go to the waiters (multiple) who actually served and waited on our party. Goes without saying that I had to hit the dollar slice shop on 34th and 3rd, but overall headscratcher as to why anyone would ever recommend this place. (HINT HINT....You know who you are......)
