Maybe I'm spoiled because I've lived in Seattle for the past few years, after over a decade in New York, but I haven't had fish this overcooked and oversalted since, well, the last time I ate fish somewhere outside of the Pacific Northwest. And for the cost of about 1/3 to twice as much more, for a miniscule portion size of a fish, at an even smaller table, crammed on top of your neighbors, and attempting dinner conversation in a din bordering on deafening in this tiny room, while being condescended to by über-pretentious servers, (I'm guessing the attitude comes from the honor of waiting tables at Little Owl), this was the antithesis of a pleasurable dining experience. They might as well switch out all the two-tops for a big farmhouse table and call communal dining the next big trend: (also see: Seattle:fail), which would probably fly in New York since everyone is already used to sitting with their neighbors and pretending they can't hear their conversations. The bibb and beets salad was drowning in flavorless, oily dressing, and I felt sorry for the aforementioned halibut that was overcooked and atop a "chive mash" that was so salty it killed every other flavor on the palate. I can't remember the prices but suffice to say the pretention continues on the website as the online menu doesn't list them. I do have a memory that a meal for two including two appetizers, two entrees, and just one glass of wine (seriously!), no dessert ran around $200. Ridiculous. Apparently this place is renowned for the meat dishes: burgers, the meatballs, and pork chop. I had no idea. Figured such a tiny place with such massive acclaim would perfect every dish on their tiny menu. But alas, vegetarians and pescetarians: clearly this isn't the case, unless you're content to simply swallow your overcooked, oversalted, overpriced meal and feel satisfied with the cache that comes with saying you dined next to Michael Kors. I don't get the hype. Oh yeah, I remember. It's the "emperor with new clothes" hoopla that drives so much of what is trendy in NYC at whatever minute this is. And for this price it's downright offensive to patrons who aren't as enamored with the prestige of getting a table at Little Owl than the food they're consuming.
