This is an adorable little spot in my neighborhood.  I really should visit more often.  The service is alway quick and the food is fresh and delicious!  And when I say fresh, I mean it!  The produce tastes like it was just picked fresh from the garden. It's a cute little restaurant, and a great spot if you just want to take a coffee.  i've been here a handful of times, and it is always one of my go-to lunch spots when I have family visiting. So, let's talk about the food: To start, I could eat the Beets with Baby Arugula salad every day.   That's no joke.  I would eat it every day if I had the time and the money to do that.  It's a simple salad really: beets, arugula, goat cheese, and walnuts.  If I remember correctly, there was a simple olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper dressing, and maybe a hint of balsamic vinegar.   Two other salads that I've had and enjoyed are the Baby Arugula "Mimosa,' with shaved egg and smoked bacon vinaigrette, and the Baby String Beans, with toasted bread, shaved parmesan, and truffle vinaigrette.  Both were fantastic!  I'm so hooked on the beets and goat cheese though, so I end up going back for that one. The soups of the day always sound delicious.  I've only personally had the lentil soup, which was so good.  And the bowl was huge!  That probably could've been my meal, but I never just get soup. I've had the goat cheese, honey, rosemary oil crostini.  The flavors are incredible, but I always wish it was just a little bit bigger. I don't go here for the crostini, though.  I go for the panini! Now it's time for the panini!  The Prosciutto is my absolute favorite, with gorgonzola dolce and fig spread.  The Soppressata, with hot peppers, asiago, and basil pesto, comes in at a close second.  I've also had the Porchetta, with spicy pickle slaw and rosemary aioli, and the Berkshire Ham, with garlic spinach, peach mustard, and taleggio.   They are all great!  Again, I wish they just a bit bigger for the price.  However, the flavors are incredible! My husband is a big fan of the brunch panini, because a lot of them are served with eggs. This makes them a little more substantial.  The coffee is great and I've heard they have hot chocolate made with peanut butter.  This I will save for the winter!
