It was my first trip to SoHo, and my friend and I were walking very quickly, in the cold, towards the subway station to catch the 6 train uptown.  We were thinking about going back to Les Halles, but instead I caught a glimpse of a familiar red awning.  How could it be familiar?  It was the same bright red color with simple lettering that spelled out a name I know well - Balthazar.  I only knew Balthazar through the famous cookbook, and I was excited to find that we could get a table in this bustling, crowded restaurant - and it was a Wednesday night, mind you.  The giant mirrors on the walls combined with a votive candle on every table filled the restaurant with a warm glow.  We were seated at the tables for two - small cafe tables that are very very close together, lined up against a banquette - a common feature of NYC restaurants. My friend and I decided to share a cheeseburger and fries and the pork belly.  As we waited for our food, a waiter brought out an enormous tower of seafood on ice to the couple seated next to us.  The woman commented that it was an "embarrassing" display, and her companion turned to us and offered us some.  (He was dead serious.)  My friend and I laughed and politely declined, but chatted with the couple while the server brought us the half bottle of wine we ordered (note:  Balthazar only carries French wines), which was really delicious and medium bodied. Our food came, the cheeseburger (cooked medium) accompanied by a giant pile of some really good fries (though Brasserie Les Halles is a bit better), the pork belly (the top part a glistening deep brown, was so succulent and moist that it really did not require a knife to eat) was set atop a bed of these incredible mustard lentils.  I could have had an extra order of these lentils.  We shared our fries with the couple next to us, and they shared some really fresh oysters. The entire meal was perfect, even without dessert.  The service was impeccable - servers should be like the stagehands during a play - you barely notice them, but they make everything run smoothly.  Balthazar was a show for which I'd definitely request an encore presentation.
