Seriously high quality food with great service.  It's crowded, most certainly, and so you take the table you can get, but it was absolutely a wonderful experience. When we arrived there was one table for 2 available--lucky us!  She said we had 1 hour and 45 minutes until the table had a reservation and we thought that would be way more time than we needed--we were there the whole time. When we were seated, she asked if we'd been there before and when we said no she explained that the little pig nose icon meant something contained pigs' feet and then told us that a certain word which I now forget meant beef intestine.  It was great because she provided the information which might be very important for some folks who are not familiar with the food but didn't try to dissuade or persuade around ordering anything. We had seaweed salad and a few hand rolls (spicy kampachi and spicy salmon) to start.  The seaweed salad was a wonderful blend of seaweed varieties, tomatoes, and cucumbers, and a light citrusy dressing that wasn't overwhelmingly sweet like some seaweed salad dressings can be.  The hand rolls were delicious, each of them containing a long slice of very fresh fish next to a bit of spicy mayo, with sushi rice, all wrapped in seaweed.  All fresh and you could taste each component nicely--we will definitely be back for sushi. We shared a small bottle of sake, which was the $18 semi-dry option whose name I cannot recall, and it was lovely. For the main meal we had the Hakata Tonton--a hot pot with dumplings, pork, tofu, pigs' feet, cabbage, and scallions (along with many other ingredients, I'm sure).  It was brought to the table in a wonderfully organized pile which then proceeded to cook down.  When it was ready, she came and served us the first bowl, getting a nice mix of ingredients. Yuzu koshu paste and sauce were available at the table and gave the broth a lovely citrus spice. You have the option of adding ramen noodles, but this was plenty of food for us--plus we then went down the street and had cones at Big Gay Ice Cream. :) The total, before tip, was $62 for the two of us--incredibly reasonable for the quality, quantity, and neighborhood. Also, while we were there a woman from some Japanese TV show was interviewing diners (with a cameraman in tow) and we got the chance to talk a little about pigs' feet and beef intestine--she was surprised we didn't find the idea of them disgusting. :)
