I'm not exactly an expert in Indian food but I've had excellent North and South Indian cuisine from restaurants in NYC, Edison, and in Morris County.  I wanted to try Mirchi since Amaya closed (Amaya was hit or miss depending on what you ordered).  I brought my wife and 2 children, who like Indian cuisine but are more picky than I am.   I cannot recommend this restaurant.  The service was poor. The waiters look like they would rather be somewhere else, and did not care to explain the dishes on the menu.  After the food was served they disappeared and tried their best to not make eye contact. There were many families there with loud, terribly behaved children, which did not add to the mediocre decor and the tacky paper placemats with pictures of US presidents on it.     As far as the food, we were first served "potato chips" with chutneys. What happened to papadum?  It was just weird.  The tandoori sampler was good but not great.  It came on a sizzling plate, which was a good start, but the chicken was dry, the fish was overcooked, the kebab was a little too peppery for my kids, and there were tiny shreds of veggies on the bottom that could not be picked up easily and seemed to be an afterthought.   We had one excellent paper masala dosa, though it was unusual in that the potato filling mixture was served in a bowl on the side. The dosa was delicious and crispy and we all enjoyed it. The sambar was good as well.   Now the bad news.  The chicken tikka masala (our favorite Indian dish) included only a few rubbery pieces of chicken and tasted a little odd.  We ordered a special dish... saag panir, but it too had a flavor that was somewhat stale and unpleasant.  Then I went out on a limb for the Hyderabadi Dhum Biryani -- supposedly a special dish that they boast about on the menu.  We did not care for it at all. The chicken pieces were all on the bone (neck, back, whatever) and the rice had a heavy cinnamon / ?jasmine flavor that none of us enjoyed.  For the most part, we left unsatisfied and swore we'd never go back.
