Before I start my review on Parc I would like to say first that what I am about to share on my experience of dining here is by NO MEANS meant to be negative or detrimental to their business. SO. I found myself almost dying from the excruciating heat the summer has brought upon us, and realized I had to go inside somewhere. I was hungry at that, so I decided to go somewhere to eat, and my family who was with me decided Parc would be a good choice, as they have never failed us in the past with quality of food and service. So first, reviews on the food. What can I say, it's just really. really. good. Like, wow-my-life-has-just-gotten-so-much-better good. I got the cheeseburger today, which was delicious overall, albeit the french fries were a tad overpowering for my taste. They put too much salt on the already salty fries. Other dishes we ordered were the cheese omelette and the shrimp salad, and both were simple yet flavorful. Now, the one thing that DID happen this time, was that there happened to be a piece of metal in the meat. I dont know how it got there, and why it was there, but it was there all right. I quickly informed the waiter, who immediately took it away and ordered me a new one. The restaurant acted very professionally and responsibly, and it was nice of the manager to apologize himself and serve our table during the rest of our dining time. It was also a pleasant surprise when I was told the burger was on them, which I wasnt expecting. But maybe that is what a restaurant should do, in a case like this. Im not sure, because it has never happened to me previously. The mistake in the food preparation clearly does not reflect on the restaurant overall however, and this review is NOT meant to put emphasis on that. In fact, the point I wanted to make was that Parc does an excellent job of looking after their customers. I am sure every restaurant has had this happen before, and it was just my luck that I was the one it happened to. Sorry this is so long, but just wanted to share with you guys that you will have a fabulous experience at Parc. On a side note, prices are quite fair as well, and their bread basket is TO DIE FOR.  Their cranberry bread is theeee best. I would go just for that bread. In fact, I kind of wish I couldve asked Parc to give me another bread basket instead of a new hamburger... (:
