I don't know if it was the food, the 20's jazz playing through their speakers, our waitress, or being in my old stompin' grounds again, but something about this place put me right at ease the second I walked in the door.   Like my City of Brotherly Love, the food at Dante and Luigi's was very straightforward and didn't try to be something it wasn't - what you saw was what you got, and therein I found the connection between American Italian and Italian Italian food.  Yes, there is a difference. We were able to make a reservation for the two of us (yes, Hubby and I got a date night while Grandpa took care of Baby!) for 8:00 Saturday night.  Granted, it was Memorial Day weekend, but the place was still packed.  In the heart of South Philly - I made sure Hubby didn't don something that screamed "I'm a DC sports fan" that would land him in the bottom of the Schuylkill with a couple of lead boots. We started with the sauted calamari, served with sauted tomato slices and escarole.   Fresh tomatoes may have been a better contrast against the smoky squid and the olive-oil-laden escarole, and the squid was just a touch over-done. Entrees, Hubby enjoyed enjoyed their veal special with crabcake and provolone on top, and I ordered the rigatoni carbonara.  His had a heavy-sounding name, but boy, the flavor of the combination was amazing.  The sauce tasted sweet of a liquor reduction of the pan drippings - I was sopping it up with the bread they gave us.  My rigatoni, the sauce was really wonderfully creamy, different from the dryer variety found in Italy.  They used bacon instead of pancetta - this was a little detail that left me wondering, as the Italian market is but 2 blocks from the joint, but the flavor of the dish was still wonderful. I dove into their Ricotta Cheesecake for dessert, and Hubby had the Italian Cream Cake with Rum.  The ricotta cheesecake lifted my heavy stomach - it was the lightest cheesecake I have ever had.  Hubby tried to deflect my eyes of intrigue, but in the end, in the interest of self-preservation, he caved, and I got to have some of his cake too. Dante and Luigi's was quintessential Philadelphia - true, solid flavors, no masking, no frou, no pretense.  This meal opened up a whole discussion between Hubby and me, of the types of food we grew up with, him in DC, me in Philly.  We've come to realize with this meal that I've only started opening up his palate with Philly food, and that he is ready for more.
