If you're in the mood for something out of the ordinary, Mood cafe is the place to go (sorry, couldn't resist the pun). I came here entirely based on Yelp reviews, figuring that a near-perfect rating from over 200 reviewers couldn't go wrong. The cafe itself is in a rather charming part of town, and although it is rather small, it also screams cleanliness and efficiency. The owner greeted us immediately, and let us peruse the various items on the menu with an amused look on his face before we finally gave up and admitted we had no idea how to order. He explained what chaat was, and that we shouldn't be overwhelmed by the multitude of choices written on the board - we should just tell him what type of meat we wanted and our desired spice level, and he'd take care of the rest. My boyfriend got lamb, spicy, and I got chicken, medium spice. We also ordered mango and pineapple lassi. The lassi was amazing - I don't think I'll ever be content with a smoothie ever again. Mango taste was light and airy, not too sweet, but enough to satisfy any craving. The Pineapple lassi was very refreshing, and offered the perfect blend of flavor and sweetness. Even better, with our lassi we got a little cup with the leftover drink (I'm guessing they made extra), which was perfect for sharing. When I got my chaat, my first instinct was to say "Eeww, how do these even go together...?" Radishes, cilantro sauce, mangoes, honeyed dates, chick peas, fried dough strips, chicken pieces, several types of mystery sauce? I then dubiously mixed everything together and took a tentative bite. It was an absolute explosion in my mouth, a taste sensation I've never had before. Sweet, sour, savory, salty, spicy, and everything in between - all in perfect balance. Saying that it was delicious would be an understatement. My chicken chaat was seriously awesome, and my boyfriend's lamb chaat was even better. It literally comes down to personal preference what meat/veggie you get, but I don't think you can go wrong. This place makes the 2.5 hour drive from Maryland to Penn worth it. Would I recommend this place? Absolutely. The owner is super friendly, helpful, and service-oriented. The food is a mind-blowing culinary experience. My only qualm with this place is that if you don't order a lassi, the serving sizes for the chaat might not be enough to fill you up completely (but since I did order a lassi, I ended up staggering out the door due to how full I was). The do offer other awesome desserts like gulab jamun and carrot halwa - I'm currently doing stomach expansion exercises so I can fit those as well next time I'm around.
