I swear, we were one beer/song away from making babies in the back booth, because something about the dark lighting, cozy atmosphere, and phenomenal food of The Redhead set off all sorts of hormonal urges within us. We entered early on a rainy Saturday evening and chose to sit at one of the high tables and enjoy cocktails. He had the Gotham, a smoky take on a Manhattan, while I imbibed an Aviation with ease. At the time, the Redhead was mainly filled with patrons at the small wooden bar, talking quietly and making amorous eyes amongst themselves while, like us, waiting for the official dinner service to begin. Thirty minutes later, we sat in a plush, L-shaped booth and got down to business; deciding what to eat. He chose the NY Craft Beer Week pre-fixe, which included 3 courses with their matching NY beers for $40. However, since there was only one pre-fixe menu, I chose to order a la carte and have my meal timed with his. First up was his tarragon, potato, sweetbread soup, with my onion-dip + home cut waffle chips. Now I've never been a big fan of organ meats, but his sweetbreads were like animal candy in my mouf! If this is what I've been depriving myself from for the last 20-some odd years, I'm ashamed. When coupled with the sweet-cream butter on their fresh rolls, his soup was a silken, milky heaven of fresh herbs. Though my fresh onion dip and thick cut chips were also enjoyable. hands down, his soup stole the show. Now, the entire evening, we were singing along with the old-school soul hits by the likes of Al Green, Smokey Robinson, and the Temptations, but once our entrees arrived we hushed all of that and started to sup. I curiously chose the beef tenderloin with polenta and plums, while he had the duck sausage, white beans, and kale-like greens. And oh my gawd, our food was SLAP-YER-GRANDMAW GOOD! The duck, beans-n-greens dish was the perfect fall feast; earthy, soupy, rich, warm, savory...and all served up in a bowl. My tenderloin was like butta, perfectly medium pink and deliciously prepared with a plum-n-onion reduction drizzled over the meat and the fried, yet, gooey polenta fritter that accompanied it. Respectively, we were mouth-fucked by our meats. We finished with a huge slice of German chocolate cake with coconut ice-cream for him, and a delicious ramekin filled with caramel banana pudding for me. Like the proverbial icing on the cake, both desserts were the perfect ending to our lovely meal; his cake was rich and coconutty, with my banana pudding being chock full of Nilla Wafers and with a caramel crust topping. Yes, The Redhead might be a tad small and cramped at peak times, but just like it's namesake hair color, authentic joints (via price, atmosphere, and flavor) like this are rare.
