I've been in Astoria for four years, and as spoiled as I am to be surrounded by such amazing food all the time, I was still missing quality Italian food.  I'd given a few local places a try, but none had really sung to me until I ate the pasta at Vite.  Instant joy! This place has been packed since it opened.  My friends and I wanted to know what all the fuss was about, so we got together headed over to check it out.  They did a really great job renovating the space and the decor is simple, charming, and cozy.  We were welcomed by a staff full of smiles and friendly banter.  They suggested a wine that turned out to be pretty delicious.  I should have written it down, but it was something from Sardigna.  They were playing really great jazz the whole time. We all had some of the following (were were 7, so we really got to try a lot): Melanzane all a Parmagiana: A crowd favorite, and done really well! Polentine ai Funghi: I'm not a huge polenta fan, but high five for quality.  My mushroom-loving friend was in heaven. Insalata Fresca: You had me at fennel. Cavatelli Pasta with Lamb Ragu: I have thought about this dish basically every day since eating there.  I am dangerously close to this restaurant and may need to increase my exercise regimen just to make room for more of this.   Bucatini all a Grigia:  This was also delicious, but I couldn't really pry myself away from the cavatelli. Tiramisu Vite: Classic.  Did not disappoint.  So.  Full. One of the owners brought out some limoncello for us at the end of our meal, which was really sweet.  He informed us that it was cash only, which was not awesome, but assured us that they would be taking cards very soon.  There was an ATM machine on the very same corner, so no big deal. It was a unanimous win for my friends and me.  We were all talking about coming back to bring our significant others, because it's a really cute date spot (or our grandmothers, because some of us are single and have the raddest Nonas in town). In short, Astoria now has great Italian food.  Woot woot!
