My dinner at Dover was one of the first times I've been pleasantly surprised by a highly rated restaurant. Usually, I leave slightly deflated, feeling a sucker  for having bought into the hype of yet another twee pretension factory, full of the kind of people who take photos of every dish and carefully smell all their food before ingesting it by leaning theatrically over the dish and waving their hands like a fan. In fact, let's talk about this habit for a moment before continuing along with the review. I've always thought that to the extent food smells good, it has to smell good in the fleeting seconds it wanders beneath your nose on its way to you mouth.  To assiduously and intentionally  smell all dishes, as if smelling them was some sort of prelude to tasting,  seems to be miss the point.  Anyway, if you do insist on smelling your food before eating it, don't loudly pronounce everything to be "aromatic". Ok, all that said, Dover really is pretty good. First, a note about my welcome. I looked most ridiculous. Unshaven, tired, with taped together glasses (my son had broken them), wearing a reebok sweatshirt with a big stain on it.  No one blinked an eye. I got great and cheerful service. The food matched the welcome, mostly.  Great amuse - a tiny gougere filled with sauce mornay, and then a terrific apple celeriac soup. I had a particular soft spot for the cauliflower salad, which was a combination of fried and raw cauliflower, pistachios, raisins and greens sitting in a slightly spicy preserved oil sauce. If the fried vegetables had been not as brown it would have been a perfect dish.   But I also really enjoyed the broad beans, octopus and chorizo second course.   The tomato sauce and giant beans screamed Greek, as did the perfect octopus, but I support the spicy chorizo said Spain in reality. It was good enough that my excellent Thai inflected main, sous vided lamb ribs with peanuts and mint, was a bit of a letdown. One more thing: the black strap rum cocktail is excellent. Right up my alley.
