I am so glad I went with the reviewers recommendations and went here with my boyfriend this week. Here is a breakdown of my impressions: Ambiance: Romantic and trendy with faux treated walls painted with warm colors, the lighting is low enough to feel warm, inviting, private and romantic but not so low that you are can't see your food, the menu or your date clearly. It was a PERFECT date night restaurant, just pretentious enough to feel like an indulgence. I think a smaller group would be good here. They had two cozy tables on the window-wall that had cushioned benches... each one of the tables probably sat 6 people each. Lots of 2 person tables and a smattering of 4 person tables. I think a LARGE group would be ok on a slow night where they could put a bunch of tables together, but you should probably schedule that... not just show up. Bar: The bar is the first thing you see when you come in, its a rich wood bar with nice high chairs, and two little round tables smushed into corners. Its not a big bar by any means, probably seats like 12. Not a lot of standing room either. Menu: Tapas, "Platos Fuertes" (Main Dishes, literally translated from Strong Dishes, lol) 3 choices of yummy tummy sangria and wine and beer. Everything looked amazing and there was even a $20.10 3 course meal to choose from as well (with standard tapas, Specials for Main Dishes and Specials desserts) We chose to do a Tapas tour and ordered: Gambas (shrimp wrapped in ripe plantain "maduros" and drizzled with something akin to awesome sauce. Guacamole (which was. A-MAY-zing!) You could tell it was made just then from the bright bright green color. The avocado was creamy, just enough salt, just enough lime and tomatos. My boyfriend didn't care for the red peppers they put in there, but there weren't that many and I didn't mind it. They Guac came with soft, fried chips... that were perfect. Fried Goat Cheese: which was disapointing.. but only because I don't think I like goat cheese as much as I'd like to. My boyfriend like it a lot though. So... if you like Goat Cheese.... go for it... If you aren't sure, order something else. Crab Cakes: oh muyh gu'ness... so delicious. Crabby but not fishy, crisp outsides and great sauce. Again, the BF didn't care for the peppers in the mix, but he is weird. Sangria: Sangria needs its own category. We got the Premium Red Sangria that had Cointreau or something. It was really tasty.... and STRONG. You get a really good amount too. We probably each has 4-5 glasses from the pitcher and were good and fun afterwards. If you like your sangria really sweet, you might not love it, but try it anyway. For me, it was perfect... balanced the peppers and sofrito flavors really well. Cafe con leche. Was perfect, served in a nice glass. Very fancy. Foamy creamy with strong coffee. Lastly... the service was FAN-TAS-TIC. New plates and utensils between meals, tapas served two at a time to accommodate the small table, and the server poured our Sangria FOR US whenever it was low. The service was 100% fine dining and was exquisite. ESPECIALLY for Staten Island I was surprised and thrilled. I will be going back there, several times, for drinks, apps and food.
