I recently dined with 7 friends and overall, we were disappointed with our experience. The restaurant was only about 1/2 - 2/3 full, yet we had to request more water and additional drinks repeatedly. The server was friendly but rarely checked in to see how we were doing or if we needed anything else. Out of the 8 of us, I would say that 2 people were very impressed with their food, 2 were very disappointed, and the rest thought it was so-so. I called several days before our reservation to make sure they would have vegan options. I was told that someone would call me back but they never did. Fine. When I arrived, I informed the server that I'm vegan and he recommended two particular entrees. Someone else came to take the order so I ordered one of the recommended entrees, along with an appetizer and a couple drinks. Perhaps I don't eat at fancy restaurants enough, but I had no idea that "sweet breads" are not actually breads. They are a baby cow's neck. Disgusting! Nobody else at the table knew that it would be meat and the menu described it as "crispy sweet breads with fennel". It was listed in the appetizer section, so it is very reasonable to assume that a dish described as bread would actually be bread! Apparently the server had not relayed to the person taking the order that I'm vegan so she didn't warn me. When I saw the meat on my plate, I called the original server over and handed him the plate. I told him that it was meat and I'm vegan. He responded "well, it's sweet breads". I told him that I thought it was bread. He then said "yes, sweetbreads". He didn't even apologize for the misunderstanding or offer to bring something else. How is this acceptable? The desserts were a particular source of disappointment. I ordered the lychee-anise sorbet, which wasn't my favorite, but I was expecting an unusual flavor so that's fine. Four people ordered the chocolate tart with ice cream but three of them found the chocolate to be intensely bitter and inedible. Another couple ordered the peaches and cream dessert but both thought it lacked flavor and wasn't sufficiently sweet. Considering that 8 people ordered appetizers, entrees, desserts, and countless drinks, I would have expected MUCH better service. I will not be back again.
