My girlfriend and I came here with our respective families for a graduation dinner, expecting great things. We barely managed to have a good time, despite Eno Terra's best efforts to ruin dinner. Before we even got into the restaurant, the (mandatory) valet crashed our car. Literally just backed it into another car in the driveway. One of the tail lights was blown out and rear bumper bent in so it wasn't just a bump. The manager hardly seemed concerned and did little to amend the situation other than asking to see proof of insurance. Following that, it took at least four different attempts to give everyone in the party a menu; the server kept bringing too few for everyone to have one. The same happened with water and we had to ask multiple times for everyone that was missed to get a glass. There was a large party upstairs that apparently was much more valued than we were. The waitress told us as much, saying they would "get to our food as soon as everyone upstairs was served." Why would you tell your customers that there are OTHER customers you are prioritizing? I get that you have to, but don't tell us to our faces that the larger party is more important. We waited two hours before seeing any food, and they couldn't even refill the bread baskets for us after we burned through them while waiting. Let's not forget they had crashed our car already - the manager couldn't swing us even our appetizers as we waited? We saw at least one other table get up and leave during this time. When the food did come, reviews were mixed. Personally, my pesto pasta was miserable, oily, and bland. It tasted and looked like the bottom-of-the-pan scrapings from upstairs. For our two hours wait, the manager offered us a complimentary dessert platter. "At last, justice!" I thought. Finally recognition that service had been terrible, we had waited two hours, and the restaurant had crashed our car. But this complimentary dessert platter was very obviously the leftovers from upstairs. It was 8 cookies (9 people in our party), one random little tart, and one other random pastry, none of which were particularly good. Pathetic, yet the restaurant still had the audacity to charge 20% gratuity and offer no other compensation for their terrible service. Will not be returning anytime soon.
