This place is my go-to place if I need a quick Korean food fix and want a bunch of random stuff instead of one dish. Basically, the store has a food bar of a variety of cold and hot korean dishes (some aren't strictly korean, but whatever, they're still pretty good for something out in a food bar instead of prepared by order food). They also recently added a noodle bar, which is kind of similar to the noodle places in the food court across the street as well. They serve a variety of simple, cheap noodle soup / noodle dishes that are all familiar if you're used to eating korean/asian noodle dishes. So just between those two, I can always get my korean food fix. :) and the prices are awesome aka cheap. just be careful at the food bar though -- moderation is key bc you pay by the pound! it's somewhere like 5.99 or 6.99/lb. Then the rest of the store has a variety of things to go -- there's a lot of pre-prepared foods, like kimchee fried rice, bulgogi, spicy pork bbq, kimbap (california rolls but korean style -- just go try it), this semi-spicy-tangy-sweet chicken thing that i don't know if there's an english translation for...and then a row of korean side dishes (banchan). all of it is pretty darn cheap -- last time i was there, a row of kimbap was 3.50...so was a tray of chicken thing (1 serving each). they have combo packs combining the two, which comes with some sort of soup of the day (miso, seaweed, beef broth, beansprout...just your regular selection of korean side-soups). and depending on the season, they'll have different type of rice cakes...i dont know if it's actually seasonal or just whatever they end up having. but i love just grabbing a couple since they're usually about $1, good snack on the go. :) to top it all off, they have a very extensive drink selection -- everything from korean pop drinks, to imported beers and wine, to japanese sake and korean soju (alcohol), to just regular juice packs...to regular sodas...i mean, seriously, there's like a different variety of everything. and the alcohol is DEFINITELY much cheaper here than anywhere on ktown 32nd street anyways...so if you're just looking for a casual night with some friends, and want to drink some cheap alcohol as pre-game/post-game type deal, this would be the place to do it. you're allowed to consume the alcohol at the place (they give you the appropriate cups / utensils to do this), and there are usually plenty tables. and oh, did i mention this place is open till like 4am? that helps tremendously, whether it is finding a place AFTER coming from some night club for food or for more good times...and yes, there's a bathroom in here, which is also very essential... i'm definitely a frequent visitor so i have a punch card  (they usu. ask you if you want one if you're korean, but probably not if you're not...so just ask for one...you get a stamp for every $5 you spend and you get a gift when you reach a certain # of stamps). i basically stop by here almost every time i'm around this area, which is more often than i should be... the only reason it's 4 instead of 5 stars because although i love the versatility of the place, the quality of the food is just...meh. i mean, it's sitting there for most of the time, and it's not bad. but it's just normal food. nothing out of this world. i could probably make some dishes better than they make it here, but they make it en masse, so that's quite understandable. overall -- if you're looking to sit down and actually have good korean food, you probably shouldn't be coming here given how many restaurants are around the area. but if you're grabbing something to go or just want something quick because you're a korean who just wants korean food at random times (aka me), then this is def. the place to be. if you want a casual place to chill out with some friends + eat a little, drink a little maybe -- also a great place to be.
