It was Valentines Day and the plan was to go to Lucali, get there for lunch and stroll around Carroll Gardens. We get to Lucali at 4pm, were told to come back at 6. So we did and came back to a growing line (we were the warm ones inside the car!). I searched Yelp for a back-up. Something off the beaten path - preferably a well kept secret. And Petit Crevette (what a pun, a small shrimp! Like me!) sounded great. We were on the call list for a table at Lucali, so we marched towards Plan B. They told us there was a very limited number of tables without reservations and that if we had to we might not be able to stay. Twas fine. A bowl of chowder and then pizza a Lucali would have been perfect. The ambience was sparkly and I could have sworn we were in CT or Rhode Island! Fish nets with fake sealife and sailboats. It's not just cute, it's what this place is about! Good fun eating! We had a choice between Prixe-Fixe and a la carte. The Prixe-Fixe was $50 a person, but a la carte had better options, for me at least. All their food looks fresh in the deli-style fridge. You have many options from delicate yet hearty chowder to salads to all-in-one meals. My seafood chowder was unreal, the bechemel not too savoury or dense, all the seafood was soft and perfectly cooked. Seasonal vegetables like squash that give in with every bite. I could eat it every day for a year. i swear. It puts all other chowders to SHAME. It was topped with blanched heirloom tomato. Our entree was the seared tilapia with a sprinkling of capers, sauteed seasonal veggies and mashed potatoes. All done to perfection. The tilapia however could have been thicker and a little rarer. Other than that, the white wine sauce was the cherry on top. About the restaurant itself, it's cozy with mismatched furniture. Features a seating area by the front door and another larger area for groups in the back. A kitchen, to reflect the neighborhood itself: small, open and inviting. Remember to bring your own bottle of wine, there's a place to buy some next door and don't be shy with the chef. He's snappy but so much fun! I can't help but reiterate what others have said: this is gem and the best kept secret of the neighborhood. I'm not going to blog and post and blow up this place, but I'll bring a friend and hope they do the same. Cheers.
