The first time I went to this restaurant, the food was good, but the service not so much.  My second visit was horrible. Bad, bad, bad customer service and expect to wait for an hour on Friday or Saturday night. I called in advance to make a reservation and was told that no reservations  were taken before 9:30pm on Fridays and Saturdays. They said that only walk-ins were welcome before 9:30pm. This place has a Restaurant and also a Bar and Grill. When my friend and I arrived at 8:30pm, we pulled up to the valet, left our keys and then entered the restaurant in a very weird entrance that when you enter you are standing almost on top of patrons while they eat their food.  There was no hostess to greet us and we waited for 10 minutes before I got a waiter's attention and he then summonsed the hostess.  After waiting for 10 minutes, a hostess finally appeared only to ask us if we had reservations (uggh!)  Once I informed her that when I called I was told that reservations were only accepted after 9:30pm, she responded that "the reason they only take reservations after 9:30pm is because they were booked before 9:30pm".  This was not at all what I was told on the phone.  She was unapologetically informed us that there would be a 90 minute wait (Yikes!). We then walked to the Bar and Grill (which was ridiculously crowded) and again there was no hostess to greet us. After waiting for 5 minutes, I grabbed a waiter's attention and provided him with our names. He then disappeared into the overcrowdedness never to be seen again, while we reluctantly waited another 10 minutes before I had to grabbed another waiter (grabbing waiter's attention had become my newly acquired skill), who told us the wait would be an hour.  Needless to say we high-tailed it out of there, and had to pay the valet for parking even though we did not dine.  We vowed never to return to this place again.   Why didn't the valet inform  us of the wait time?  Because the owners tell them not to tell customers about the wait time on purpose so that they can keep up their pretentious reputation. Restaurant Valenca runs a shoddy, unorganized restaurant with poor customer service, but people put up with it to see steak cooking in front of them on a hot stone.  I think that they need to get it together or else customers will happily eat at one of the other hundred Portuguese Restaurants in Northern New Jersey with much better service.   Follow up - I went to Mojito's in Elizabeth when I left Restaurant Valenca and the customer service was superb, the wait time was 5 minutes, and the food was outstanding.  Do not bother waiting for bad customer service at Restaurant Valenca, just head 10 minutes to Mojito's instead.
