I visited this place while I was on vacation in Burlington, Vermont. Our hosts recommended this place, especially their oyster deal (sun-thurs from 4-5, oysters at the bar are $1 each). We didn't make it in for the oyster deal, but we did get a reservation for 5pm dinner (popular place, recommend a reservation). First for ambience. Totally awesome. Lots of fireplaces all around, which was great considering it was -6 degrees and snowing outside. Very clean and modern, wood beams and black tables. Started with the oysters, since apparently a guy from Boston comes up every few days to deliver oysters so they're incredibly fresh. I've never been a big fan of oysters, but tried these. They were really good (probably beyond amazing if you're into oysters). Nested in a bowl of ice, they were pretty big, and so tender without that overly strong ocean taste. They also came with freshly grated horseradish, lemons, mignonette vinegar, and cocktail sauce. I put all of them on my osters, and they were delicious without being overpowering. We then got a few small plates to share. Portions were small, but good for getting a few and splitting. The two standouts were the lamb sausage pappardelle and the lobster. Oh, my god. The sauce on the lamb sausage was so full of flavor and richness, the pasta was perfectly cooked and held the sauce well, and the lamb sausage was crumbled so you could mix it well with bites of pasta and sauce. I almost licked the bowl. The lobster was at least as good, maybe even better. I've never had lobster that was packed with so much flavor. Served on pureed parsnip, which doesn't sound appealing, but was more delicious and creamy than the best mashed potatoes I've had. If it had been three times the size, I would've eaten three times as much. So good. Also got the butternut squash fritters, which were very tasty, with some honey drizzled to give it a nice sweet kick. We split a large plate. Got the hangar steak based on some other reviews. But i was slightly disappointed, especially after the lamb and lobster. It was cooked perfectly (medium rare), but lacked real flavor. Also was a little tough, which can be ok if you get more flavor, but ended up being so-so. The blue cheese also didn't have a ton of flavor, which was sort of odd. Almost knocked my review to 4 stars, but the lobster and lamb were just too good. If you're into beer, especially local beer, they have a solid selection. Very delicious. Also have a full wine menu if you're into that instead. The waitress was very knowledgable about everything on the dinner menu and the drinks menu, which you don't always find. Very friendly, GREAT service. A bit pricey, but well worth it for a nice date or special occasion. Or if you are just in the mood for some amazing food. Would definitely go back if I'm back in Burlington! Best meal of the week.
