I don't know if I can put into words how amazing this place is. I've had about a week to think about it, and yet I don't know if there is any language that could accurately describe how I feel about Amada. To start off, I have never heard anything about this place since I live on the complete opposite side of the US. My sister however lives on the east coast, so since I was visiting she brought me here for a slightly late birthday dinner. It has a great atmosphere with dimmed lighting, elegant tables and chairs (I even think I saw some comfy looking couches), and awesome servers. You can get sangria in a pitcher which is great when you have a table of 4 people, and who doesn't want a pitcher of (good) sangria? We got the $65 per person chef's selection which was completely incredible, but a bit too much food. We had a hard time keeping up with all the food and at the end we had to ask "Is it over yet?? Please say it's over!" They were also incredibly understanding and accommodating for personal preferences; we had someone at the table who absolutely loathes seafood and I'm also not a huge seafood lover, so they brought us each course with two dishes- one seafood dish and one non-seafood dish. This was absolutely perfect and also allowed us to try a larger amount of dishes. There were so many dishes though I don't think I could accurately describe each one to you, but my favorites were this absolutely amazing pork, some sort of crazy delicious sausage, and prosciutto covered spinach salad with figs. They even brought this ice cream with a sort of thin mint dessert and a candle for my birthday which was super sweet of them. I had never had tapas before now, and after this experience I'm definitely going to have to try out more tapas places. However, I don't know if any of them will be able to live up to Amada- it's a hard role to fill! I'm definitely going to have to come back here next time I visit the east coast; in the mean time I'll have to make do with simply dreaming about returning.
