Went to this place for a friend's bday.  Decor and atmosphere is decent, spacing is limited though.  For a Saturday night, most tables were filled.   We were here for a Birthday Party, but it wasn't a great experience.  Service was very poor.  The female server, kept pushing our group to order more drinks, appetizers, and desserts.  Reminded me of a money grubber, so it was an instant turnoff.  I had the special African beer, which was way too sweet and light.  Would not recommend it.   The chef seems like a nice guy, as he greeted guests.  At times it seemed akward, since he'd be starting at the customers while seated at the bar area. The service of the bread seemed visually poor.  The bread was cut up and placed in dissarray in a plate.  I would've preferred either a small loaf or bigger pieces.  It was grilled with some olive oil, and with butter it tasted good.  The best part was that the bread was warm. The menu is eccletic, and portions are pretty generous.  I had the red snapper which was a special that night.  It was served over a bed of crispy veggies(red peppers, leeks, red onion in vinagrette).  The skin was crispy and the fish was very tasty.   Nothing though wowed me about this dish. The red reduction sauce was average.   The appetizers, seemed decent.  I tried the fried calamari, and it was pretty OK, not great.  A group next to us had the fois gras, which didn't look great.  We saw another group next to us order the Escargot, which looked good.  One of my friends got the octopus salad, which she said was pretty good.   I would have given this place 2 stars, but since we were a large group,  they put a "delivery charge", AKA a gratuity of about 23%.  I'm fine with gratuity being 18% when there's a group of 5 or more, but 23% without any notice or warning is pretty unacceptable.  We would've created more of a fuss about this, but since it was our friend's birthday we took it in stride.   I'd pass, and opt for better food.  I don't want to say it, but it's a HYPE.
