February 2009. New York City on the corner of 48th and 6th street. Clamoring out of a cheap comedy club with mediocre acts at 1:00 AM, I am spit out into a dilapidated alley. The clear skies above are no indication of the freezing conditions, leaving me and four Southern California habitants thinking the world is going to end. Without any sense of direction, we blindly wander toward what we thought was a subway station. As we walked, we approached 49th street. 50th. 51st. Suddenly, it happened. The most fantastic smell, the kind of thing angels are made from, wafted in the air. What on Earth could smell so great? Our olfactory sense stimulated, we began walking briskly to the source of euphoria. Then, we saw it, a haphazard line that looked like a line for a popular attraction at Disneyland on a busy summer night. In the far distance, an aluminum cart facing away from the street with four busy workers feeding the masses. This line would surely take forever, but the aroma made it impossible to pass up. Many people were walking away with a round, aluminum receptacle containing the goods. A couple in line said they drove all they way from Connecticut for the sole reason of getting this food. Of all the things the Big Apple has to offer, THIS is why they came from CT? Without warning, we were next in line. Where the hell is the menu? I hear one person shout chicken and another shout lamb. Clearly flustered by the pressure, I meekly say "chicken." A burly man with a ridiculous beard bellows "WHAT?!" and I cower and say chicken a little louder, but with a noticeable squeak in my voice. The man shovels rice into the tin, passes it down the line where it receives chicken, bread, and a bunch of other goodness. I forget how much it costs exactly, but its under 10 bucks, which is a bargain in NYC as far as I'm concerned. At the end there is this spicy red sauce that I generously pour over my, well, my feast. Nestling down in a corner in the freezing NY weather, and armed with a fork and an army of napkins, I lifted the cover and dived straight in. Before I took my first bite, my night flashed before my eyes. Could this meal erase the terrible comedy show that I threw down money for? It sure has hell did. My frozen brain couldn't comprehend how something could be so delicious from a cart that looked like it had less capabilities then one of those Fisher Price play kitchens. Like a perpetual motor, I ate the delicious meal without worrying about breathing, checking on my colleagues, or caring about the napkins being tossed about by the wind. The delicious rice, the spiced chicken, and the hot sauce was the most delectable thing I had had in NYC, if not all of the United States. Think that's hyperbole? I got up after I finished, got in line, and ordered the lamb entree. It's like lather, rinse, and repeat but with food. The lamb is definitely more delicious, assuming you like the strong flavor of tender, juicy lamb moreso than chicken. The rice is basmati, and is a perfect complement to the heaping pile of meat they give you.   I didn't understand the allure of street food until I had the halal cart. Simply amazing. I can only imagine how delicious it would be if one is inebriated, but in my sober state, I enjoyed every bite. By far the worst part of the experience was walking away from the cart, trying to steal the aroma from that greedy air that arguably loves when the halal cart sets up shop. As I passed by the comedy club that I threw down 10 dollars for, I vowed that in the future, the only way to spend a night in New York is with the burly men by the halal cart. Hmm. There's got to be a better way to say that.
