I and my husband tried this place because I was in a mood for Tapas and Yelp came to our rescue again. We found this place and hesitatingly stepped inside the cramped space. We have all heard of hole-in-the-wall-food wonderlands, so decided to have a little more faith. We were greeted by the owner and his hospitable greetings won me over. We were asked where we would like to sit and I chose the upper loft and picked a corner table. The location of the restaurant likely commands a premium but the space is cramped. This negative is balanced by the attentive service that we got from the owner himself. We had a Bordeaux and Malbec and dared to pair it with 2 hard cheeses and Brie. It took great skill on the owner's part to recommend another hard cheese replacing the Brie, without telling us that we were committing a fundamental mistake with our pairing. The 3-cheese appetizers were served with walnuts, sliced apricots and a absolutely delightful side of rosé jam. The rose jam went really well with white bread, with creamy cheeses on the platter and even with some blue cheese. Needless to add, it was hard for us to not polish the jam off even after devouring all the cheeses. Also served with the appetizers was some raisin bread, white bread, and olive oil dip, which were all divine. The wine complemented this assortment quite well and was served at the right temperature. For our main course we had Turkish beef dumplings with a yogurt garlic sauce and Bulgur patties. The Turkish beef dumplings surprised me as I expected them to be like Chinese dumplings in size but the dish was cut in small bites and mixed with the yogurt- garlic sauce. After the cheese platter it seemed like a substantial helping and not Tapas. The taste was delicate and interesting. The Bulgur patties were actually Bulgur dough stuffed with lamb and nuts and fried. The recommendation was to slice the pattie and squeeze the lemon juice inside it  before tasting it. And it sure worked well. All through the dinner our water glasses were refilled and the service was uber- attentive. It was an overall delightful dining experience and the owner's attentiveness and eagerness to ensure that we enjoyed the food, gave it a personal touch missing at many fine dining restuarants.
