I'll echo the other very low ratings already given - this place needs a rework on the interior and the management to say the least. I went there as a favor to a friend who started working there, but I wouldn't eat there again if I was getting paid! Apparently the only people who frequent the place are self-absorbed townies who consider it their hometown diner. Anyone else would want to yak. The interior looks like a formica nightmare. The management consists of rude, abrupt, snotty old timers with a few younger obnoxious foreigners who think that they work at the four seasons. They all need to be replaced with people who have people skills, instead of people obsessed with cutting pastries into pieces to make more money. The food is lousy, and that's coming from someone who is not a picky eater. The staff are mixed, but mostly unable to act like normal human beings. Instead of the focus being on the customer, the focus is on arguments with the management. My first time there,  a waitress with brown curly hair was having an argument with the most snotty manager over a billing error, which turned into a calculator being thrown. Regarding calculators, the place is littered with calculators, instead of having them away from eating areas and out of sight (e.g. in the back room). Miss curly brown hair went on the pull her pants up, sticking her rear at me while I was eating at the counter. Then, since I apparently wasn't giving her enough attention, she leaned backwards against the counter so that her bushy pony tail was practically in my food. Finally I said "nice hair" to sarcastically acknowledge her ponytail invading my eating space. You just can't make this stuff up. The customers' eating space doubles as a corral for calculators and piles of customer bills, which again could & should be kept out of sight somewhere else. A staffer took my order and literally got everything wrong even though I repeated it twice. When I asked another staffer for a slice of lemon, and it was a half an hour while being told repeatedly "it's being cut". If you don't live in this town, don't eat here. If you do live in this town, don't eat here, this place is an insult to everything decent, human, and friendly about diners.
