If I were able to give it no stars, trust me I would. It was that bad. Now I know many people say this and I'm sure  they were probably wronged, but believe me when I say that this establishment is definitely deserving of negative stars. Anyway here it goes... My fiancee and I went in to get a quick bite to eat while we were running errands. Being students and working full-time, we appreciate quality food and quicker service, and will tip accordingly based on how the staff will go the extra mile. I ordered a BBQ chicken supermelt, and she got a burger. We split them so we each get half and half, as we always do. The burger tasted downright FUNKY. To say it smelled like a foot after gym class is giving too much credit. At first I thought it was the lettuce, but then it turned out to be really bad meat. Didn't look to be undercooked though. The waitress came over, and was very nice. She sent over the manager, ( Cesar is his name I believe ). We explained, and his reply was classic.... "We receive them in the plastic wrapping. It's vacuum sealed, so I'm not sure what happened..." and then he walks away.... Hmm...thanks for the effort there. My fiancee couldn't  even finish her half of the burger, and nothing was offered. I believe we just got dessert after, and then brought the check to be paid. The assistant manager, who no longer works there, was surprised about the burgers, but admitted he had never tasted them. No discount was offered off the meal, and then when they ask how everything was, we replied... "It was ok..." Then the golden ticket of punchlines by Cesar... "Except the burger right???" The snob is wearing the biggest s**t eating grin on his face as he says this. The future wife and I turn our heels so fast to the door, and that marked our last time that we will ever step foot in this hole. I e-mailed Friendly's Corporate, and explained the situation. I even threw it out there to them that a sundae or appetizer on the house would have made everything right. No word back. This all went down in July of 2014. And coming from someone who went to Friendly's often when it was still in Fair Lawn, I have a special place in my heart for this establishment. As far as this Bloomfield location goes, my fiancee has been going to it since she was a child and has seen it go down hill. Good luck in the future, but you will not see another dime from either of us. The word was spread to friends and family, and now here it is on Yelp.
