Fun, romantic, delicious and cool.  Yes, it's really as great as people say.  We went with locals who said they've been their 20 times; it's one of their favorites, and they are from the other side of NYC.  We made reservations for 4 several weeks in advance.  If the table's not ready, they cheerily ask for your number and call you once it is.  There is a gentleman who literally keeps his eye on everything in the restaurant all night to make sure every customer is happy.  Awesome!  Our waitress was lovely and suggested the greatest wine (Slingshot Cab), also very reasonably priced. We ordered the sliders, and they put them on little plates for each of us, which was a really nice touch, I think.  I had just a bite of the lobster appetizer; everyone seemed pleased with that dish.  The lobster was easy to eat and perfectly tender.  As soon as I bit into a slider, I recognized that lamb was in it; the trio of meats made for a tasty treat indeed. I would order those again in a heartbeat. Our local friends told us that if we split two dishes, that the staff would perfectly separate the orders on dishes for each of us, and that's exactly what they did.  My BF and I split the pork chop and the chicken.  Both were thick and juicy, and were served with wonderful things (it's so dark I really couldn't see what everything was, but there was a white bean salad with maybe kale in a vinagrette that perfectly complemented the meats, extremely tender and yummy asparagus pieces, and I'm thinking a third thing, too).  The pork chop has a delicious sauce, but that's not to say it needs the sauce in each bite for flavor.  We also ordered mashed potatoes, which were good (and green!), but we definitely didn't need them because we had so much food. Our companions ordered seafood dishes, which they were quite happy with.  Their port wine is served in a generous enough pour, too, FYI, for you dessert wine lovers.  Also, they bring you the whole huge can of Six Points beer with a cold glass.   To top off the night, the bathroom (which is small but very cute and clean) has a picture of Jimmy Page in it.  How totally cool.  The whole vibe of the restaurant is really "nice" and romantic, but not stuffy even the least bit.  All four of us had jeans on, and we felt totally at home among others who were dressed up a little more than us.  The staff at the Litte Owl could not be more friendly and accomodating.  Yes, it's cozy and a little bit loud, but not intrusively, and looking around, I can't imagine anyone would feel as if they are having to "dine with the next table" like you do at some restaurants.  We felt like our conversations were completely private.  Finally, going to the Little Owl will not kill your wallet compared to some other choices.  This is a nice option for just about anything - going with your friends, on a date, or with your out of town guests - but just be sure to make reservations far enough in advance.
