Took my bf out to dinner the other night and we both loved the meal from start to end.  The only thing that we didn't enjoy was how loud the place got when we went to eat.  (8pm on a weeknight) Made reservations as I had read on yelp how busy the place got at night.  Glad I did.  =)  Asides from the noise, the ambiance was great.  Having never been to Greece, upon seating at our table, I felt like we were transported to a Greek taverna. Let me just say... the prices AND food were great!!! We started off with some baba ganoush with pita, which my bf said was one of the best he had ever tasted.  I liked the fact that it was nice and light, and did not have a heavily roasted flavor. After that, we ate the sheep's milk ravioli which was also yummy.  Looking back we would probably not order the ravioli again as entrees and dessert were quite filling...  I would recommend it if someone wanted to get some Greek macaroni/pasta.   For entree's he got the Grilled Branzino, Potato, Olive, Tomato which was perfectly cooked.  The fish was moist and fresh.  I got the Roasted Lemon Chicken, Potato, Garlic, and Dill.  While I normally do not order chicken at restaurants, after reading multiple reviews on yelp, I had to order the chicken.  The right choice =)  It was lemon-y and saucy and perfect.  I even had an extra piece of chicken and some potatoes for leftovers.   We were both very pleased with our dishes.   After having such a good meal, I couldn't pass on dessert.  I wanted to go for 3/3 solid dishes on the meal so I got the Rice Pudding.   SOOOOOOO GOOOOD.  My bf had said he was full but he kept eating spoonful after spoonful.  ;) The rice pudding was a perfect consistency, not too rich or too sweet.  I could eat 2 or 3 cups of it just as a meal.   Living in NYC it's been hard to find some good quality appetizers under 10 bucks, and entrees for under 20 bucks. I finally found a place. =0 So glad to have found Kefi.  One of the best meals I've had EVER.  Can't wait to be back!
