I spent the better part of my day walking from 50th Street to get to Little Italy, and all I can say is what a treat. Little Italy is certainly little, but has a lot to offer for pasta lovers like myself. The trouble is, which restaurant do you go to? Some of them were easy to filter out if you look at the ratings on Yelp, but I still needed to sift through many more with high but equal ratings. I had originally thought that Piemonte Ravioli Co. was its own restaurant when I saw that it had one of the highest reviews on Yelp. The fact that they make their own pasta was also a huge selling point for me, but as a tourist without his own kitchen, there was no way I'd be able to try their pasta since it turned out they only sell them raw or dried. What better way though, to get a taste of Little Italy than a meal served with Piemonte's locally made pasta? Well, as it turns out, Piemonte supplies their pasta to many of the restaurants in the vicinity. When I asked whom they supply their pasta to the most, the lady told me Benito One. And so within minutes, there I was, table for one by the window looking out into the streets of Little Italy, New York. It would have been pretty damned romantic had I not been by myself. The menu was pretty staggering and somewhat foreign, which was delightful considering most restaurants only offer the basics like marinara, pesto, carbonara, and al fredo, so I went with it by ordering something I had never heard of: The Spaghetti Puttanesca - $15.50 for spaghetti with tomatoes, anchovies, olives, and capers. Looking back at it, I realize now that I should have gotten a pasta recipe that was a little more elaborate, but with green olives and anchovies, you can imagine how salty and tasty the puttanesca was. I thoroughly enjoyed every single bite of that meal, and it paired so well with my red wine, too. What was also nice to see was that the portions weren't over the top. I comfortably finished my meal and ate all my bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar on the side without feeling overly bloated, so it was nice not to have to take anything home. Needless to say, I needed about half a pack of tic tacs to get my breath down to a manageable level. I felt kinda bad for taking up a whole table for myself as groups were starting to flood the restaurant that Saturday afternoon so I rushed myself out a bit, but it was so worth the experience overall. I wish I could go back again. The next time won't be soon enough.
