Who doesn't love Tom's Diner? Morons. That's who. Apparently this place has been here forever and I've overheard the manager/owner/stern-looking-Italian-dude tell someone that this place has been owned and ran by the same family for 3 generations. I always get the Corn Beef Hash and Eggs, side of French Fries, Rye Toast and a side of Bacon. Sometimes I get a Pastrami or Brisket Sandwich to go. Someone wrote on here that the Corn Beef Hash is out of a can. If it is, I want to know where to get that can so I "can"  (derp!) have this stuff at home EVERY DAY! The Bacon can be a bit crunchier, but I don't mind a bit of chew on my bacon so it's fine. Sometimes it's too crunchy but, hey, stop being a shiny lil' bitch. The coffee can be a bit stronger but I don't need too much of a wake-up-coffee on weekends when I'm willing to stand in line for one of the only decent afternoon breakfasts in Brooklyn. On the contrary, after eating my meal here I'm usually ready to go back to sleep. Their French Fries are of the battered variety - which in my opinion is the only french fries that should be allowed at restaurants. They're awesome when you dip it into their Chapotle Sauce - which is actually good on everything! There is the most sweet woman (that I guess is called a greeter?) assigning seats and otherwise making sure that everyone is comfortable, at ease, and getting what they want in a timely manner. The somewhat indimidating Italian-looking owner, as others have mentioned, does go from table to table to make sure everyone is enjoying themselves and their food - in this context, you may wonder what I mean by enjoying themselves... Don't worry, this is a family friendly place. The pastrami, corned beef, brisket and roast beef is extremely and surprisingly legit for a random diner in brooklyn - and I only go to 2nd ave deli for my meat so... The decor, as others have mentioned, is very Christmas-y and old-school. Your grandmother would k'vell - if Christmas loving gentile grandmothers could k'vell! NOW... The only real issue I have with this place - and this very important - do not negate this - is the electric hand-dryer in the bathroom. It is probably the first electric hand-dryer ever invented. I can actually dry my hands faster by blowing on them myself. By the time you're finished letting it waft a slight (bathroom-germ infested) breeze on your hands and you get even close to dry, you're ready to start your whole bathroom routine all over again because it all took so long. There are no paper-towels or anything to use instead, but you will notice that many people use the toilet paper to dry their hands. This leaves your semi-dry hands with shredded toilet paper all over it. It looks like the skin is peeling right off your hand. So, in case you were wondering, this accounts for the constant line outside the bathroom: people are just standing there mindlessly with their hands under that useless electric hand-dryer. If it dried any slower, it would actually be making your hands wetter! Come on, get the Dyson or the Excelator hand-dryers. They take 3.4 seconds flat to dry hands. This is a HUGE issue for me, so I HAVE TO take off a point. I'm so sorry. They have to get a better hand-dryer so that it actually dries. Tip: Take one of the napkins they give you - or better yet, steal a couple near the ice bucket station on your way to the bathroom. Other than that, all the staff is always kicking ass, giving me a hassle when I don't come in with a girl for them to check out, know what without me even having to order and pretty much treat me like a king. There's a depressed looking older Mexican woman that cleans tables and steals entire bills from her employer when no one is looking, but who really cares??? The old greeter-man that gives out free stuff while you wait in line (former owner?) never remembers your name or the conversation you had with him the time before, but who cares??? It makes it all the more fun and you know what he's gonna ask and what you're gonna tell him already so you get to refine the conversation every time to hilarious effect. Bottom line: don't come to this place! You're getting in my way, causing big lines, you don't like Christmas in July, you're ordering burgers at a diner like an asshole, you're not dipping in chapotle sauce, you're standing there like a dick trying to dry your hands... Forget it. Go somewhere else so I can have my afternoon breakfast in peace.
