Dominican and Puerto Rican food (plus other Latin American cuisine items in between) for a fair price, on a comprehensive menu. The Mofongo (a dish of garlicky, mashed plantain, stuffed with any of a number of meats or seafood) is outstanding. The pork chops and roasted chicken (each served with rice and beans) are real treats as well. Their natural juices are also spot-on, particularly the passion fruit juice: flavors that are hard to find at mainstream restaurants but are common to Latin American countries (and quite often Asian countries) are amply available here. Owned by a Dominican gentleman and his Venezuelan wife, Tu Rincon Latino is a tiny spot off of Burnside Avenue, in East Hartford (leaning toward the Manchester side but not far from Hartford itself), with a pretty broad menu of Caribbean food in a very friendly, down-to-earth environment (i.e., unpretentious, unlike other Latin American food restaurants in the area that have become a bit too ambitious in their ambiance for the quality of their food). The restaurant is tiny, consisting of about three or four tables, each with two seats, and a number of stools on a limited but comfortable amount of counter space. A lot of the dishes here (like Puerto Rican Alcapurrias - a fritter dish called Quipe in the Dominican Republic, and Kibbeh in Egyptian and other MENA food restaurants) are not as greasy as they are in most other places serving similar food - giving you a sense that they make their dishes with greater care than most establishments boasting similar menus. The meats are always excellent, very well seasoned, and never dry or excessively greasy (bearing in mind, that a lot of Latin-American food is greasy to begin with).  The fritters are always top quality as well and Tu Rincon Latino does seem to add its own twist to them, e.g., stuffed potatoes (a potato ball with meat in the center) are usually made with a pretty dry ground beef - not unlike what you'd eat in a taco; at Tu Rincon Latino the meat is seasoned differently and is richer in taste and texture. One great thing about this restaurant is they serve a typical Dominican breakfast that includes eggs, salami, mangu (very similar to mofongo), and fried cheese. It's a pain in the butt trying to find an ethnic restaurant that serves a genuine breakfast dish, and specifically a place that is open this early (6.30AM). This is good value for your money - you can order a few dishes and the portions will be generous. By the time you go up to pay the bill you'll realize how much food you got for the amount of money you end up paying. For Latin American food - or more specifically, Caribbean food, this should easily be looked at as one of the best or the best choice you could make. Other places are overpriced, lack as ample a menu, or are just a bit too pompous for their own good. I would say a comparable restaurant, of similar food quality, is Aqui me Quedo restaurant in Hartford.
