Enter Bistro in a search around Astor Place, and The Smith will be the first locale on the list. And what a nice Bistro style restaurant it is, the greatest thing though, Nouveau American Cuisine that is original, in NYC. A nice change from the redundancy of most American Restaurants. I went here with some friends/family starting with some White Rioja at the bar, which really helped build my appetite, especially seeing all the food around, from the Chicken Pot Pie with Cheddar Biscuit Top to the Ahi Tuna Salad. Even though our entire party wasn't there yet, my friend and I were seated with only two tables open and no reservation on a monday night, party of 4. Something that is rare in restaurants, we got two bottles of water, sparkling and still, nothing too fancy, but free. The bread and butter was good, although the bread was on the hard side, slightly tougher than crusty. At first glance of the menu, the appetizer that popped out at me was the Crawfish Hush Puppies with Old Bay Aioli. Until this night, I don't think that I have had Hush Puppies for 4 years, which was on a drive up from Nashville to NY. I knew I had to try these, which I did, and shared. They were great, not too greasy, fresh tasting, the Aioli had a nice sea breeze taste to it, with the lemon, sort of like a lite tartar sauce. The only thing that may have been disappointing was that there were not larger chunks of crawfish in them, they were mostly small minced pieces that you could hardly notice, but could taste enough to know they are there, and good, even if they are most likely frozen. My other friend had the Avocado Salad, he later stated that there should have been more Avocado. For my main course I couldn't really decide between the Roast Pork Sandwich with Spicy Cauliflower & Fries, the Lamb Schnitzel with Parmesan Crust or the Braised Beef Short Ribs. Then all of a sudden my fathers voice popped into my head saying, "If you see Short Ribs on the menu, get them!" So I did, and I must say the plate was great. Very rich in flavor from the wine sauce, but not overpowering, could be accompanied with a good red, although I decided to switch to Pilsner which wasn't bad at all. The Short Rib was cooked to perfection, you didn't need a knife and it wasn't stringy or too chewy. It tasted fresh and it had to be eaten, fat and all. The way the potatoes were prepared in the dish was very unique, they were whole potatoes, skins and all. The skins were somewhat difficult to break through, but once you did it was like you had opened up the most tender spud ever, it could just be me, but I have rarely had potatoes so perfectly done where the skins stay intact like a steam pouch. There was a nice onion which was subtly sweet and really brought out the flavor of the beef from the sauce. My friends had the Diver Scallops with Girdled Polenta and Melted Leeks, which looked and smelled amazing. Char Broiled Organic Chicken, what can I say, it was what it was, safety item. Burger Deluxe, I am going back to try it, I didn't find out what the special sauce was, and the fries looked good. A couple things that I really wanted to try, but decided to forgo were the Beer Battered String Beans and their desserts, which looked great. So for two carafes of White Rioja, two Pilsners,  two starters, and 4 entrees, the entire dinner with tip came out to around $160-170. I found this a great deal, good atmosphere, I was complemented that evening for my choice, which is thanks to Yelp, and don't really have anything negative to say. The Staff was great, at times they were in the way when you were walking to the immaculate bathroom, but i believe that is because of the slight intimate/friendly/homely atmosphere they have tried to establish, and it works, you aren't bothered. I am a definite fan of The Smith, and will be back on several occasions. A nice place for a date, but also a great place to have a meal with friends or family. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it is slightly out of the cheaper price range that I have grow accustomed to, if it were in the $130-140 range it would have made all the difference. Not a huge fan of the $20+ entree or the $8+ appetizer, especially in these times.
