You know, a synonym for the word public is common... That sounds about right--at least when describing the food. Let's take it from the top, shall we? The place is nice inside. You walk into the converted warehouse and well...it looks like a nicely converted warehouse. Nice lighting and great decor in general. Not sure what the deal is with the slight library influences, but hey, it doesn't take away from the place. I arrived with my girlfriend at around noon for brunch, and there was no wait. I considered myself lucky, because a party of three walked in ahead of us, and immediately walked back out when they were told how long they'd have to wait. I guess there was just an opening for parties of 2. We were greeted politely, and everyone I dealt with throughout the whole experience was equally nice. We sit down and it is wall to wall people. People who all think they're more important than you, most likely. What  you end up with, is a mass of people all trying to talk over one another, and if you're the inside-voice using crowd like me, you'll be repeating things to everyone at your table. A lot. Now, the big reason I came down here, is because of my girlfriend's fascination with all things coconut. We missed out on Clinton Street Baking Company's special that had coconut pancakes, and in an effort to make up for that, I scoured Yelp for any place that served them. Only Public came up as a result. Anyway, back to the brunch. My girlfriend got the aforementioned coconut pancakes, which was served with ricotta, mango salad, and ginger-lime syrup. I got the  tea-smoked salmon with poached eggs and spinach. I also got a side of quinoa hashbrowns, a glass of OJ, and coffee. Once everything arrived, it looked great--but there were some things that were definitely underwhelming. First off, the coconut pancakes...both of them. Yes, I said both, as in two pancakes. Oh, but surely, the mango salad and ricotta made up for the stingy number of pancakes? Have you seen the picture of it here? It's simply a few chunks of mango. It's not a salad--more like bits of mango picked from a more full fruit salad. It all sits in a pond of ginger-lime syrup. I only had a bite of it, but I thought it was pretty tasty. My girlfriend didn't agree. She found the syrup to be an overpowering flavor throughout the dish, her bottom pancake soaking in the stuff. My food? It was eggs benedict with salmon and spinach, pretty much. Nicely poached eggs, not too soft, flavorful salmon, and spinach. The bread crust was insanely hard, and cutting this into pieces that could be chewed proved to be messy. When it all came together though, it was good. The quinoa hashbrowns were a little more dry on the outside than expected, but were really good. Oddly enough, they tasted a bit like the hashbrowns that red-headed clown in the yellow jump suit peddles (a guilty pleasure of mine). The portions could have been a touch bigger. Especially those pancakes, and especially at that cost. I enjoyed my food, but my girlfriend didn't even bother finishing hers. Coffee was $4. OJ was $4. I didn't dare ask for a second. Who prices these things? An hour after this ordeal, I was only a bit full, and I was down $40 (before tip). It was an interesting experience, but not one I'd have more than once.
