My beau and I found ourselves here on a Friday night - date night.  This is a fun little place.  Once the sun sets, the restaurant's romantic ambiance is intensified.  Which was exactly what we wanted! When we first arrived, we ordered our drinks; I got the Cuba Libre (a staple) and he got the Beny More (which was a citrus-y and quite refreshing drink).  They do not make they Cuba Libres with regular Coca-Cola, instead it is Mexican Coca-Cola.  The differences between regular Coca-Cola and Mexican Coca-Cola are small but make a world of a difference to a cocktail like this one.  The soda is made with sugar not high fructose corn syrup which makes it sweeter and nixes that lingering aftertaste that you get from artificial sweeteners. To start off we got the Yuca Frita.  This is the ultimate snack food!  The Yuca is topped with some cilantro, garlic, and salt.  It's simple but emphasizes how the yuca is the star.  It's fried very delicately which gives the yuca a very nutty flavor and the dipping sauce is slightly spicy and cooling.  Those three flavors dancing in your mouth... it's a happy dish. I got the Sopa de Frijoles and he got the Lechon Asado.  The sopa is rich, delicious, and there's just a bit of heat in it.  And just like it should be prepared, you can taste a bit of pork which was probably a ham bone or ham hock left to simmer in the pot with the beans.  I do like sour cream with my black bean soup and the waitress kindly obliged.  The Lechon Asado was as expected: yummy!  It's tender, sweet, and the garlic/lime combo enhances how darn tasty the pork is. I love live music with my cocktails and this jazz trio did not disappoint.  They played a very sultry version of "Summertime" that I loved and it happened to be a beautiful night that night. The wait staff is accommodating and friendly.  However, the place needs to feel a little more Cuban.  I understand it's within it's first 6 months of opening and the food is great but a little more color splashed in would really give it an authentic Havana feel.   The lighting design is great: there's a mix of functional light and accent light and the addition of candles once the sun goes down is always welcomed. Are we coming back?  Absolutely!
