I'd bookmarked this place a while back but crossing the city to get there somehow always got in the way and it wasn't until Diane A.'s birthday that I actually got to check this place out.  It is small but it is not as small as I'd thought.  It has a long bar and then small tables for two with a room in the back for larger parties.  As we'd made a reservation for 6, we managed to get the best table in the house, a little tucked-to-the-side booth like table that fit 6 perfectly.   The sangria was good but the wine list is equally great and with the extensive selection, we were glad to explore.  Atmosphere is cool though not exceptional (maybe it was b/c there was no one for me to make googley eyes at across the table?).  The food is quite good and well worth coming back for.  We shared the following: Ensalada Mixta - white asparagus salad - the white asparagus was light and delicious Garbanzos Fritos - fried chickpeas - reminiscent of Japanese dried nuts/snacks Navajas y almejas - razor clams and cockles - frankly I was disappointed with this one.  I'm a big fan of razor clams and this was underwhelming Pinchos Morunos - Lamb skewers were beyond delicious- highly recommended and I'm not even a fan of skewers Chorizo con Chocolate - sounds great but was just okay Taquitos de atun relleno de boquerones - Tuna was cooked perfectly and the anchovies provided just the right amount of seasoning Beet Salad - a special that evening - was delicious and exactly what you'd expect Paquetitos de jamon con alcachofa - little pockets of ham and cheese - quite good To end the meal, we tried the following: Plato de Quesos de la casa-manchego, valdeon and garrotxa with a bit of Menbrillo Leche frita - OMG!!  We all agreed that this is the best thing ever.  What genius invented this???  Think fried ice cream except with custard Pera al vino - simple but so well executed that it's better than most restaurants' complicated desserts Torta de Santiago - really good as well, esp with the turron (aka Nougat) ice cream Oh and not to leave out the best...  That evening, they had a special that was an entrée size of suckling pig.  Waitress had me at "suckling".  It was crispy and yet the meat inside was tender.  If I'd been alone, I'd have devoured this all by myself.   Food was very good and I can see why the place is so popular.
