Actually, I think I'd give them 2.5 stars = Meh, it's OK. Hubby and I moved to the area less than 2 weeks ago, and tonight we had a couple BIG things to celebrate. First, the house we sold in our former city closed and recorded today - after being on the market for less than 24 hour, closing 3 weeks after it was listed. SWEET! And second, and probably more monumental, today was officially hubby's last day of employment. Tomorrow he joins the ranks of the retired. Needless to say, I was looking for a really special meal to mark the day. Seafood seemed appropriate, and after search Yelp I chose Max Fish as THE spot based on the great reviews by so many folks. I made reservation through Open Table on the Yelp page and we arrived right on time. We were promptly seated and then greeted by our server, Liz. I order a glass of Rose (special for the summer) and we opted for the sparkling water instead of the still. The Rose was just "meh"; later, when the bill arrived, we discovered there was a charge for the sparkling water (around $5 for about a liter of what was probably club soda from the bar). :/ Wish we would have know that, especially before Liz brought us out a refill of our bottle (and charged us another $5 for the great service). I know that sounds cheap and petty, and we probably would have still ordered it, but it was the fact we were not informed that kinda irked me. :/ I was STARVING when we arrived. I saved up my appetite just for this meal. I ordered the yellowtail poke appetizer to start (hubby had been snacking during the day, so he had one bite of my app and did not order his own). There were chucks of super fresh tuna that had been marinating with scallions, sesame seeds, perhaps a little sesame oil and garlic, and soy sauce, and served on top of thin slices of lotus root that had been fried. In total there were 3 of these morsels - each a large mouthful. Too bad they were overly salty. Really too bad. I've had my share of poke - it's what I live on when I'm in Hawaii - and this was a major FAIL. What a waste of superb fish. What was the chef thinking??? No salt is bad, but too much salt ruins a meal. :p I also ate 2/3s of the bread basket. The bread was OK, but not great. I did really like the caraway crisp bread. It, too, was salty, but just this side of being too salty. For my main course I opted for the seared yellowtail served over a cake of potatoes Anna (they called it something else [potato pave] - basically very thin slices of potato layered in a cast iron skillet with about a stick of butter, covered, and the cooked slowly, undisturbed, until the potatoes are meltingly soft with a crisp crust on the bottom. Flip it over and serve), with fresh yellow beans, and topped with a pickled roasted pepper tappenade. All this was sitting on the plate which had been covered in a buerre rouge sauce. This would have been pretty good if the beans had been pan roasted (they were just steamed and lacked flavor) and if the tappenade had not been so overpowering with vinegar and salt brine. The excellent fish was lost in the vinegar and salt. It ruined the dish. Such a shame! Again, I'm not sure what the chef was thinking. Maybe his taste buds are dead and can only taste the sour pungence of vinegar, and he's overly addicted to salt and can't taste when something is too salty. Really disappointing at $27 a plate; still would have been disappointed if the meal had been free. The potatoes were excellent, as was the glass of pinot noir (from New Zealand!). Hubby ordered their burger (he's got a thing for burgers). The patty was thick and juicy and cooked perfectly med. rare. However, the greens were old and wlited. The french fries were quite good, however. For dessert I ordered my favorite go-to option - creme brulee. it was a generously sized serving, with two small cookies half-dipped in dark chocolate. Again, disappointment awaited me. The burnt sugar was not fully melted and did not have the rich caramel color that is associated with this dish; instead, it was the color of the palest honey. Secondly, the custard was over cooked. It lacked the smooth, velvety texture. Luckily, it did not go so far as to be grainy (which would indicate the egg yokes had not been tempered). I didn't bother finishing the dish. Normally I would lick the plate clean. Dinner for 2 came to $100. That included 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, a coffee, a cappuccino, 2 glasses of wine, and two bottles of club soda - a steep price for a mediocre meal at best. The best parts of the meal were our server, Liz, the potatoes from my entree, and the glass of pinot noir. I do not plan on going back to Max Fish for dinner, but I will give it a go for happy hour. Hopefully they will not let me down. Still looking for a good restaurant in the area.
