I was going to talk about their silly policy of having people wait out in the cold (even if it is an enclosed area) until the entire party is seated. I was going to talk about the hostess/greeter talking shop to a trainee while I was in earshot (did you know a party of 2 is allotted 1.5 hours at a table?). However... All of that is water under the bridge because the moment we were seated, everything moved so smoothly, from drink service to food service, I forgot about that whole silliness. The food was so damn delicious! I started out with bacon soup (on the house). It was so savory, I couldn't wait to get my hot little hands on my food order. We had glazed chicken sriracha wings (tasty, but not special; bonus points for no breading); strawberry- cinnamon glazed ribs(delicious! Fell off the bone into my mouth); salt & pepper shrimp (juicy, buttery and crispy at the same time); pork BBQ  rib sliders (Amazing! It literally melts in your mouth); and, muenster cheese with chorizo sausage (I don't eat cheese or bread, but this was too delicious to not at least taste. Which I did. A few times.) You would think with all that food they'd have to roll people out the door, but no! The portions are sized just right so you're satisfied without feeling like a pig. If you're the type who believes that a bigger portion is a better meal, I still say give this place a try! The prices are reasonable enough that for less than 100, you and a friend can have a feast. We had already made our minds up after the disappointing drink selection (it was all tailored to complement the meats) that we would eschew dessert and head to another place for drinks. But, she offered us the menu and, curious, we found ourselves ordering the bacon donuts (don't be grossed out - you can barely taste the bacon it's so mild. And actually, unexpectedly delicious!) and the custard dish (the name escapes me right now, but the combination of whipped cream, custard, chocolate, caramel and sorbet was pretty awesome). I must say, I didn't pay much attention to the ambience because I was there to eat, but  the place is cozy with dim but readable lighting and I did notice when they brought out a high-chair for a party with a baby. (Personally, I don't think this place is ideal to bring a baby, but for the most part the kid was quiet, so what do I know? I only mention it in case you absolutely have to get out of the house and can't get a sitter). I will warn you - make reservations. Especially on weekends They are gracious with you being a little late, but anything unexpected and they may turn you away. It's to help the chef - the hostess was talking about it. Will I go back again? That would be a hell to the yeah. As a side note , we were there 1.25 hours.
