I decided to take a chance on Palma for our weekly date night. My boyfriend and I trade off finding different places to eat in the city and it was my turn to pick! First off I highly recommend making a reservation if you go there. It was only mildly busy by 7pm but after an hour was totally packed. There were 2 very large groups dining there, when I was there and it's a small place. Good thing is I booked reservations on OpenTable and they called me the night before to confirm we were still on for dinner (very nice!) They made sure we had a table, no waiting :) Overall I liked Palma, it makes you feel like your not in NYC for one. It's like a dim-lit tavern and very rustic. My only complaint is that it was sort of cold in there. The night we went it was very rainy and cold outside and I think this little place keeps it in. Nothing a light sweater wouldn't fix, but if we had been seated closer to the door I would of been uncomfortable. The drinks were great and the bartender was very nice, Aussie and totally personable. Oh and very cute (note to the single ladies). We very served very promptly even though it was quite busy. So I think some people who wrote bad reviews make have caught them on a off night. There were 2 parties happening when and we didn't wait long for anything. There was a great flow from drinks to appetizers to our entrees. Both of us thought the food was great but a little on the oily side. Seems someone in the kitchen goes a bit nuts on the olive oil. My salad was great and my boyfriend devoured the calamari. The pasta was very al dente and you can tell it's hand made. Everything was very fresh and we would go back again, it's nice for a date night for sure. Being in the West Village I expected the prices. I think they are a little high, but it's not outrageous for NYC. This and the draftiness of the place is way it only gets 4 stars from me. Other then that it's a great place and I think anyone living in the city should experience at least once :)
