Came here last night with my sister and it was empty. We were excited because we love crepes and I found this place on Groupon so I was hoping it'd be our new go to place. Don't really think I'll be coming back though... First off, I bought this Groupon on December 21 and it says, "Five $7 vouchers: each voucher valid for $7 toward menu items" and the fine print says, "Limit 1 per person. Limit 1 voucher per visit. Valid only for option purchased. 7% NJ sales tax not Included. Not valid with other offers or specials. Must use promotional value in 1 visit. ".  Mind you, they have a new Groupon that says the $7 is only towards gelato, shakes, and juices but that's not the one I had purchased. We went in and a gentleman helped us. He was really nice and gave us time to pick out what we wanted since this was our first time here. The menu is a little overwhelming just because everything sounded so good and we wanted everything. He explained to my sister that they used fresh fruit etc. I told him I had a Groupon and he asked to see it. He told me the Groupon couldn't be used for the crepes, only for gelato, shakes, and juice and also said he asked someone to change the Groupon listing because it was making customers believe it could be used for anything on the menu. Well no kidding, since it flat out says that it can be used for menu items, I would think I could use it for crepes since that's their main thing no? ... Anyway, I was kind of taken aback because the Groupon doesn't specify any of that, as you can see. Also, a note, make sure you specify whether or not you want take out or sit in because dine in prices are more expensive. I told the gentleman take out and he said okay. Then another lady came in to help us finish our orders while he made our crepes. It's made on the spot which was nice. We ordered two drinks with the lady, a strawberry banana juice and my sister had the cookies and cream gelato shake. Mind you, we had already told the guy take out, but I guess that wasn't transferred to her. With the Groupon for the shakes, the total still came out to over $21.... I looked at the receipt and she charged us for a large shake when we asked for the small, so we told her and she said, dine in only comes in large. We said we asked for take out and we got a look.... so she looked at the menu and gave us our $2.50 for the shake. We sat down waiting for the food and she brought me my drink...which was in the dine in glass... I thought we said take out? But I didn't even feel like saying anything so I just drank some. This was $1 more for dine in but I didn't even bother asking for the money back just because it was whatever at that point. My sister's shake was so liquidy and my juice really didn't have much flavor to it. Our crepes came out and the boxes were huge. They were like a foot for each crepe, they looked delicious. We took it home and tried it, I was slightly disappointed. I had the exotic, which was blueberries, rasberries, kiwis, and a sauce. The fruit was sour but they're not in season so it's okay, I didn't mind and finished the whole t hing. Overall, the place was nice, clean, and has potential. Personally, I probably won't be coming back but I know many other people will enjoy it here.
