If there's one thing I am a sucker for, it's burgers. Corner Bistro has been on my list of places to visit for a long time since they're known as having some of the most recognized burgers in New York City. Luckily, I had the chance to visit the other night. First impressions... the inside is nothing special. Think McSorley's with food. In fact, they just so happen to serve McSorley's Ale among the other few beer choices they have on tap. Along with the McSorley's-like interior comes the incredible prices. Here is just a sample of these great prices:    $2.50 for a pint of McSorley's Ale    $7.25 for a Bistro Burger (bacon and cheese)    $6.50 for a cheeseburger    $6 for a hamburger    $6 for a BLT    $4 for a grilled cheese Well, who cares about those last two? You go to Corner Bistro for the burgers. I decided on the following:    Bistro Burger    Fries    Numerous pints of McSorley's Ale Corner Bistro's burgers reminded me of my parent's burgers - huge hunks of ground meat rolled together into a patty. They definitely do not shy away from the amount of meat they use and for the $7.50 Bistro Burger price, this is the best deal in the area. I glanced in the kitchen before sitting down and it looks like these burgers are cooked in a broiler instead of on a grill. This helped to ensure that a lot of the juices did not drip away and is clearly evident in the perfectly melted cheese. Accompanying the cheeseburger were at least three very crispy strips of bacon, lettuce, tomato and onion. One of the best parts of this burger was the bacon. I LOVE crispy, well-cooked bacon and Corner Bistro delivered. Stacked together, the complete package scaled well above the plate. The burger was very well cooked and had a nice flavor to it. Additionally, the crispy bacon added some additional crunchiness that was much appreciated. Aside from the burger, the fries were nothing to write home about. They were plain, not salted and needed a little bit of help before I was truly enjoying them. However, they served their purpose to accompany the burger and after all, I wasn't there for the fries.
