Not sure what all the sad reviews are about, because if they're true, than I may have been to the bizarro version of this place. Long waits nor sub-standard food were not what I experienced at all when I visited this oasis in Midtown. (Ok, that was totally overly-dramatic, but in all seriousness, after seeing all the chains and other el bore-o food spots in Midtown, Penelope was definitely a diamond in the rough. And I mean that literally, because I feel like there was a ton of construction going on around this poor place at the time.) It was my birthday, and the morning of my friend's wedding in Chelsea. I had the morning free, so another close friend of mine wanted to meet up for brunch; she suggested Penelope, though she did warn of the potentially long wait. Luckily, we both met up there at a decent time, and just as we checked-in with the host, a couple vacated the bar area. Needless to say, that was our queue to take our spots at the bar. At first glance, the restaurant really took me to a place that was so NOT Manhattan. And my friend said it best: "It's like we're in the Hamptons or something!" And right she was. The beached-white of the walls, the weathered decor, and the serene feeling of it all really added to the mystique and air of the place that surely made it feel like you were in the city... not until you looked out the window and saw the dumpster outside. Wap-wap-waaaaaap. So at the bar, we were greeted by a very sweet lady who was doubling-up and managing everything from the register to the order-taking to the serving at the bar. Needless to say, she was AWESOME. She greeted us, brought us waters, and then took our orders. My friend opted for the Farmer's Market Omelette, and I went for the BBLT with an "over-easy" egg inside. My friend enjoyed the omelette, but said she'd probably opt to try something else next time. But my BBLT was amaze. When I cracked the yolk, it was over. As it broke, I was suddenly brought back to my childhood when my mom would make breakfast sandwiches of toast with over-easy eggs in the middle. The bacon and black pepper balsamic mayo combo made the sandwich all the more better. The summer rose bellini (which comes with the $15 prix fixe brunch) did not disappoint either. Maybe it was the swift service that got me, but I honestly had a great time here. I thought the food was delish, and the service was superb even for a busy day. I will surely have to make my way back the next time I'm in town.
