It is the tail end of lunchtime on a Friday, and there are throngs of people at both Geno's and Pat's, crowds creeping back out onto the road. We decide to hit Geno's first. Juliet volunteers to order, having boned up on proper etiquette. There is a window for cheese steaks, and another window for drinks and fries. While she waits in the longer line, I acquire a Birch Beer and some cheese fries. Signs in the windows proclaim Geno's support for Trump in the next Presidential race; warnings if you don't speak English or you don't order correctly; and plenty of star-spangled banners. It feels like I'm at a Tea Party rally. With a bit of luck and patience, we secure a small picnic table and unveil the beast. We tear the foot long in half, then dig in. The bread is soft; the shaved meat is juicy; the onions are sweet, weeping; and the Cheese Whiz is...well, Cheese Whiz. In the end, it is nothing special, just a somewhat thin sub with some anemic, salty, and overly-processed ingredients. The Birch Beer does wonders to wash it down. The cheese fries are pretty good, though. Better than the sandwich. Eager to work our way up the food chain, we cross the street and prepare for Pat's. I step up this time to order, paying close attention to the instructions printed next to the window. I say, "One provolone wit". Translation: "One cheesesteak with provolone cheese and with onions." I feel like a local when the guy takes my money, hands back the change, and another guy shoves a sub at me. I'm getting the hang of this! Unfortunately, there are no available seats. People are like scavengers, rushing to the nearest open picnic table and wolfing down their late lunches. We end up at one of the standing rails, clustered close together against the brisk wind. The sandwich tears apart easily. I take my first bite and prepare for the onslaught of meat and cheese...only to be met with nothing. Nada. Zip. Bupkis. I don't taste bread, meat, onions, or cheese. What in tarnation? I eat more slowly, rolling each bite around on my tongue, trying to tease the flavors out. Still, it eludes me. The preparation is either too light a touch, or Geno's has ruined me. Maybe that's their secret weapon: ruin your taste buds before you try the competition. But don't take my word for it. Read what my better half has to say on our website (linked in my profile).
