As with others, the reputation of CulinAriane (which I did not have the opportunity to try) is what brought us to AKB. I call in on a Tuesday and leave a message in an attempt to make a reservation. Never received a callback. When I called again to make the reservation, the phone was answered by a female (the hostess I'm guessing). When I said I never got a call back, she asked when I left a message. I said Tuesday. Her response? "Oh that's why. We're closed on Tuesdays." Uhhh...seriously? With answers like that, why bother having voicemail?! Knowing what I know now I should have taken that as a hint of things to come... The first time I ate there (silly me, we ate there twice to give them the benefit of the doubt given how mediocre the first dining experience was vs. how good their Montclair reputation was and the fact that they are opened just a couple/few months), as we walked in, we overheard another customer feeding back his experience to one of the owners, Michael. While I didn't stand at the front desk the whole time, I did notice two things: a customer respectfully providing some very candid feedback and Michael being extremely defensive. Given similar experiences both times we ate there, I'm going to lump the feedback altogether as one review. The first time we arrived at what most restaurants consider second seating (7-8ish) while the second time we arrived for an earlier first seating. The staff is uniformly very polite but our experience both times was the wait staff is very green. In fact, I wonder if our first waiter worked in food service at all. Unfortunately, the impact of this goes beyond empty water glasses and being handed a bar menu instead of being handed a dessert menu. If you order fish and chips and you want condiments beyond tartar sauce, you better be bold enough to ask - in the case of one of our experiences, we didn't get asked by the server, waiter, or anyone else if we wanted cocktail sauce, malt vinegar, etc. Ironically this was one of the feedback items we overheard the first time we went. Talking about the fish and chips, we tried it during our second visit. It is a very nice portion. The fish came out kind of greasy as if the oil wasn't hot enough. That seems to be reinforced when the diner also ordered the fish and chips - an hour or two after us - and their fish came out looking fine. Truthfully, we took half the fish home, peeled off the batter coating and fed the fish to the dogs. There's better places to go to for fish and chips: Cloverleaf, Molly Malone's, and Argyle for starters. The fried oysters were probably the best dish we had altogether. If it weren't for the oysters, I wouldn't have given them any stars. Six nicely sized, plump oysters on a bed of horseradish sauce. The horseradish sauce was nice and hot. Was it the best fried oysters I've ever had? No - those honors probably go to Bigelow's in Rockville Centre, Long Island. But, nevertheless, it was still a pleasant dish. Regarding the Caesar Salad, for a restaurant that seems to trying to pursue a comfort food theme, this is awfully pretentious. We tried the mushroom ragout - it was unremarkable. Another mediocre dish tossed onto the discard list. We also found the braised shortribs to be unremarkable. Their chicken breast "pot pie" was interesting - almost like a deconstructed chicken pot pie. Regarding their mixed drinks on the menu - their descriptions make them sound interesting. It's a shame the drinks don't deliver. Underwhelming. In the category of MIA, CulinAriane's acclaimed mussels. The reason given my Michael (another item overheard during our first experience): they tried it in Verona initially but making the mussels threw off the kitchen and killed their throughput/productivity. (Hmmmm...they moved a few miles down the road on Bloomfield Avenue but they didn't bring their experienced kitchen crew with them? or...? Other restaurants manage to serve mussels and other dishes without compromising their operation). We tried them once...twice...we see nothing compelling enough to try them a third time.
