My husband and I drove to Brooklyn yesterday evening to shoot an event hall. Afterwards, we were walking to the car and I was a little hungry. Also, I was lusting after the cute little restaurant. So we decided to go in for a bite. Well, we ended up having a full-course meal. For only 40 bucks. Say what?! Yeah, that's right. 40 bucks including tip. I couldn't believe how inexpensive the food was. And it was well worth it! I'm not lying when I say that the food makes it to my top 10 list. Oh my gosh. ---------- For my bebida (drink) I decided to not have water. You know when you walk into a restaurant and you have a feeling you should just stick to water because of how expensive the drinks are? Well, I didn't feel that way this time. The drink menu had some prices that caught my eye...for the right reasons. Morir Soñando Our specialty tropical drink with a smooth blend of orange juice, milk & a hint of vanilla. $4 Yeah, 4 BUCKS! And let me tell you something, it was a good $4. OJ and Milk... I've heard of that before, but put some vanilla in that bad boy and you've got yourself a drank! Haha ---------- After we placed our order, the waitress brought us some plantain chips. I'm sure that's not what she called them, but that's what they were haha. She also gave us some garlic dipping sauce. Very good, but don't dip too deep. Unless, of course, you love garlic. But just a little bit on the tip of the chip is really good. ---------- For my antojito (small bite) I decided to go with something I love--salt fish fritters. Bacalaitos Pan-fried homemade codfish fritters $3 They're like crab cakes. I love crab cakes! But they were salty crab cakes. I mean that in a good way. ---------- Shortly after, our food came. Pollo a la Parilla Chicken breast seasoned and grilled to perfection $10 Chuletas al Grill Grilled pork chops marinated in a citrus, garlic sauce with fresh herbs. $12 I enjoyed that meal so much that I had to rap up the second pork chop and I heated it up and ate it for lunch today. HAHAHAHAHA!! Very good meal. Overall, I give the restaurant 5/5. The environment was really chill. The staff was very friendly. If you're ever in Brooklyn, make sure you head over there! They're also on Facebook.
