Rudy's fries and sauces remind me of Wurstküche in Downtown L.A. and I've been coming here with my friends probably once every few weeks when school's in session. It's a relatively accessible place in terms of price and seating. It does tend to get crowded during high-traffic times such as dinner and the weekends. Some people have said that Prime 16 has better burgers, but I've only been there once and have not been able to get in since due to their long wait times, so I'd much rather go to Rudy's and just wait 10-15 minutes for a seat and similarly fantastic burger at slightly less-expensive prices. My advice, splurge a little and get the fried egg for $1.50 extra like I do with the Classic Burger. I've had their moules frites and while they were good, they weren't very filling or memorable. For that, I'd still recommend getting one of their burgers. Another item I'd really recommend is the beer-battered cod, which was really delicious and fresh when I ordered it. That said, I celebrated my birthday here on a Friday night a couple months ago and when I called a week in advance, the restaurant said they didn't do reservations for large groups, unless I wanted to rent the back room for $350, which was a bit ridiculous. Anyway, they suggested that I just come the night of and commandeer whatever open tables were available in the back room, which has no waitstaff filling orders. I planned on having 15-20 folks join, but it turned out over 30 people came. It took a while, but we managed to absorb as many tables and chairs to accommodate our group as possible, splitting us into two parties. I had their take on the Vietnamese banh mi that night and it was pretty decent (the roast beef kimchi sandwich at Atticus is good too). Ordering at the bar and having the food bused out wasn't too much trouble other than folks getting food at various times, often not in the order they were placed. Still, everyone eventually got their food and best of all, since we ordered at the bar and each person paid their own tab, there was no large bill to worry about dividing and there was no possibility for someone to leave us short, which happens frequently with large group meals. I forget to mention, but I'm allergic to alcohol so while I have no opinion to their beer selection, my friends seem to think it's good, albeit somewhat pricier than other establishments nearby. Okay, so two hours after I wrote the above review I went to Rudy's for a burger, below is my latest experience: 1) Walk in the door and was immediately seated (party of two at 6p on a Sat. when the Packers haven't yet started playing the 49'ers). 2) Get our glasses of water and menus. We already know what we want and order. We receive our napkins and silverware. 3) My Classic Burger with fried egg (+ Belgian frites with pesto mayo sauce) arrive along with my friend's New Haven Burger. 4) Here's the good part: I grab it with both my hands and try to put it in my mouth, but even as I unhinge my jaw it doesn't fit! Then it starts dripping all over my mouth and hands and when I finally wrap my mouth around it, I feel like I'm going to gag... Seriously, I've had plenty before and this is the first time this has happened. Perhaps those I've had in the past were smaller? 5) I lick my fingers with a smile. The napkin on my lap is a mess and I think my leg has fallen asleep. We get the bill (20% tip!) and I go wash up in the restroom. 6) Now I'm going to nap.
