Where should I start.  I have been to Cuban Pete's a few times now.  After my last experience, I will never go back.   First, problem number one is: the wait time.  We were told 45 minutes and waited one hour and forty five minutes.  Totally unacceptable.  If they were honest about the whole wait time, I could have left and gone somewhere else to eat instead of wasting our time.  Maybe, they should hire a hostess who knows how to do their job. second: The noise in the place is a deafening white noise.  I felt like i had a buzz going on without the alcohol.  Too, many people in one area.  I wonder if they are going above the fire code of occupancy for the restaurant?  Someone should check with the local fire department.   Third: The food is harshly over salted and tastes like you are basically eating salt licks.  All food tastes good with a mass amount of salt.  If, I wanted that, I would go to Friday's or some other chain.  I do not need my doctor making more money off of me due to high blood pressure from food. Fourth: When I went to order food the first item I picked was sold out.  Strike one.  I picked something else.  Sold out.  Strike two.  I asked to speak with the manager.  I told him we waited one hour forty five minutes and both items I chose were not available any more.  He tells me you are mad because we are sold out of items?  Yes, I am.  Also due to the wait.  He said "what do you want me to do about it".  I told him I am also made about the wait.  He said "if I were you I would have left".  Good, managing there sir.  Tell a patron to just leave, because you do not care for their business. A few things wrong here about how to not manage a restaurant:  Hire a chef who knows how many people come into the restaurant and learn how much to order as far as food goes.  A good chef would not allow this to happen on a busy night.  Do not allow your patrons to wait longer for food that is sub par to that of Taco Bells.   At one point I asked the manager who the owner was and he told me.  I asked if he would rather have a customer walk out due to being unhappy.  He said "he does not care, because this is Cuban Pete's".  Okay.  Nice attitude.  This is why I will not ever patronize this restaurant ever again. We wallked out after my conversation with the manager.  Apparently, my business is not wanted.  No problem.  I will also make it a point to tell everyone I know personally and electronically to not patronize this chemical smelling, salt bomb food serving, annoyingly loud, and over crowded mediocre restaurant. There a plenty of restaurants in the area much better and who's management treats you way better.  I would rather go a place that wants my money and business. To all who read this please heed my review.  Go to a better run place of business.  Do not go to a place that will only disappoint your tastebuds.  Or, make you wake up with cotton mouth.
