I put off writing this review for ages because I wanted to keep it for myself.  Well the capelletti is out of the bag. The days of getting a reservation at prime time without at least 5 days' lead time are over.   What to get? - Cured meats.  Beautifully thin because they have a fancy slicer going at all times.  The portions for the sliced meats have gotten a bit smaller but the meats are still delicious. Airy light. - Duck liver mousse from the sliced meats section.  Sometimes we get 2 pots of this + 1 cured meat. You won't want to share. - Cappelletti.  This is one of the best pasta dishes I've had in my life.  Tiny portion but it is very rich.  I always say they should double the size for the price they charge when it arrives at the table.  But by the third to last tiny pouch of truffle-and-butter soaked goodness I start to reconsider.  However, if this is all you're eating, you will lick your plate. - Porchetta.  Best in NYC.  So flavorful. Good even the next day when its cold and the skin is chewy. - Meatballs.  Again tiny portion for home-style Italian. But delicious and the sauce is perfect. - Desserts. Usually I go for alcohol or cheese as a dessert.  But they really got me with their pavlova - style desserts.  I once had one of their delicate, marshmallowy meringue bowls with grapefruit sorbet and chantilly cream.  Divine. Don't bother: - Escargot wrapped in lardo. Can't really appreciate the lardo.  Overpowered by the escargot. - Crostini. Their bread if fantastic.  Just get more cured meats. What to expect when you get there? The outside of the building sets the expectation that you'll see candles at every table. Wrong.  Don't expect a moody or even trendy dining area.  Feels more like an Italian nonna's dining room - complete with bad overhead lighting.  But their food is magic - the place gets cuter and kinda charming as the meal continues. Loses a star for the tiny portion sizes. Don't go so I can get a reservation so I can stop having to plan two weeks ahead before I can get my capelletti fix. Can you tell I like their cappelletti?
