The food here is most certainly praise-worthy, but I am continually blown away by the warmth and precision of service here. At dinner last night, my friend and I ordered the lamb and the ribs. We weren't much in the mood for starters as I was exhausted and wanted to keep dinner relatively short. Shortly after we ordered, our (incredibly handsome) Kiwi server (sucker for accents) brought out the slow poached baby beets served over lavender ricotta and almonds. He explained that the lamb would take a while to cook, so the beets were compliments of the chef. Sean, who does not like beets, loved these beets. I could further extoll the virtues of the fall-off-the-bone Marmite ribs and the brilliance of the fresh curried peas and yuca tater tots for quite some time and in meticulous detail, but I'll leave that to others. What compelled me to finally write a review for this place was that as we were finishing up, the chef came out and personally greeted the diners, asking how their meal was and thanking them for their patronage. Having been a regular Kiwiana bruncher for some time now, I've sampled everything on the brunch menu and it's all been delicious. Sometimes I'll just sidle up to the bar and have coffee and a lime and cheddar scone with that delicious chunky jam, some bacon, and coffee, chatting with the friendly servers. Other times, I'll still sidle up to the bar (best seats in the house, folks) but we'll order a spread - standouts being the NZ salmon that was on special one week, ANYTHING that comes with the potato cake, french toast with fresh whipped cream and berries (and I'm not a sweets for breakfast kind of gal). You brunchy boozehounds should also know that (1) they believe mimosas should be mostly bubbly with a touch of OJ - and they use Simply Orange, my fave, and (2) the bloody mary will exorcise any hangover you throw at it - get it with gin. Oh. And brunch is cash only, and there's a BofA ATM on the corner. Follow them on Twitter to stay on top of their nightly specials - these have ranged from fried oysters to $1 oysters to $10 lamb burgers. @kiwiananyc
