We were a party of five on a Saturday night. We came early as we were going to a concert after and we were seated immediately. We opted for the Chef's tasting menu at $55/person and received 10 dishes, plus dessert with enough food for everyone to sample everything. In fact, my only warning on choosing the chef's tasting is that it's really too MUCH food. I honestly can't understand the complaints I've seen here on price and serving sizes. Both seemed to be well within what you should expect from a small plates restaurant in a major city, and the tasting menu is actually an incredible value relative to those offered in most comparable restaurants. They offer two levels of tasting menu, and as we opted for the "regular" most of the items came from the lower end of the price spectrum, with a couple more expensive choices thrown in. The selection represented a good variety and the meal was well staged, so that the dishes arrived almost perfectly timed. We were there for about two hours, and were never rushed. Quite the contrary. Our waitress stopped by often to refill water glasses, check to see if anyone needed anything from the bar and offer well-informed answers to any questions we had and she made it clear she was in no hurry to move us along. Overall, the quality of the food was excellent. My only criticism is that one or two dishes were cooked a tad more than I would have liked (the shrimp brochette and the rabbit in the gatxuxa), but these are relatively minor quibbles. Not everything was a home run, but that's part of choosing the tasting menu. Nothing fell short of a solid double (and those one or two items are more a reflection of my personal taste, and not the preparation of the food). I was also pleasantly surprised that the food was presented attractively, but not overly ornamentally, making it easily accessible without having to fight through a jungle of "artistic" garnishes. My one suggestion would be that they provide serving appropriate serving pieces with all dishes. Since we were among the first parties seated, I can't speak to what kind of experience to expect if you arrive at a more typical dinner hour, but we were well treated and well fed for what I consider to be a very reasonable price.
