Bufad is a terrific addition to the neighborhood and I feel blessed to have such an amazing wood-fired pizza place so close to my home.  That being said, they do have some room for improvement. Bufad has a great rotating seasonal menu with two main sections.  One is for their year-round pizzas (classics like Margherita and Marinara) and the other is for their seasonal pizzas, which change quiet often leading to a new experience almost every time you go.  They also have small plates, salads, and desserts that are worthy of sharing the menu with the great pizzas.  I really love the tomato sauce at Bufad; they do a great job.  My favorite pizzas are usually the fun seasonal ones, but if you are a vegetarian, like me, one warning would be to be aware that almost all of them come with some kind of meat topping.  Even the "mushroom" pizza comes with prosciutto.  Actually, this led to my first and only negative experience at Bufad...   One night we called up and the man over the phone read off the menu to my wife.  She told him we were vegetarians, so he even suggested some pies.  We picked one of the seasonals and then my wife decided she also wanted a plain pie with mushrooms on it.  He took our order and we walked down to pick it up.  When we got back to the house with both pies we discovered our "mushroom" pie was really a white pizza with prosciutto and arugula (and a very small amount of mushrooms).  It's really our fault for not looking ourselves before we left, but we trusted the girl at the counter when she looked and said "yup, mushroom."  When we got back to Bufad with the pizza I was calm, but the girl threw me a curve by starting off a little rude and saying, "returning pizzas now?  well, what did you WANT on your MUSHROOM pizza?"  I told her we were sorry but we didn't have a menu so we couldn't know there was a "mushroom" pie that had meat on it.  And then I told her that we DID tell the man over the phone that we were vegetarians when we ordered, so there was no reason they should think we would want these toppings.  I could tell the girl at the counter was irritated, but the female chef came right up and handed us a brand new pie, and even gave us some red sauce on the side for free to make it up to us.  I've interacted with the chef before and she's always been pleasant.  I think she could tell things were escalating for no reason. Other than that experience we've loved the service at Bufad.  It can be a bit slow when you eat in, but it's friendly.  They substitute things on the menu for you, which is very nice and keeps us coming back.  The flavors are great and the BYO atmosphere is relaxed and enjoyable. I do wish they delivered, though.
