Coming here the day after a mild bout of food poisoning is not the wisest decision I've ever made, but reasoning is not my strong suit when the smell of Bratwurst is in the air. My friends and I all got the same thing: Viennese hot cocoa and the Bratwurst with potatoes and mustard. While we waited for our food we took in the opulent setting. It's all dark wood paneling and crystal light fixtures and the room is littered with tiny tables and booths shoved up against the wall. I think I even had a non-celebrity sighting here and saw one of the artists from that Bravo Project-Runway-knockoff-art-show. There was also a very adorable waiter that I kept having awkward eye contact with. He had very blonde hair and an innocent looking face so my table thusly dubbed him "sexy hitler youth boy," which may or may not be appropriate to write here, but whatever. The cocoa? Delicious! It was cocoa for adults for sure, not too sweet, very strongly cocoa-y, and pungent in a great way. After we'd finished eating a little girl at a nearby table had a cup of it delivered to her and she had to mellow it out with some of her water because it was too rough on her baby palate. This is yet another reason not to like kids. The Brats came and when I cut into mine for the first time I thought I heard angels sing. These were natural casings and they had that "pop" that only good old fashioned intestines impart. The meat inside had perfect texture and spice that was only made better with some of their killer mustard. This was seriously the best mustard of my life. I ate it on it's own until tears came to my eyes because it was so strong, which was a small price to pay for such condiment greatness. The bread that came in the little basket was also tasty, but I hope I didn't offend them by adding salt on top of the unsalted butter that they provided. Unsalted butter makes me really sad. They didn't rush us out at all either, which was nice on the back end of our meal, but we had to wait a while to get a table. I get that it's a fancy place and they don't want to rush you and that it's supposed to be a little cafe where you can hang out and all, but when you've got a line 12 people deep, maybe you can speed it up a little. I'd still go back and wait all over again, though. Unlike the German members of my family, this food was warm, pleasant, and very classy.
