I came here recently with my boyfriend on a food crawl experiment through Old City. We decided to try some entrees here and were not thrilled at the experience. I'll only come back with recommendations on what I "need/should" get here or with someone who can give recommendations... because this was a pretty blah meal... Ambiance: Small. Simple/Chic decor. Quite busy and expected. A bit tight so on a busy night I wouldn't go here for an intimate date. Good place for a small group. Service: Nice but a bit disorganized. Food: This was where I minused points. Though I also leave room for redemption in my future update. I was massively craving udon noodle soup and some simple sushi creations so... Udon noodle soup was a fusion fail. It came with pho like noodles ... thus defeating the purpose of UDON noodle soup ... The broth was relatively bland and if anything was a bit sweet (not usually what I want from udon soup...) The biggest sad face was that they didn't have any shichimi (a pretty standard Japanese 7 spice seasoning) ... which is a pretty common seasoning found in lots of the usual Japanese restaurants. They did give me lots of vegetables, which was nice. Spicy tuna roll was not spicy. It was mashed tuna with almost no flavoring and was packed with tons of crunchy tempura or panko flakes which made it seem like I was eating sawdust ... My boyfriend and I enjoyed the presentation or rather were bemused by it. Almost every dish had one or two orchid flowers on it. Either they are recycling some of these delicate beauties or it just rains orchids in their kitchen ... I won't go into the details of the bf's meal because he's vegetarian and realistically we never have any expectations for his meal at most sushi restaurants ... Overall, the amount we spent was just not justified to what we ate. Hopefully I was just ordering the wrong items for this place. Drinks: BYOB which I appreciate. We brought a bottle of Morimoto's Hazelnut Ale by Rogue. The beer was great but I'd match it carefully. The Hazelnut can bring out a bit too much fishiness in the sushi... The price just didn't match to my experience but I probably need to try my hand again with better menu choices. I look forward to upgrading in my update..
