Reservations for two on a Saturday evening at 7:30. Upon arrival, the hostess is nowhere to be found. Waited for several minutes until she arrived from the back of the restaurant. First impression upon entering the dining room: I've entered a death-metal concert considering the noise level. Hostess initially attempted to seat us at a four-top in the middle of the wait-staff and patron foot traffic, despite the availability of a two-top in the corner of the room. I had to ask to be seated at the more appropriate table. Almost on the heels of the hostess, a runner brought water, a cold loaf of sliced white bread and an awful and completely unappetizing mix of peppers and stewed vegetables. No olive oil or butter was offered. Our server came to the table for the first time within two minutes of our arrival, and three times within the first ten minutes inquiring on whether we were ready to order. We had not even looked at the menus yet, but feeling the obvious pressure from the server, I offered to place an appetizer order. Thus began the strangest exchange of the evening: The server seemed to say both that we were not permitted to have any longer to review the menu, and that partial orders were not permitted. I say we thought that, but the noise level was so high in the place that I could not truly understand what was being said, and after the server explained the "rules", she simply walked away from the table. As a side note, there were at least three or four empty tables, and several more parties which were completing their meals, so table turnover was not an issue. I've never experienced something like this at any restaurant anywhere before, and it was such strange behavior that I considered it a misunderstanding, but a rather significant service failure to be rushed ten minutes into the evening. Given the urgency, I was unable to review the wine/cocktails list. Once our order was placed a few minutes later, we saw our server twice more, for the delivery of the dessert menu and the bill (all food was delivered by runners). No one checked on us during the meal to determine our level of satisfaction. And this is where Spasso really loses points. The calamari appetizer we shared was so over-salted that more than half of the portion was left behind. The escargot were served in a stewed tomato and spinach mixture that looked like it had been just slopped on the plate. The flavors of this dish were so overpowered by the vegetables, that if I hadn't been looking for the escargot, I might have missed them. I certainly didn't taste them. My veal was acceptable, but nothing exceptional and the crabmeat topping was completely flavorless. The lemon butter sauce the dish was swimming in was far to tart and overpowering. My date's Bolognese dish was served over gnocchi in a massive bowl of thin-looking sauce. Given the disappointing nature of the meal so far, we both opted to skip coffee and desert, which clearly annoyed the server since a) it prevented the bill from reaching excessive and b) she asked us both three times if we were sure. A final point: by the time the meal ended (at 8:45), at least half and probably more of the place was empty. I guess there was no longer a need to rush the patrons. We won't be back.
