Never do a company event here! Good food and cozy interior thats why we chose the restaurant and the 1 stars otherwise it would have been 0 Stars. The experience here was terrible due too the uncompetent staff especially the hostesses and event planners. We tried booking a table here but apparently the event coordinator is the only one who can make group reservations and she doesn't work on Mondays or tuesdays, and then she was sick the rest of the week. Ok, so no one else can make a reservation? pretty weird. When we finally got the reservation 9 days after first 3 attempts they sent us group menus. We chose food and sent in, all seemed fine... until we wanted to pre order wine, they said they only have 500$ vuelve cliquot Rose wine which was not true once i checked web site, they had normal 50$ rose wines too, once we cleared that up we couldn't order it together with food so needed separate big forms to fill out for that. The day before event they sent me an email saying, "since you haven't chosen the food 3 days in advance (i sent in our food choices 8 days before) we can't provide certain dishes, such as the paella fiesta and langoustine (the most exclusive dishes in the group menu because apparently it was out of season" so we needed to chose other dishes (why send a menu with dishes that have ingredients that is not season for). Also the otrosity to blame it on us first instead of saying it was out of season!! Also how can they do this 1 day before event??? Like we could change venue at that point. We had to go with cheaper food then promised.. Also, We had a huge group dinner for 18 people of course we pre ordered before otherwise you can't even make the reservation in the first place! I had to forward old emails until they realized they were wrong and didn't even give us an apology, still just blaming the season and completely disregarding the previous email accusing us for not ordering in time. I don't wanna waste even more time on this restaurant writing a review (the first review i ever did because it was so terrible) so I'm gonna stop right here but their something seriously wrong with the service people and it felt like I was working for them for the 3 weeks in preparation of our dinner instead of they catering to our needs. They were rude, arrogant and all around bad. To sum it up. They basically didn't give a shit.
