Wow. So bad that I registered for a Yelp account to warn others. The views upstairs are spectacular and our server was friendly, but that's the only positive thing I can say about our experience. We got there at 4:30pm and were told it would be a 20 minute wait. No worries -- we went downstairs, had a beer, and checked out the mini golf course. They called us up at 5pm for our table and I thought it was odd that the wait was so significant when we got to the roof and there was a bunch of empty tables. We ordered 5 items total (there were 3 of us) and after an hour only 2 of them had arrived. Oddly, the steamed shrimp showed up but the raw oysters and iceberg wedge never did, things don't even require cooking! We asked our server at the 40 minute mark where our other items were and she said it would be "five minutes." Twenty minutes later, still nothing, so we told her not to bother and to please cancel the order. At that point the manager comes out and said he was sorry for the delay and he offered to pack our items to go and he would "comp us a few things." I told him not to bother and that I couldn't imagine eating raw oysters later at home. At this he was completely perplexed -- he apparently didn't realize we had been waiting for an hour for raw oysters. I told him we simply wanted the check. Which took another 15 minutes. She slapped it down on the table and the wind promptly blew it away. I mean, come on! Finally I walked to the front and paid, though not before seeing that they had still charged us for one of the items that never came. They did not comp us for anything which I didn't even attempt to dispute. At that point I just want to flee the joint and never, ever return. Incidentally, the shrimp were fine. Not terrible, not great. Just fine. Of course we had to ask for plates which was its own 15 minute odyssey. In retrospect, that's what we call "foreshadowing." So yeah, we'll never go back. I really wanted to like it, but the place is a racket. Crazy prices which I would gladly pay if the food was great and the service was even borderline competent. Alas, that isn't the case here.
