I don't quite understand it. There's a pedigree here, obviously, and there's a demand. East Pass could desperately use a simple "contemporary American" BYO that delivers on a very simple promise: good food, good service, good times. My lady and I have been looking forward to Fond's opening for quite some time, ever since one rainy night when we saw ongoing construction and a slightly water stained paper menu in the door. Having been there (finally) we left disappointed. This is going to sound very harsh, mainly because we WANT people to succeed in this town. This is criticism, not trying to shit all over anyone. Everything, from the bread, to the asparagus, to the ravioli, to the chicken mousse was undersalted. We let our waiter know, and the salinity was amped up during the entrees. That was nice. The pickles accompanying the chicken mousse were better than the mousse itself. It's becoming abundantly clear that very few restaurants in Philly can lay down a solid liver app. The filling for the butternut squash ravioli was delicious, but too thin. It was basically a soup that didn't know where its bowl went. The flavors were fine. The entrees were strange. I ordered monkfish on the recommendation of my waiter. It was properly cooked, but the lentils it was resting on top of were grainy and uneventful. The "red wine jus" tasted of beef stock and nothing else. Where was the red wine? Where was the tannic pop and pizazz I was expecting? Also, why was the plate warmer than my food? The lady ordered the chicken with pepper piperade and fingerlings. Overly sweet, the chicken was overcooked, and the entire plate seemed like an afterthought. She had the same problems with temperature that I did. We skipped dessert. Was I looking forward to disliking the joint? No, absolutely not. But I felt like I had stepped into someone's living room - someone with abhorrent taste in music and suspect taste in decor. Pick it up, fellas! I want to be excited when I walk by. I want to stop and see something on your menu that will make me spit and froth and excitedly tell my friends about. Just give me a reason.
