Brian took me here for dinner on a friday night & I was so impressed! usually, we pick out the restaurant together but he did so well choosing this one on his own! SETTING: i love everything about this place! you come in to the foyer & greeted with floor to ceiling shelves of fresh apples! then, past the maître d, there's the lounge, which leads up to the big dining room. venetian finished walls & massive wooden doors make you feel like you're in a stone cellar! we were then led downstairs to a more private & well lit dining area. FOOD: ROASTED PUMPKIN SOUP: they started us off with bowls of this sweet soup. wow - great flavor! our server said that the pumpkin was roasted with maple syrup. so yummy. i love the flavors of this - very comforting & definitely made me feel welcome! the portion is so apropos - just enough to tickle your tastebuds! PINK SHRIMP + CAPE COP SEA SCALLOPS ON SWEET MAINE PRINCESS CRABMEAT: love love love!!! this whole thing is sitting on a light broth. also, i didn't realize that the huge piece of scallop was sitting atop shredded crabmeat - SO AMAZING!!! ROASTED NEW YORK STATE FOIE GRAS: omg!!! melt-in-your-mouth goodness! amaingly cooked & seasoned, super tender & served at the perfect temperature. if you're a fan of foie gras, get this. you can't go wrong! with flavors of red & golden raspberries with cassis, it's like flavored butter! ROASTED COLORADO RACK OF LAMB: brian's entree. served medium & perfectly pink! the meat is very tender & the starch/sauce greatly complements this dish. CHATHAM DAY BOAT LOBSTER: ZOMFGASDJFG!!!!!!!! i never order lobster but im glad i got this as my meal. three hunks of lobster meat with honshimeji mushrooms, passion fruit, mango & fresh lychee! it's sweet without being too overcoming or saccharine - most likely because the lobster is super fresh. INCREDIBLE! PALATE CLEANSER: CHICLLED COCONUT SOUP: im usually not a fan of anything coconut that's not fresh (i grew up with coconut trees everywhere so im spoiled!) anyway, this had pineapple granite & organic yogurt sorbet. perfect to get you ready for dessert! HOT VALRHONA CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE: i have to say, the dessert isn't as spectacular as the entrees... don't get me wrong, this was great with vermont maple & vanilla ice cream - but i think my expectations were set up way too high w everything i had leading up to this point. MEYER LEMON TART: i love this! once again, something i usually never get for dessert but this came with other citrus fruits & i was really curious. im a big chocolate person but this sealed the deal for me. SERVICE: our servers were super nice, though a bit crazy hyper? his excitement doesn't really go well with the setting. maybe im just being crazy. PRICE: for everything, including two glasses of wine & a cocktail, the bill came out to around 260~ with tip. we didn't do the tasting menu but we'll definitely come back for that! xoxo
