More of a 3.5... but the waiter we had pretty much made all of our mornings. Let's see, a few things: A restaurant's chef should never be a main feature of yelp reviews. That's absurd. You go to a restaurant for the food and rarely should you ever care who's serving it. Unless it's Eric Ripert. Then you should care. But in this case, while the head chef/owner is very nice and goes around working like he's on "Undercover Boss," I don't think this fact deserves the exclamations and praise that I've seen in the Yelp reviews for B4. There's just WAYYY too many "like omg! I met the chef and he's so cool!" Second, the food spanned a wide range-- the chicken and waffles was absurd. The waffle was pretty soggy and a bit too sweet for my liking. The chicken itself is meh at best. It's just fried chicken. and it was even burnt on the ends. I still think it's an obnoxious "breakfast" creation but some people really dig things that don't go together at all, so there's that. The omelettes were kind of laughable, mostly because my friends and I have always had omelettes that were gigantic at every other brunch place, and these were just tiny. They were straight out of a 90's Betty Crocker commercial. You can't have people paying $12-13 for what looks like a 1.5 egg omelette with some greens splashed on the side. Comeon. Then we've got the B4 Farmer's Breakfast. Meh. I ordered this because there simply wasn't much diversity on the menu. There's the "Griddle" section, which consisted mostly of waffles and pancakes...which was a lot after the Brunch Basket. Then you've got the salmon cake of some sort, which was shouted down by everyone on Yelp AND by my one friend out of the group of 14 who ordered it (he said it was incredibly dry), and then you've got the B4 Farmer's Breakfast and Omelettes...and like maybe 3-4 dishes. The Farmer's Breakfast is incredibly uninspiring. It's a super toasty hash with ...toast and eggs and bacon. I mean. It's good if I'm making it for myself at home but I usually expect something fancier if I'm eating out for breakfast. Regardless, you should STILL come check out this brunch spot in the east village. Why? Because their brunch basket is amazing. I almost wanted to leave right after order this, since it's just $12 and it can feed 6 people. They stuff 8-9 baked goods into a little basket and it gives you a wide sampling of scones, banana breads, muffins, etc. I was most impressed with this brunch basket out of everything we got. Oh and our server, the dude with the blue puff in his hair, was FREAKING AWESOME. Hilarious, sarcastic, and helpful with the entree and drink orders. He definitely made the brunch enjoyable. Someone give this man a raise.
