I've heard so many good things about this place and I really, really wanted to like it, but it had too many short comings to overcome.   1. SERVICE:  Bad, bad, very bad.  First of all, why is the hostess in the back of the restaurant?  You have to fight through groups of people to get there, very strange set up.   So we get seated and watch the waiter take care of the two tables to each side of us, completely ignoring us for about 10 minutes.  Finally he starts talking to us as he's pouring water for another table,  and is pretty awkward about it.  We order food, and the guy doesn't even ask us if we want something to drink.  Aren't waiters in restaurants like this supposed to know how to upsell?  Or at least give the customers beverages ?    So we wait and our oysters come out....we ordered a dozen and only six come out.  Next comes the meat and cheese.  They bring out the meat and then we wait 5 more minutes for the cheese.  The entrées were then delivered promptly and at the same time.  The waiter hardly checked back on us and could have made more money on our table had he tried to provide any level of service to us, I wanted another beer but by the time I saw the waiter again we were ready for coffee.  On the way out not one person in the restaurant said goodbye to us. 2. FOOD: Oysters were great and really fresh.  It was served with some red cabbage and pink peppercorns which I have never tried before on an oyster, definitely good.  The meat and cheese plate was the best thing I had all evening.  Really good and a lot of different combinations you can play around with.  Then came the entrées... unfortunately. I had the short rib with polenta and brussel sprouts.  My polenta was described as "creamy" on the menu, more like lumpy with no salt.  The short ribs were cooked really well, but once again under seasoned.  The sprouts were very good and the best part of the plate.  If this restaurant was a little less pretentious and could put salt and pepper on the table instead of being so sure that everything is seasoned correctly, I would have given another star.   Overall, bad service and okay food.  I probably should have just ordered pizza and pasta.
