Considering the context, I'm tempted to take authenticity as unique criteria to rate a good Spanish tapas bar in NY. But that should be like assume that I support Bullfighting just because I was born there. And I'm not*.  Because the context can be quite short but is better, and places like Txikito or Socarrat win the game. Tia Pol is certainly Spanish, authentic as no many, but overall everything was a bit bland. Our order for two included Tortilla Española; the acclaimed potato and egg Spanish omelet. A signature Tapa, comfort food, picnic food .. valid for any occasion and any moment of the day. Its was perfectly executed and flavor wise was good. They did with us, but in case the servers don't tell you, a few specials are served every day . My friend rolled his eyes remembering the sauteed peppers that he got once in Barcelona when he saw it written in the board located in the bar behind the bartenders. Take a look there.  We got a plate of this peppers. Named pimientos del Padron in Spain because the origin, is a great tapa as those are cute small green peppers that you can eat in a bite and that once in a while one is spicy as hell. This peppers are served in some Izakaya restaurants as well. I wasn't expecting Pimientos del Padron, as I don't think it can be imported, but again, although it was good, it should be more tasty. The Txipirones en su tinta (squid in ink with rice) and Pulpo la ideal (Galician style octopus terrine) were disappointing. Both meats were well cooked and the texture was right and soft, but both dishes are usually so rich in flavor and delicious; Tia Pol just fail enhancing the ingredient's flavor. Not to mention I didn't like at all that the octopus were served as a terrine, as it diminished the texture and the potatoes, typical in this dish, were totally unflavored Tia Pol has an interesting look. Is large just in one dimension: long. You can be seated in the bar area, truly Spanish style where I forgot for a few seconds I was in Chelsea. Getting deeper there is a few tables for 2 with high stools where we were seated. I loved the brick walls and the general dark lighting. But the kitchen with an open window is right there and I felt it was even hotter than the rest of the place because of this. I was also afraid to get the scents, but thankfully we didn't ... I think. Tia Pol finish in a small room with tables for groups and the most demanded space. The service was good but nothing exceptional. They were busy certainly, but it wasn't because of that. However, don't get me wrong. Tia pol is not a bad option and again considering the context, in terms of how insane is to get a table at Socarrat or how tiny and a bit pricey is Txikito in addition to their more regional menu, I should go back to Tia Pol. And they do know how to make sangria . The pitcher that we shared was the best I had in NY so far, on pair with the one I got a Socarrat in a perfect night ... and even better. * and yes, I wanna to shout it as loud as I can
