I had been hearing about this restaurant for a while from friends who do not even live in Greenpoint and they absolutely rave about it, so the other night I thought I should check it out. Having read reviews about it not being flavorful, and not being authentic, while at the same time expensive, I did not know what to expect, however, not being Indonesian and knowing little about the flavor profile of this cuisine, and knowing that I love places other people hate, I wanted to give Selamat Pagi a proper shot. We walked in and it was relatively empty so we were seated right away. The waitress gave us our menus, poured our water and told us their special dish of the night. Coconut toasted meatballs on sambal tomat (their version of a tomato sauce). We went for it as a starter to share as it is only three small meatballs. It was delicious! Super spicy, which I love, and the tomato sauce was a nice contrast to the spiciness of the meatballs.   For an entree I order the Bali style prawns. I was surprised to read here that others who ordered the same dish found it bland. I found the shrimp to be super flavorful and the topping on them (not sure what it was called but it had TONS of spice as well as some lemongrass) was delicious. It was served with kale, which was also seasoned well, and white rice. The whole portion was too much for me to eat and next time I might choose something smaller especially if eating an appetizer beforehand. My date ordered ayam bambu, some crispy chicken which was also served with kale and rice. He enjoyed his chicken and I tried a piece and thought it was good, but having had eaten my food, my mouth was overwhelmed with spice and couldn't really taste the flavors he was describing. I do think the prices are a little high, especially for the area. Our food, plus our drinks (my date had a hard cider and I had a white Thai beer), and tax came to 65$. I would definitely go back to try some of the other dishes, but maybe more to share rather than ordering our own stuff, to save on the bill at the end.
