Mu Ramen was voted #1 ramen in NYC by the New York Times while it was a popup. A few months later, they opened their first real restaurant in Long Island City. I decided to pay a visit as I love ramen and have journeyed all over NYC in search of great ramen. I always say that The Religion of Ramen has different sects -- and whether or not you will like Mu Ramen depends on which sect of The Religion of Ramen you belong to. Do you prefer pork (tonkotsu) or chicken broth? Spicy or regular? Tons of toppings? Thin or thick noodles? More al dente or less? Their appetizers are a mix of standard Japanese fare -- shishito peppers, edamame -- along with more modern appetizers -- foie gras and fruit compote stuffed chicken wings, uni with spicy maguro over rice, and more. I ordered the former; who could read foie gras stuffed chicken wings and say no? It was definitely a very unique experience: juicy, decadent, well-balanced. It was also strange but I enjoyed the adventure. I ordered the Mu Ramen (the classic) along with both renditions of their egg (sous vide as well as seasoned soft-boiled). The seasoned soft-boiled "nitamago" is the traditional egg that comes with ramen, and their version of it was spot on. The yolk was barely set, and the white was seasoned and firm. Their "sous vide" version was a strange sensation to behold as a topping on ramen (a bit too embryonic) but I think it would've pleased modernists (you know who they are, the chemists with rototaps, centrifuges, spherified olives, and so forth). The food was well-executed and delicious but personally I prefer more al dente noodles. The broth had depth and oomph, and at least one server winked at me as I guzzled every last drop of my bowl. Pros: Delicious food Good selection of modern and classic appetizers Modern appetizers are interesting and exhilarating to eat Cons: Some of the items and toppings are a little too modern if you are a purist Noodles are less al dente Only 3 types of ramen Can be pricey, especially if you opt for white truffles as a topping Long wait No alcohol Cash only amendment: One more thing I'd like to add is a point about the service. When I asked for the check, the server was gracious enough to ask me if I didn't enjoy the wings because I only ate about half the appetizer. I was just too full to finish the decadence that it was. But that was a very personal and nice touch!
