I am done with this place Ok, north third was once a great bar.  It used to have good atmosphere and good food. Service has always been spotty but lately is is just terrible.  The other night was the last straw.  I came in just the other day and pulled up to the bar.  The bartender told me that my brother and I could not stand at the bar because we "would not fit".  Ok...... would not fit.  What the fuck is that supposed to mean?  Granted she stated it in the most shitty, go fuck yourself, way possible.  But I simply don't get it.   Forgive me, but I thought the purpose of opening a "bar" was to sell drinks and make money.  The way to do this, or so I thought, was not to make the people who come in (year after year) feel like lowlife / unwelcome assholes. Maybe even make them happy?? I am 42 years old.  I have been to hundreds of different bars in many different countries.  Hell, I once slid into a bar composed of two saw horses in Iraq! (yes, booze of all kinds is available there)  Even that guy had room for me, and I had just invaded his country.  I have never once been told I "did not fit".   Interestingly, we went directly to standard tap and got much better service and better food.  AT A CROWDED BAR I might add.  Also, they told me that the bartender currently working at N3rd is an x striper who has, for some reason, been handed the bar.  Word on the street is that she is a bitch to pretty much everyone who crosses her path. TO THE OWNER, when other bartenders know that YOUR bartender (who presumably works for you) is known to be a bitch, who gets her rocks off by chasing away YOUR costumers, you may want to have that discussion.  You know, the one where you tell her not to do that. Of course, perhaps she was saying that I did not fit the atmosphere.  Frankly, I have been kicked in the nuts one too many times by the staff at north third.  Fuck them.  I will now happily spend my money at Standard Tap, The Abby, Del Frisco's or where ever else I (and my money) are welcome.   To north third, you are no longer worth the effort. I will do my best to inform all my friends.
