Recently moved to Rahway and wanted to try some of the local establishments.  This one looked promising from the outside but failed to deliver.  No liquor license so the only margarita you can get is in the form of a non alcoholic sugar rush.  You can BYO beer/wine so thats a plus. Every table gets a bowl of chips with salsa.  The salsa's consistency was closer to Ragu Sauce than a fresh salsa with chopped tomato and herbs.  Very disappointing.  Clearly came out of a can. As for the food, I had the Shrimp in Cilantro Especiale and my husband had the steak fajitas.  Dishes come with side of rice and choice of beans (black, whole or refried).  The shrimp dish is sold as "6 jumbo shrimp" in a cilantro sauce with a touch of garlic.  The shrimp were served butterflied and I am fairly certain they would not qualify as jumbo if you were buying them in a market.  Maybe medium to medium large.  The sauce tasted like someone had watered down the "salsa" and threw some green herbs in.  I didn't really taste much cilantro or garlic.  It was best described as runny tomato sauce.  It comes with a few flour tortillas but I didn't see how that was going to enhance the meal so I didn't eat them.  The rice was OK and the refried beans weren't too bad.  If I was paying $8.95 for this dish as a lunch special, I wouldn't complain but at $18.95 and with a dinner-sized appetite, this was way overpriced for not very much food of poor quality. My husband's steak fajitas were over cooked.  It was well done although he didn't ask for it cooked this way and the waitress didn't ask him how well he did want it cooked.  It didn't come out sizzling as you might expect but instead was covered in a gravy type sauce with lots of pepepers.  The meat was very tough and had little to no flavor.  Perhaps it had flavor at some point but the chef cooked all the flavor out of it.  The tortillas were so dry that the second he folded them up, the ripped apart.  Clearly not fresh. With just the two entrees, we ended up spending almost $50 on dinner.  A $5 spend at Taco Bell would have been far more satisfying.  There seemed to be a lot of regulars there, I have to admit.  Not sure what the draw is, perhaps they do better on the standard enchilada/burrito fare but I think its just that people can bring their kids and the kids are easily entertained by the abundant tzotchke that decorates the place and the games available to play.
