Made an Opentable reservation for a Saturday night here for dinner. When we arrived we were greeted very cordially and given a choice of tables in two areas. We chose a table by the window. Shortly after we arrived, water was served in "jar glasses" A sliced "mini loaf" of bread arrived with a plate of salt and one with olive oil in which there were a collection of fantastic herbs. B4 got off to a good start. Our waiter took our drink order and informed us of the daily specials including their price. Our waiter informed us that the Fish special included corn and despite liking the type of fish being offered, my dining partner passed on the special due to the corn. However, B4 is extremely accommodating to special requests so it is probable that the corn could have be eliminated or something else substituted if requested.  My dining partner ordered a Gin and Tonic which was excellent. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and informed me that the Apple Curry Soup was made with nuts, so I avoided it. We ordered our appetizers;  the Orange Fennel & Jicama Arugula Salad w/Honey Chili Vinaigrette  and Strawberry and  Spinach Salad w/Warm Bacon Dressing & Candied Pecans. We chose the Seared Salmon w/ Israeli Couscous  Feta Salad and Seared Sea Scallops w/Cauliflower Purée & Cucumber Dill Drizzle as our entrees. Our waiter did not ask how I wanted my salmon cooked (usually I prefer medium rare) so I assumed that the chef would prepare it appropriately. The appetizer salads were both excellent although the optional "fresh pepper" was overpowering coarsely ground peppercorns so if you get "fresh pepper" here go lightly on it. Then our entrees arrived. My dining partner's scallop entree was excellent but it included a considerable amount of corn accompaniment that was NOT mentioned in the menu description. My dining partner specifically avoided ordering the daily special due to corn and chose a dish that ended up having corn as well. My salmon entree was admittedly good but, it arrived medium well, certainly not the way most professional chefs would prepare salmon. It was good, however, so I kept it. My dining partner chose the chocolate brownie with candied bacon and hazelnut gelato for dessert. I had a taste and while everything was excellent, the combination of candied (pork) bacon and chocolate brownie just didn't work for me. Fortunately, my dining partner loved it.  The decor feels like a theatrical set with different color brick walls throughout, fascinating photographs in the front room and large paintings of food in the back dining room. Service was extremely friendly and accomodating. When we were about to leave, the hostess apologized for the behavior of the child at the table adjacent to ours. Actually, as we told her, he was not disruptive at all and there was no need for an apology. (There were several open tables available and if he had been disruptive, we would have notified the hostess and she would have moved us to a different table). It's a tough call between 3 and 4 stars for this restaurant. I really want to give it 3 1/2. But, I certainly would return, so I'll give it 4, mostly because of how hard they try to please, and see how things are on my next visit. It's not really a destination place, more of a neighborhood gem that needs a little bit of polishing.
