I really hope that Sorella ends up being a staple in Hartford. Yes, it's another Italian restaurant downtown, but what sets it apart is it's high quality brick oven pizza (and I am huge pizza snob so to get my approval is rare), portions are just right, and prices are definitely reasonable. The lunch and dinner menu is the same so I can see why some people might think the lunch prices are high, but for dinner prices, I think they are spot on, especially with surrounding Italian restaurants where starting prices for a pasta dish is closer to $20, these are more around $14 and up. My husband and I started with the Italian meats, the prosciutto was amazing, copa a little spicy but I enjoyed it. We happened to be sitting next to one of the owners who was very friendly, even let me try some of his own cheese off his appetizer plate. He recommended the octopus appetizer and while that was somewhat out of my comfort zone, my husband wanted to go for it. he enjoyed it more than I did, the sauce that was on the octopus was delicious, but I will stick with calamari in the future. The bread basket was served with a really delicious artichoke spread. I asked the waiter about it and he mentioned they switched to this from the olive oil and I encouraged them to keep the spread, it was amazeballs! For dinner I ordered the eggplant pizza which was cooked to perfection, the only area of improvement would be that I asked for caramelized onions as well and truthfully, they were hard to find, but the pizza didn't really need them anyways. My husband ordered the ossu buco pasta dish and it was also delicious. We splurged for dessert as well, which unbeknownst to us, the owner ended up paying for. We ordered both the tiramisu and the gelato brioche sandwiches. I like my tiramisu where the flavors have blended a bit more, this one missed that, but the gelato sandwiches were a real treat. Overall we had a wonderful dining experience, and I am looking forward to going back. Finally found a pizza place in the area that compares to my parents brick oven pizza!
