Man... this place is in the G-H-E-T-T-O. I don't necessarily have a problem with that - I'm from New York, and I lived in Los Angeles for years, so lots of my favorite restaurants are in shady areas - but I do think it's worth mentioning. I don't mind walking through bad neighborhoods, but the girls I brought there were less than thrilled about the location and it took some convincing (I had to drive around the block twice) to get them to agree to go inside. If you're visiting from out of town and you're not used to sketchy places, you may not be happy about this. Once we got inside, though, we all started to feel better about things. A younger, hipper crowd that was pretty surprising compared to the view from the street. Nice decor. Quick, friendly service. We were seated immediately and got our drinks fast. By the way, the beer list is HUGE. If you can't find something you like, you don't like beer. The "sweet suicide" onion rings were absolutely amazing. Salty and spicy as hell. Best thing I ate in Philly. The cold corn soup was also very good. Other than that, though, I'd say the food was just okay. Everyone on Yelp raves about the smoked coconut sandwich, but I thought it was dry and weird. Yeah, the coconut tastes like bacon, but if you're a carnivore (like me) then you just wish you were eating bacon, and if you're vegan (like my girlfriend) then you don't want to eat something that tastes like meat. It wasn't bad - I ate most of it - but it wasn't rave-worthy. Needs work. Something like the coconut jam in Susan Feniger's "kaya toast", maybe. The fries that came with it were just okay; I stuck to the onion rings instead. The "beer garden" pretty much just looked like an alley with a bunch of picnic tables where you can smoke. No ornamentation or atmosphere of any kind. Maybe it's nicer at night, but it wasn't very inviting in the daytime and we weren't waiting around for it to get dark. Pretty pricey, considering the location. About $100 for lunch and drinks for three. But my car was still where I parked it, so that was a nice surprise.
