Recently did a quickie weekend getaway in Philly this past weekend, and while I can't say my destination spot was all that exciting, what Philly does have in abundance is great restaurants. After arriving and roaming around Philly Saturday afternoon, we yelped a few spots around us and this seemed to rate the highest and had an interesting menu, so my friend and I wandered over. While it's not on a 'happening' block, it is near where the "shopping" district on Walnut ends, so we walked a few extra blocks there. The place was a lot smaller than expected, and even though we saw 2 tables open, the wait for one was apparently 1.5 hours!?! We asked about the bar area and were told it was first come, first served. Luckily we found 2 spots next to each other toward the back of the restaurant. Unfortunately, the area was so narrow and it was close to the kitchen and where the waitstaff prepped everything, it was a bit cramped and noisy and where we sat was sort of a narrow lunch counter set up. The upside to the seating was the fact that we got everything fresh from the kitchen and we could flag down a server asap. We ordered the pickled cauliflower, which comes in a cute set up - served in a mason jar, on top of a wooden board w/sliced bread and small pots of olives and cheese on the side (I can't remember which kind...ricotta? - regardless of type, it was delicious). I wish we could have gotten the brussel sprouts but they had bacon in them and I was dining with a vegetarian. Next up, I wasn't feeling like having a burger, so I decide to go with the pulled pork and I think it was a good call (it also comes with fried pickles, yum!). My friend had the veggie burger (I normally hate veggie burgers but theirs is AMAZING and huge) and we ordered the tater tots on the side. For drinks we had some whiskey cocktails, which were delicious and kept us warm. Overall, 5 stars for food & drink, 4 for ambience, and 4.5 price point. Being as how I live in NY, I can't really knock them on the size of the space/prices much, considering everything here is usually smaller and more expensive for this type of meal.
