The grand opening of Umami Burger in New York City means that this four-year-old franchise begun by Adam Fleischman (umami.com/about-adam) in 2009 now has NINETEEN locations. The only other one outside the golden state of California is in Miami., born-in-California (La Brea, to be exact, and that's the REAL Southern California righ tthere). Florida I can understand, but what persuaded an LA-style joint - clean, sunny, happy, well-adjusted - to come to New York City? Especially to a strip where vestiges of true grunge and self conscious commercialization of it clash in such a fashionable way? I'm sure the answer is population, food lovers, and cash monayyy. Via the good graces of a long lost connection from back in the days of college Español class, two companions and I were so lucky as to be invited to Friends and Family night. So, prior to opening day. two out of the three of us walked up ten minutes late for our 8:45 p.m. reservations. Though the windows were still wrapped up and a sign said, "Opens Monday, July 29th," the doors were open, and a healthy gathering buzzed about inside. The hostess greeted and seated us without giving us crap for being late and not having all members of the party present. No one quizzed us on our connection to the night. All I did was mention my name, and an ultra kind and informative server took care of us, letting us know that our meal included either an Original or Earth (vegetarian) Burger, two sides amongst the three of us, one beverage (including ALCOHOLIC) each, and limitless water and iced tea...as if their iced tea - inspiringly fresh and only lightly sweetened - isn't a beverage unto itself! We were soon joined by our companion and promptly ordered two Originals, one Earth burger, truffle fries, a House Pickle Plate, and one delicious drink each. The drink menu, by the way, cleverly featured many stiff, brown drinks with names like "Closing Bell" to cater to the New York City audience. I wondered who wrote the copy for each $12 drink, because it was so enticing that I ended up torn between something with beef jerky in it and something with cachaca in it...I went for the cachaca (Brazilian Sunset). I was glad I went for the lighter option once the food started arriving. My cocktail, like the house iced tea, was perfectly balanced and not too sweet. Thus, I was able to fully enjoy my RARE Original burger, saltylicious truffle fries (which didn't beat you over the head with that sometimes overdominant Essence of Truffle), and pickings from the multifaced house pickle plate, which featured a rainbow of tangy edibles that were diversely flavored but crunchy and fresh across the board. Our server had briefed us on the specially sourced bread, made of milk and honey and formed via a strictly calculated bread-to-meat ratio. The result is something that tastes like Hawaiian enriched sweet rolls dipped in butter (I mean this in a GOOD way, lest you cringe...just let go of your b.s. health rules for a second...), and does NOT obstruct your path to the innards of house-ground beef, SHREDDED lettuce, and a thin slice of mushroom sealing in this "umami dust" everyone's talking about. Basically, Umami is a flavor that is hard to explain, but yet was scientifically proven by a Japanese researcher prior to WWI....I think that the Korean equivalent is "goso," so that should at least provide some reference point to Koreans and Korean-Americans reading this. But the rest of yas? I'd describe it as that hearty taste that evokes smoke without smokiness, and isn't tangy but makes the glands in your cheek fire off plenty of drool....and the burger here is just one way that you'll be guaranteed to experience it, no matter how you conceive of it on a personal level or how your taste buds are rigged. Will this burger blow everything you've ever had in NYC out of the water? Will this be the burger that you stake your life in saying is the best of the best? Maybe, maybe not ...though the Earth Burger is VERY close to commanding Best Ever status in the category of veggie burgers. What Umami Burger will provide to the West Village 'hood is a signature taste gifted from the West Coast, delivering crispness and innovation, but with enough weight and depth to please even the roughest-edged East Coast sensibilities. Prediction: Umami Burger may very well give Shake Shack a  serious run for its money because of its excellent, personal service and less trough-like atmosphere and clean burning taste - all for barely a few dollars more. And those cocktails! Those pickles! That tea! No one made us fill out a survey when we were done with our comped meal. No one told us to tag photos online or do a check-in or even go to a website. No one even so much as displayed body language seeking tips, though tips we did leave. This trusting, non-solicitous treatment of the customer of course had the effect that you are reading. I'm a fan, and urge anyone to see for themselves.
