This is Hubby and my other fave place.  We also started going to Anella about 2 weeks after it opened and immediately fell in love with the space, super friendly staff and the food.  I thought that it couldn't get much better; how could they possibly improve upon their uber light, super tasty and perfectly balanced meatballs...well not only did they improve but they completely went to the next level. New chef, Joseph Ogrodnek, has elevated the food at Anella two steps above where it was.  His fresh take on Mediterranean influenced fare is, well, fresh!  His youth is a huge plus and not at all a hinderence in his cooking.  He takes a very new approach to classic dishes, i.e. his "Mac & Cheese" (baked rigatoni, fontina, tomato confit, soft cooked egg), it's for adults and not for the kiddies. Handmade Pappardelle, pork ragu, grana padano, castelvatrano olives, is light and very flavorful. Starting with the apps, his candied heirloom baby carrots topped with a cloud of whipped ricotta is simply suh-blime.  I am not in the least bit a fan of Brussels sprouts, needles to say I hate the little buggers, I did not only like the roasted Brussels sprout salad, I devoured it. His creativity with vegetables also extends to his handling of seafood and meat, his Striped Bass with heirloom carrots, sauteed greens, cara cara orange is so fresh tasting and yummy.  Braised Short Ribs with cabbage and potatoes is simple and unpretentious and so savory. Unlike other chefs, Joseph creates his own sweets for desert.  My favorites are the chocolate bread pudding with la caribe valhrona chocolate buttermilk ice cream and the seasonal roasted fruit with vanilla mascarpone, vin cotto. Do ask about the specials that they have as they are really wonderful. The wine list is growing and matches well with the new menu.  I would love for them to do a tasting/pairing menu one of these days. Now that spring has sprung and summer is just around the corner, sit out back in the wonderfully landscaped garden (where most of the fresh herbs used come from when in season). The only reason that I didn't give Anella a 5 star rating is that their ventilation system needs a bit of work. I really didn't notice it until the back was closed off and the doors were kept shut for the winter months, but you do get a little bit of a stuffy feeling due to the slightly lacking ventilation from the open kitchen. Don't let stop you from going though, the food is well worth it.
