After hearing the accolades for this restaurant for years, I've been dying to try it and after my meal here, I can attest to the validity of the praise! The restaurant itself looks like a little store front, but opens up in the back.  There was ample street parking when we went and at night, no need to feed the meters (fyi). The hospitality and welcoming atmosphere was apparent from the very beginning; we got caught in traffic on the way there, and called just to let them know we were going to be late.  The response? "Take your time, don't worry about it, just get here safely" :) Upon arrival, we were greeted, then shown to the connecting wine store, where we sampled an amazing Riesling (and bought it for dinner).  After being seated, we were catered to by at least 3 waiters, who were constantly refiling water and wine, or stopping by to give us recommendations. We both opted for the 4 course grazer ($68 each?).  I got the scallops and foie gras ($11 supp), the stuffed baked oysters, the southwestern style panko crab cakes and something with mango, coconut, mac nut brittle and other stuff for dessert.   He got the crab cake stack, the chorizo and crab mac and cheese, the filet  ($11 supp)and creme brulee for dessert.   I would describe the dishes, but to be honest, the website does a much better job than I would!   Everything was amazing! The textures and flavors went together so well and everything was cooked perfectly.  Even my dessert was amazing (and I am not a big dessert person).  My favorites were the scallops and foie gras, the panko crab cakes, the chorizo mac and cheese, and my tropical dessert.  Just a warning- we can eat a LOT of food, but by the end of the meal, we were stuffed!!  For most, I would recommend either the 3 course, or the 4 course, but picking a couple of the smaller sized plates.  I think the oysters was the smallest plate we had- everything else was pretty big. The restaurant also has garden seating, but it was too cold for that when we went. :( This is definitely a great place for a nice cozy meal.  Please note, the seats are very close together, but the restaurant didn't get very loud, even when it was full.  I would (and have already) recommended this place to others!
