Just amazingly not worth it.  My friends and I got here at 7pm on a Thursday and were told the wait would be 45-60 minutes (so no, you don't magically avoid a wait by coming for a weekday dinner; we were told they were packed as soon as they opened at 6pm).  Ok, we thought, we expected a wait and 45-60 is annoying but not psychotic.  And it's totally going to be worth it, right?  For the "best pancakes in NYC"? Well, an hour and 40 minutes later, we finally sat down.  I'm a big proponent of 'under promise and over deliver', so if you tell me 60 minutes max, you damn well better not go 40 freaking minutes over that.  I will say that the hostess apologized, as the people at our table-to-be just. wouldn't. leave. after they paid.  But still - if you're not going to take reservations, your wait times better be very close to dead-on-balls accurate (it's an industry term).   Anyway, at least we were finally seated.  The biscuits were warm and good I guess?  I don't really know, we devoured them so quickly.  Well-versed in the menu due to our wait, we ordered right away.  I had the eggs benedict, and my friends had the turkey chili with cheese grits, and the fried chicken special, and we shared a plate of the chocolate chunk pancakes.  At least that's what our waitress told the kitchen.  We were instead brought the special pancakes (with crunchy bananas and a chocolate-chili sauce).  After the wait, we were clearly not about to accept an incorrect order, so we alerted her to the mistake and she let us keep those pancakes and quickly brought out the correct ones.  Great! And now to the food.  The scallions on my eggs benedict were a nice touch, but the eggs themselves were soft-boiled, not poached.  Really, you can't poach an egg?  You guys were on Food Network.  My friends' dishes were fine, but nothing to be excited about.   And the pancakes?  Just....nothing remotely special.  Actually pretty bland and flavorless, even with the chocolate chunks.  Remember too that we tried two different sets of pancakes due to their mistake, so it's not like we just got a bad batch.  They were just so disappointing.  We all looked at each other like, that's it?  That's what we waited all night for?  What in the hell are people talking about? The great thing about NYC is that there are a million places where you can A) get seated right away, or make a reservation, and B) have amazing, memorable food.  Sad to say this place offers neither.  You want great pancakes?  Go to a diner, or even IHOP.  Yeah that's right -- IHOP has better pancakes than this place.   Save your precious time.  Cronuts are NOT WORTH a bajillion-hour wait, and neither is Clinton St Baking Company.
