Recently, my boyfriend and I went to Yuca for Happy Hour drinks with a married couple (man and woman) with whom I work. We had a quiet time and enjoyed drinks and appetizers. At the end of the evening, I closed my tab with our bartender, Luis. I had been happy with his service and left a tip just as I would for any other bartender. As I signed the credit card slip, imagine my surprise when Luis said, in Spanish, "Finally these f*ggots are leaving." Rather than automatically becoming upset and defensive with Luis, which would have been a perfectly appropriate response to such a hateful statement, my boyfriend, friends, and I left after saying good night. I have learned long ago that returning hatred to someone  in such a situation does not improve the outcome of that experience. I also would not stoop down to Luis's level by continuing such hurtful dialogue. Rather, I decided to contact the manager of the restaurant the next day to make him aware of what happened. Surely, the manager could deal accordingly with his employee. Therefore,  I and a family member of mine called the manager the next day. When we explained the situation to Sergei, he automatically responded with, "My employee would never have said something like that unless you were belligerent with him." I explained that this simply was not the case. In fact, I left the restaurant without causing a scene, knowing it would serve no purpose. Further, even if I had not been a perfectly kind customer or was "belligerent", being called a f*ggot by anyone, especially by someone serving a customer, is completely inappropriate. Sergei then stated that he would speak with Luis. However,  he stated very emphatically that he did not believe Luis acted in the wrong. Unfortunately, this has led me to believe that the management at Yuca promotes a sense of hatred and exclusion. This is especially surprising given that this restaurant is located in the East Village. It is clear that even though gay individuals may enjoy marriage equality in New York, we are not truly considered equal by certain people. Therefore, I no longer feel comfortable being a customer at this institution, and I will no longer show Yuca my patronage.
