Ok, I'm on my pizza soapbox again.  I've been here once before so I was in town for a friends wedding and I brought my wife and daughter here to experience the restaurant.  The staff couldn't have been nicer and accommodated my not quite 2 year old daughter, who behaved perfectly for most of the meal. It was a Saturday mind you but we purposely chose a 5:30 time to avoid the crowds. The restaurant is quite large with many different rooms and seating areas.  The server  we had that night was fantastic!  He know his stuff and it appeared so did the other servers.  They helped my wife select the right wine for the mood she was in and the pizza she had ordered. I've read about Osteria for years in Pizza articles and blogs and it's always mentioned when discussing pizza restaurants that started the upscale pizza movement.  I respect that.  My first visit was a business dinner that was Prix Fixe type of an affair so things where just brought to our table.  I did sample pizza at the end but that was also a couple of cocktails and a bottle (or two) of wine later so I couldn't rely on that experience.  This was my ulterior motive for coming back when the opportunity presented itself.  So here I was again with my family and we decided to go all pizza for the dinner. The pizza was great, not mind altering incredible.   The crust was perfectly thin and balanced in terms of crispy to chewy.  However, nothing made me want to tear up like I just drank a wonderful bottle of 1947 wine that's something good and french (I've always seen this mentioned, never had anything that old).  It was good pizza but both my wife and I both agreed after we left it wasn't remarkable.   I am a pizza snob, just look at my other reviews, but I would still eat here, just not the pizza.  I can say to my other pizza snob friends that I've been there and done that.   The service was fantastic, the wine selections were excellent, the atmosphere was comfortable and stylish.  I would recommend Osteria for a fine meal.
