We visited Feng recently to celebrate our daughter's 18th birthday.  This is probably our 5th visit there and was one of those once-a-year dinners.  There were 7 in our party and we arrived for an EARLY Saturday dinner.  I stress the early because we were not in the midst of a dinner rush, and I think my comments about service and SOME of the food speak to the fact that neither the kitchen nor the waitstaff were stretched at a peak dining moment, yet they did not deliver what should have been a 4-star dinner. First, let's talk appetizers: Food:  Not a single miss on these for taste.  Korean style calamari, edamame sprinkled with a special black salt, blue fin toro tartare, and tuna wasabi dumplings.  My only quibble is that the dumplings which are formed by thin sheets of tuna used to be tied with strands of chive, which helped hold the "purse" together for eating.  In this case, the chive was simply laid across the top and they were difficult to eat.  I'd rather have a chef spend the time to tie them up than sprinkle them with the gratuitous edible gold dabbed on top. Soups: Hit:  Aged miso soup is outstanding.  The bowl is delivered with mushrooms in the bottom, then the broth is poured tableside, and the rim sprinkled with another type of delicious special salt. Miss (BIG miss):  Clam tom yum soup.  Flavorless and served lukewarm.  I find it hard to believe a chef ever tasted this or that anyhone cooking or serving it didn't notices it wasn't piping hot.  This was disappointing because this soup should be bursting with spice and flavor, not to mention be hot in temperature. Main Courses: Everyone ordered a variety of things that were mostly solid:  diver scallops, duck, Spicy 2-in-1 special roll, various cut and hand rolls. BIG quibble (particularly for a place that has multiple sushi chefs highlighted at the front of the restaurant theoretically making fresh rolls):  My mother's rolls (California, sweet potato tempera) were STONE COLD.  That would be virtually impossible, given the handling needed to make them in the minutes before serving, so that leads me to conclude that they were pre-made and refrigerated.  Pretty big disappointment since we have always had stellar sushi here. Desserts: Spiced rice pudding was lovely, sprinkled with pistachios and drizzled with raspberry and caramel sauces.  Fried ice cream was served on fire for the birthday girl, after a couple of tries to get it to stay lit.   Service:  With a half-empty restaurant and a full complement of waitstaff, our server's timing could have been much improved.  Appetizers were all served simultaneously by a swoop of staff but we had to wait to eat them until she suddenly she came rushing over and had to practically throw plates on the table.  What should have happened is that as soon as she took our orders, the bus staff should have brought plates.  Instead, throughout the meal, I watched a gaggle of bus staff hanging out near the computer near the kitchen doors.  Someone really needs to take some leadership and get the front of house staff coordinated.  Our waitress was friendly and pleasant, but not "in charge" of what was going on with her tables' timing. We had a nice dinner, but with the misses (and for the price), it could have been better.
