I am yelping now do to how much my roomate loves it. Is her bible. I have always been skeptical. Food is my greatest passion. I love to eat GOOD FOOD. I know food pretty well and i did not want to be disappointed. But I finally gave it a try and WOWWWW i loved  the places it has guide me to. Here is my first: Tabare. Tabare is different. Unique. Not your typical cookie cutter place. The decor is phenomenal. Someone definitely put a lot of love and though into designing this restaurant. I have been to Latin America and Europe many times and this place gives me the same type feel of comfort and freedom like if time, work...etc did not matter anymore. It all vanished. The Food was simply delicious. No heavy sauces, no mixes of tons of ingredients. Just great food. Local, Farmed sourced, Organic, Hormone free, Pastured.. I tried the lemon Gnocchi with Peas and Spinach. My mouth is watering thinking about it. Such tender little pillows with mozzarella cheese melting out of them. Spinach was cooked perfectly, wilted but still crunchy, Peas were sweet and NOT mushy. A hint of lemon and truffle oil... Oh man i need to go back just for this. Best i have ever had!!!! My friend had the Churrasco. It was cooked perfectly. Juicy, tender.. Amazing. We also shared Beef and Special empanadas . Crispy, tender crust ( hard to find anywhere) Packed with super tasty, flavorful meat, cheese, mushrooms.. Just WOW. The wine was very good! We had a bottle of Rose that was perfect. Just enough fruit to it, without being overly sweet, mineral and very dry. Yum! It was very affordable as well! We ended our meal with Strawberry Rhubarb sorbet. This was just heaven. If they have it, go for it! The server told us that their kitchen is tiny. Therefore, the long wait for food. But it does make for such a different personal taste. It was like eating at a private dinner a Chef is having at her/his house. The Staff was Friendly and sweet. Here, Tabare can really improve. Service was slow.... and i am not talking just about the food. Servers disappeared several times. Also, servers should be more knowledgeable of the menu. I asked my server a few things and answers were short and uninformative. Our server seemed overwhelmed and confused. The table next to us got their food wrong, and waited a lot longer than us. They seemed pretty pissed off. At that point it gets hard to enjoy your meal when it actually comes. Hopefully, they'll work on their customer service. CASH ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!
