She said: Yum.  We visited this restaurant on a quiet Monday evening, and we had the most amazing Mexican dinner -- probably one of the best I've ever had.  (For someone who's lived several years in CA, this is kind of a big statement.) The two especially memorable dishes were the seafood soup and the chicken dish with cactus (served in a pot made out of lava rock).  The seafood soup had generous amounts of seafood in a delicious, comforting broth.  The chicken was grilled and simmered in a delectable sauce, with melting cheese and cactus -- and it was memorably good, better than similar dishes served at other restaurants.  Its portion was generous, so you could take some home or share this entree with a friend.  My mouth is now watering. No complaints about their homemade tortillas, tortilla chips, and sides.  The waitress was sweet and very helpful, and she recommended trying desserts (they are homemade) next time -- if I weren't stuffed, I would have certainly tried some on the spot.  I can't wait to go back, have another yummy, filling meal, and leave a little room for dessert! He said:  I had a great time here.  We went on a nice quiet summer evening and were the only couple inside the restaurant (apparently everyone else enjoyed sweating outside).  I agree that the dinner was excellent.  The biggest highlights were the seafood soup and the lava rock dish (it may be called the molcajete pollo, but don't hold me to that).  Both were absolutely delicious, top notch Mexican.  The portion sizes were also very reasonable, we got filled up much quicker than we expected.  We also tried the spicy pineapple margarita, which was tasty but could have been a bit more spicy in my opinion.  Other stuff we tried was the Queso Chihuahua, which was tasty but ridiculously filling (it's basically a boat filled with cheese and cactus).  The one miss was the Chicken Mole.  It was all right, but a little more bitter and chocolaty than I would prefer.  All in all though, I'd highly recommend this place and will probably be back in the next couple of months.
