My husband and I used to go to Barcelona New Haven at least once a month for dinner.  About a year ago, the quality started slipping and we had a few lackluster experiences with the service, so we stopped making it a regular place.  This past weekend we decided to try it again and were pleasantly surprised. We did not have a reservation, but were told the wait was going to be minimal so we grabbed a drink at the bar.  I highly recommend the Summer St. Sling.  It's Chamomile infused Tito's vodka, Fresh Pink Grapefruit & Lemon Juices, and Grapefruit Bitters.  I'm not a big grapefruit fan, but this was DELICIOUS!  I had 2 before the night was over.   We were seated within 10 minutes and the manager profusely apologized for the wait...no big deal dude, but thanks!  We had a nice table by the window and our waitress was very friendly.  We promptly ordered 6 tapas plates.  The first 3 were brought out quickly - Organic Greens with Goat Cheese Croquettes, Papas Bravas and Seared Sea Scallops with an Heirloom Tomato Jam and Crispy Speck.  The greens and papas bravas (potatoes with a smoked paprika sauce) were delicious as we had remembered, but the scallops were just ok.  The jam was very sweet and over powered everything and the scallops themselves left something to be desired.   Next up was Chorizo with Sweet & Sour Figs, Hangar Steak with Truffle Sauce and Halibut a la Plancha with Salsa Verde.  The chorizo is always a hit and the sauce is perfect for dipping bread in, and the steak is my absolute favorite dish on the menu.  Grilled to a nice medium rare and so incredibly flavorful with that truffle sauce.  The halibut was not very good.  Right off the bat it smelled super fishy, which was unappetizing.  When we tried it, it was very dry and overcooked, plus the salsa verde was incredibly oily and unappetizing.   At the end of the meal, we told our waiter that we didn't like it.  We didn't expect anything, but the manager promptly came over, apologized and took it off of our bill.  Fantastic customer service! I seem to never have a great experience with seafood here, so I'm going to keep that in mind for the future and try some other non-fishy items.  It's a shame because it's one of my favorite types of food, but oh well! For desert we split the warm chocolate hazelnut indulgence with Mounds ice cream.  This way really good and the ice cream was definitely the best part! We'll definitely be returning to Barcelona in the near future and might even add it back into the rotation :)
