So it seems as though my first review was taken down, which is too bad, I had a legitimately poor experience and wanted to share that, kinda defeats the purpose having a forum to review a restaurant if they take down bad reviews. my original review gave them 1 star, this time I'll give them 2, maybe then they won't take down my critique, here is what I said originally...This was the 4th or 5th time I've eaten here, and well I do like the idea, fresh local food in preparations that you don't find in too many other area establishments, I have to say I was left very underwhelmed. The food was good...not great, the real problem I had was with the service. We had made a reservation for 10, it was our friend's birthday, I under stand that serving a group of 10 can be challenging, but we did our best to be as easy as possible, we had 2 or 3 people doing most of the ordering. The waitress appeared to be put off by us ordering things...like we were an inconvenience to her. At one point we tried to order a round of shots for the table...easily adding $150 to the bill and $30 to her tip, but she said she didn't think she could do it...they have a bar, they have shot glasses, they have booze...where's the problem? It wasn't as if we were already tanked and causing a ruckus, I just don't understand not give a customer something they ask for. Finally as the meal was winding down i thought to myself, "gee, I would love a coffee, and maybe check out what they had for dessert." about 2 minutes later the check was dropped on the table in front of me, I later found out that she had asked one end of the table if we were finished, but I don't feel like it should be my fellow dinners' responsibility to make sure everyone is finished. I think of myself as a generous tipper, and have worked in the food-service industry and I understand how important tips are to make a living, I normally leave at least 20% and it usually takes a lot for me to leave anything less....this was one of those cases in which I would have left 10%, but I didn't have a choice, since it was a group of 10, 20% gratuity was already include, maybe that explains the quality of service, the waitress knew she was guaranteed 20% no matter what the quality of her service was. Definitely the last time I will eat here.
