I've been trying to get Boyfriend to take me here for awhile, but he was not into the idea of going to a small, cramped tapas bar with small portions and high prices. So, after months of begging and pleading, I was feeling slightly depressed on my birthday and he generously offered to take me to Tia Pol as part of what he called a one time deal. It was pretty good. We ordered six small plates, one dessert and two glasses of sangria and the bill was one hundred even. A little pricey, but not too much of a splurge considering that it was a special occasion. At the time, I enjoyed everything pretty thoroughly, but now, a couple of weeks later, I am having some difficulty recalling the highlights. I suppose that is pretty par for the course for tapas: there will be a number of tasty little dishes, but without one showstopping entree, everything sort of blends together. That being said, the octopus terrine was pretty cool. I had never had octopus with that sort of soft texture before, and it was very unexpectedly delicious. I liked that they had molded the tentacles together to form the terrine but that the individual pieces were easy to separate from the whole to eat them. This dish was probably the best of the lot. As for the rest, the veal marrow toasts were of course tasty, but not how I expected them to be. Instead of marrow on top of a slice of bread, the marrow was baked into it, leaving you with marrow infused toasts. A tasty bite for sure, but I sort of missed the creamy texture of the marrow that I'm used to. The tortilla espanola was pretty traditional, not that I'm complaining-- the dish leaves little room for improvement. The cheese plate was small but good. The lamb skewers were a little cumin happy. The squid ink and rice was probably the weirdest dish. Boyfriend was practically licking the plate, but after a few bites I was happy to leave him to it. I forget the name of the dessert, but I think it featured almonds, and that I liked it. The sangria was decent, but not extraordinary. All in all, I was glad to finally get my tapas, and even Boyfriend had to admit it was a good meal. It was a nice low-key place for a date, with good service. I'm not sure I'd make a point to go back, but I'd definitely recommend it to a friend.
