Who's a gigantic piggie when it comes to Sam food? ::looks left:: ::looks right:: Okay, fine, it's me. Southwark is gorgeous.  Don't let the outside, which is kind of understated, fool you.  Though the dining room I just peeked at, the bar is freakin' gorgeous.  Wooden and pretty and filled with friendly staff who make sure your drink glass is full, you have water to soak up said booze, and that you're happy.  Hell, they replaced our flatware between each course!   (Did I mention I loved our server, whose name I think is Lewis/Louis?  Because he was incredible.  He had me laughing, smiling, and generally beaming all night.)   Anyway, the drinks were good.  I generally don't quibble about $10 drinks, but though I don't think these were the best $10 drinks I've ever had they were certainly worth every penny.  And stout.   The food, though, was amazing.  I knew it would be, but I'd kind of forgotten what REALLY GOOD FOOD tastes like.   As it was Sunday and that's a special "off the menu" day, I won't belabor it too much, but I will say: Beef tongue is good.  Beef tongue pastrami is awesome.  Pickled carrots make me a happy gal.  Happy marriages of beef tongue, carrots, mustard, and bread are lovely. Sweetbreads cooked properly are little nuggets of heaven.  These were cooked properly.  I had a bite of fluke and it was also good, but c'mon...SWEETBREADS.   The clams here are in a fantastic tomato broth.  It's incredible.  I kind of wanted to ask for extra bread, but I was already so full my stretchy leggings were groaning. Scotch egg?  Scotch egg.  Really fantastic.  Homemade sausage, a well cooked egg, delightful sauce.  Jesus christ.  I am such a glutton, but this might have been my favorite dish.  Eggs are my favorite food but wrap them in pork and all bets are off on whether or not I will ever exit the table. Ribs that were boneless (far more dainty for this clumsy gal), purple (!) sweet potatoes, heaven.  The smoke made them extremely flavorful, but not overpowering, and they were so tender.  There are some in my fridge right now.  I'm going to eat them soon.  Cold.  I don't care. Creme brulee that isn't too sweet makes me happy.  Throw in perfect shortbread and I swoon. Oh, and Sam kills it with meringues. In other words, I'm skipping a whole bunch of descriptions because really good food doesn't need it.  And Sam changes the menu a lot, anyway. The upshot is this: Southwark may seem like a bar, but it's really a fantastic little restaurant with a fancy ass bar up front.  Service could not have been better, the food could not have been scrumptious... Oh, and it's all reasonably priced.   If I lived closer, I'd move in.
