I was so excited to try a Jose Garces restaurant for the first time.  I needed to convince the hubby to go since he claims that he is not a fan of tapas at all.  He relented, and he is definitely glad we went for our anniversary dinner. We arrived on time for our 7:45pm reservation and were promptly seated.  Our first server was friendly and explained to us the style of food and her suggestion of what to order.  I ordered a glass of wine and it was brought out quickly.  After scanning the menu, we decided to order 7 items.  The first thing to come out was the amuse from the chef.  It was like a hollow, cheesy, crispy, egg roll skin with a tomato creme fraiche dipping sauce.  The sauce was sooo good with a nice tang...I was sad when they took the plate away and brought out our figs wrapped in serrano ham.  The figs were tasty, but I didn't think they were all that spectacular. Mixto cheese plate- there was a creamy and tangy goat cheese (my favorite), a cow and sheep's milk blue cheese, and a cheese that had the texture of manchego.  It came with a little blob of honey and thinly sliced green apple with crackers and bread.  So tasty. Arugula salad with crispy serrano ham, little balls of fried goat cheese, pine nuts and figs- delicious.  Loved the different textures and sweet, savory, and tart flavors.  And who doesn't love little balls of fried cheese? Moules basquaise- the mussels came in this mini dutch oven on a plate with a side of fries with lemon aioli on the bottom.  The mussels were tender and meaty in a zesty tomato sauce.  The fries were crispy and well seasoned.  I have to say, I was not a fan of the lemon aioli.  It lacked acid that would have made it more well balanced as a savory condiment.  I felt like if I didn't know any better, I was eating lemon frosting. Pork belly- I don't usually order pork in a restaurant...I feel like there's nothing special about pork.  But not this pork!  It was sweet, tender, slightly smokey and succulent.  The apple on top was a great way to keep the canape light.  The hubby said it reminded him of Chinese bbq pork (char siu)...haha. Lamb chop- it was like a "triple" chop that was beautifully frenched and perfectly cooked to a med-rare.  Juicy and tender...mmm.... Diver scallops- two humongous scallops on top of this creamy polenta-y/rissotto-like rich heavenly goodness.  There were little bits of crispy bacon on the side and the scallops were topped with shaved apple and some aromatic foam.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and like I said...the creamy goodness underneath was so frickin' good! By now, we were really full, but we decided to peek at the dessert menu anyway.  I am not a fan of flan like desserts, so we picked the chocolate y cafe.  It was delicious!  The hubby who does not like desserts ate more of this than I did!  The cake was moist and had these great little rice krispy like crunchies embedded for texture.  The coffee buttercream was light and creamy without being overpowering, and the accompanying hazelnut ice cream was divine.  It was the perfect dessert to end an amazing meal!   Thank you Chef Garces!  I hope to be back in Philly soon to try out your other establishments!
