You take the good, You take the bad, You take them both and there you have Nectar's. First, take the good: - if you're stuck downtown, this is one of the better places to hear live music. The bands they attract aren't always the greatest, especially because it seems like everyone's trying to be the next great jam band (seriously, can anyone write or sing a lyric anymore?), but some nights you'll luck out and hear a great new talent. - Burlington is filled with white people and if there's one thing white people like, it's trivia, and the best place in town to get your trivia fix is Nectar's. Hosted by TopHat every Thursday night, their Trivia Mania is worth showing up for and doesn't give you a headache like RiRa's Pub Quiz. - if you appreciate music history, it's cool to be able to check out the birthplace of Phish. - the drink specials often allow you the opportunity to get something on tap for $3 or less. Now, take the bad: - the food. This is a nightclub pretending that it is also capable of being a  restaurant. If you're going to eat, I recommend something difficult to screw up like a hamburger with fries. Even then, expect that they might screw it up. And don't expect anything healthy; they don't offer healthy. If you want a piece of history, go for the famous gravy fries. - The food prices. That aforementioned hamburger and fries costs $9.50. $10.50 if you want cheese with that. $11.00 if you want VT cheddar cheese. $11.50 if you want onions. $13.00 if you want bacon. And I suppose not everything is unhealthy. You could substitute a side salad for those fries, but then you're paying $14.50. I recommend eating at home and ordering a nice Switchback with a plate of gravy fries. - As previous commenters have mentioned, Nectar's underwent an extensive renovation in the last few years to try to modernize the place. I think they did this to make it less hippie and more hipster. Honestly, it doesn't really matter because it's still just a nightclub. But, what I don't like is the flimsy tables and chairs with which they replaced the solid booths and tables. Good luck finding a table that doesn't feel like it's going to cave in should you dare to use your knife at any point, or rest your elbow on the table. They definitely cut some corners with the renovation. And there you have Nectar's.
