New to the city and still looking for Pho that will knock me off my feet. I have yet to find it and from all the reviews I read it seems that it may not be here. This review is just for the Pho -- which I would give an OK to. The service was not the best experience. I would be interested in trying some of the food another time. 1. The place is very clean. 2. PHO: the broth was WAY fatty and not that flavorful - definitely a disappointment. I tried to doctor it as much as I could. One thing missing from the table was fish sauce and it could have used a little. I got #12 -- the rare beef. The beef, itself was outstanding. It was rare when it hit the table and slowly cooked in the warm broth as I ate it. It was incredibly tender and perfect thinness. The noodles were a bit thin for my taste but not enough to ruin my experience. I actually would have preferred fewer of them -- again not a deal breaker. As someone else mentioned the condiments were missing raw jalapenos but I didn't think to ask for them. That would have helped a lot. 3. Service: I was greeted very kindly by the woman at the front of the house and seated promptly. That is where the niceties ended. Noone was unkind or outwardly impolite but the passive aggressive treatment of me as a non-asian was apparent Trust me I never think this way but it was clear. First was the "fork insult." Though chopsticks are provided on the table, and I clearly took them out of the caddy and placed them in front of me, when the waiter brought my condiment set up he plopped a fork down in front of me. I don't need a fork and if I did I would ask for one. I ordered my food and as I ordered three more tables came in to eat. Two asian and one white. The white guy ordered after me and the two asian tables of multiple people ordered after him. I ordered first - one small bowl of Pho. A few minutes go by and the table across from me of two asian people get their condiments and their first dish. The waiter goes back to the kitchen and brings out their two bowls of Pho. The waiter goes back into the kitchen and brings out two more bowls of Pho. He heads directly to the other table of asian people who came after me. I give him a look like WTF? He says "it's coming!" He goes back into the kitchen and brings out another dish for the second table of asian people. Finally after trip number four he brings my Pho. I thank him politely. He then brings out the other white guy's Pho. Am I being oversensitive? I really don't think so. C'mon. I just came in to have some soup -- please treat me like everyone else. And serve people in the order in which they ordered if they are all getting the same thing. I understand if someone gets Goi Cuan (which are cold) and that comes out before my hot soup. So that was kind of a bummer. But I took it on the chin and moved on. I can't say this happens all the time there or if it was this one waiter. Or if it was truly a coincidence and perhaps the kitchen put out the bowls in that particular order. But it certainly seemed odd. Nonetheless I would probably go back at some point but I liked the broth so much better at Pho Grand. It was much more complex and full bodied. The meat in Pho Vietnam's though was much better and more plentiful. I'm torn on that. Perhaps there is a third place that can solve that problem. I'll have to keep searching! Could this be a weakness in the NYC food scene? Because I swear I have had better Pho in Milwaukee, WI. Certainly on the West Coast.
