I was expecting more.  From the 4-star rating on Yelp off of 1000+ reviews (and counting), the 1 hour wait from 5:15 to 6:15, and the quasi-religious level of hype that seems to get bestowed at Totto.  Here's my breakdown. Service: Clumsy.  Ordered Spicy Pork Ramen, and had the waiter bring it over insist it was chicken....huh??  Chicken Broth perhaps?  Anyways, I decided to eat whatever was in that bowl.  Also forgot to bring the kaedama portion of noodles, for which I had to remind the waiter about.  Finally, mid-way in the meal, we are served a pork something-don which we did not order and had to send back... Avo Tuna Appetizer: Quite visibly brown slice of avocado, arrangement very hastily slopped together.  Tuna was decent, but could have been more tender.  A sad looking and tasting dish overall. Spicy Ramen: For the good, noodle texture and consistency were excellent.  Also the side of egg is poached to a yolky perfection, beautifully executed.  On to the bad.  Broth surprisingly lacking in depth of flavor, almost bland.  I have been told from some more frequent-goers that the broth can vary widely in flavor, depending on how long the meats have been cooking for a particular pot, so it's likely I got unlucky.  Pork belly pieces had some slight char marks, but did not translate to any sort of textural crispiness , still tasted like the meats had been straight boiled.  The vegetables in the soup are quite forgettable.   Spicy Tuna Don: In the description, this is advertised as tuna sashimi served over rice.  What is served resembles a very unappetizing orange paste over rice.  No slices of fish whatsoever.  Everything tasted too rich, and the texture is almost slimy.  Did not like this dish one bit.   In the end, I felt like I had been let down...badly.  I'm curious whether I just had an unlucky experience, but probably not curious enough to go through the wait again.  This honestly felt like a below average to average ramen experience and not particularly noteworthy.  Based on my experiences, to even mention this place in the same breath as Ippudo is preposterous.
