This review refers specifically to the outdoor garden terrace for dinner. My review for the interior would be completely different. Perhaps it would be different for breakfast. Sorry, but I have to give a failing grade to the exterior terrace section where it's completely obvious the restaurant is gliding arrogantly on its history in the evening hours. And I haven't done that here in Princeton ever anywhere, and have lived here for eighteen years. Would recommend instead Agricola, Mediterra, Witherspoon Grill, Blue Point Grill, Acacia, Elements, and Tiger Noodles. Most have terraces. All these are far superior. I've been looking forward to eating at the Terrace section since it opened, but the weather doesn't usually cooperate. Usually it's too hot or too cold. Tonight, the weather was balmy and perfect. The experience should have been at least passable. And I have to say the company I was with was happy, and that the table and chair where I sat were clean... Other than that, my dinner was entirely a huge disappointment, and worthy of a complaint to the Better Business Bureau. The management should be upbraided. Horrible experience. My Top Ten complaints: 1)  My water glass was chipped and cracked, and of poor cheap quality. Hurt my mouth, and probably bloodied it. Should have been tossed. 2)  Needed a placemat at the very least on this coarse sort of aluminum garden table. 3)  Had to place our own fork and knife on aluminum ourselves even at these high prices. 4)  The pasta dish I had must have been made by an inexperienced fifteen year old. It was physically an unappealing, disorganized dish, although the vegetables were fine, but extremely greasy and dripping with oil. Unacceptable. 5)  The lighting was beyond lousy.The worst part of the meal. I couldn't see my food. Totally unacceptable. Lights built into the walls lit at seat and shoe level. I couldn't see my food on the table in the dark. I asked for a candle, but my request was shrugged off. No one had a candle, and I don't think anyone else could see what they were eating either. Very bad. 6)  We got there at 8 p.m. ~ normally a civilized hour for dinner internationally ~ Even so, the wait staff were preparing to leave, stacking up cushions, twirling down the umbrellas. Very disappointing. 7)  No bread or freebies brought to our table. 8)  Very expensive for what we got. 9)  No manager came and asked how our meal was going. So I couldn't say my problems to management in person. Management was non-existent. Service generally was uncaring. I don't think management ever eats here, sits in the dark, and eats this food. Totally unacceptable. 10)  Waiter rarely came by, and was inexperienced. Sorry to have to say all this. Truth to power. And I hope the powerful do something to change the terrace for the better. Management has to do something. It  could be so much better. Should be at those prices.
