Based on the very solid reviews, a friend and I went to Bahche on Saturday night.  I am completely boggled by all of the four-star ratings.  I had a chicken pesto panini that tasted off -- there's no other way to put it. I took home a spinach phyllo pastry to go, and it, too, tasted off.  Both featured a weird bitter taste and an odor I'm going to refrain from characterizing.  But I don't believe the food had gone bad -- I think this is how their food tastes.  Mediocre and unremarkable are two words that come to mind. I've never actually written a negative review on Yelp -- I don't feel good about doing it, and figure there are others out there who will.  But after having a really disappointing dinner for two last night and knowing that $50 (including a 20% tip) could've been much better spent, say, at Cubana Cafe on 6th Ave, I really felt like I needed to.  The menu is very brief, and some reviewers had noted that.  They don't really serve "dinner," per se, although they said they are testing one or two entres every night.  Maybe this is a better brunch place?  Maybe they're better at catering? As others mentioned, the space is huge.  And looks it when empty -- there was only one other table occupied in the entire space on a Saturday night when lots of people were out.  You'd think the service would've been attentive, but I can't even say that was the case!  I will give the waitress the benefit of the doubt and presume she was new.  When a table of two orders one dessert, isn't it customary to serve it with two utensils so it can be shared? Last, the street is not inviting at night.  I've lived in Bklyn for 20 years and I get it -- this area is turning around, millennials are moving in, etc.  It's Gowanus, not Park Slope. But the street the restaurant is on is not one you'd be inclined to walk down, and indeed no one was anywhere in sight when we left around 8pm.  There's at least one body shop on the block and many of the buildings are either still warehouses or they're not currently being used; however, it was too dark to know for sure.   So all that said, I just don't get it!
