After reading some reviews, we checked out Morgan's for Sunday brunch. To be blunt, boy were we sorry.  First off, as the server sat us and gave us menus, she proceeded to tell us what she was out of. For the 7 or so egg dishes, they were out of all but 1.  And to clarify, we were there at noon, they opened at 11 and we were one of the only tables there. The server then flipped over the menu to continue to tell us what they were out of.  We should have left right there.  She asked if we wanted drinks and offered Bloody Mary's or Mimosas. Neither were on the menu but since I find it hard to pass up a Bloody Mary I ordered one, my bf ordered a draft beer. Since options were limited we decided to each order sandwiches (I chose the pulled pork, bf ordered the sausage). According to the menu, we were each entitled to a side with sandwiches during lunch hours 11am-5pm. No where did the menu (in the restaurant or online) did it stipulate that sandwiches only come with sides M-F. After we ordered our food, drinks came. My Bloody was weak, both in alcohol and flavor, and was teeny.  Bfs beer was fine.  When meals came they were served on cheap deli rolls. We were disappointed as soon as the food was placed in front of us.  Neither of us was satisfied in the least. The collards were blah, the mac & cheese was  nothing special. In short, the food was mediocre at best. The sides were served in 4 oz cups, $6 for collards and $4 for mac & cheese. The shock came when the bill arrived and my bf said "that was perhaps one of the most mediocre meals for $50." I immediately asked to see the bill since $50 seemed way too much.  Each sandwich was $10.50 and the beer, according tot he menu was $6. When I looked at the itemized bill, the teeny Bloody was $9! Now, I'm in now way new to Brooklyn brunches.  I will pay $10 for a good Bloody in a pint glass.  But this was absurd.  Then, as I gazed down, I saw the sides added in separately.  I asked a server who said sides are only included M-F.  Thought I wanted to argue, the bf more wisely said our best show of dissatisfaction will be to never, ever eat at Morgan's again.   With all of the amazing restaurants in Brooklyn, especially in Pros Heights and the Slope, and with BBQ spots being the new Fro-Yos popping up everywhere I'd encourage everyone to check out ANY of the other restaurants in the area.  Dinosaur BBQ is a favorite and I'm bummed we didn't just stick with what we know this morning.
