I've never left a Yelp review but felt compelled to do so after having lunch at Café La Maude yesterday.  I'm from New Jersey through and through and have never felt any sort of fraternity with the city of Philadelphia, but I'll be moving down for a job soon so I went to check out the Northern Liberties neighborhood with a friend.  We parked on N. 4th purely having seen that there was some eatery to satiate our hunger and perused the menu outside here and the wait at Honey's next-door.  Though I was slightly off-put by all the French on the menu, we stopped in because we felt the prices and non-existent wait could not be beat.  Great decision! I asked for the vegetarian baguette without ricotta (as an intending vegan and twelve year vegetarian) and was met with insistence from behind the counter that it be substituted with hummus or it wouldn't "be right." Agreed.  The sandwich was great.  My friend had one of the chicken baguettes, which was also reviewed as nothing less than stellar.  He may have even said it was "one of the best sandwiches (he's) ever eaten." We didn't have cash on hand (cash only, no cards) so the staff advised us that we could go to the ATM at Honey's while our food was being prepared, which I viewed as thoughtful seeing as how we could have just walked away or gone to Honey's for lunch instead.  The beverages were even authentic European, upon which one precocious six-year-old co-diner remarked (maybe she only just remarked on the size and shape of the bottles, but you have to admit she was observant).  There are certainly no 32 ounce fountain sodas in here. On our way out we ended up in a conversation with a couple whom I believe to be the proprietors.  We engaged in a conversation regarding the presumed expertise of my lunch partner and myself - immigration law - but also discussed my impending move to Philadelphia.  They were so forthcoming with tips and caveats on the neighborhood one of them actually got on the phone to call a friend regarding an open apartment.   The café itself is immaculate from the tables (indoor and outdoor seating) to the bathrooms downstairs.  The food was great and the staff was more than friendly, proving all the platitudes about the City of Brotherly Love.  I will definitely be back.
