I will be reviewing this on the basis of their ability to be a restaurant. I haven't had their take-out nor their snack bar so here we go... Alright so we made reservations on a Wednesday to show up the following Saturday for 4:30 pm. When we arrived, there were only two tables with customers and I kind of thought, "That's not a good sign..." So we attempted to check-in our reservation and they had no record of us making the reservation and had to prepare our table while we waited. Four of us sat down and two more of us came in later. While the four were there, the waiter asked us if we needed some time, we said "Yes", but when we were ready, the waiter took his time and we had to call him over three times before he finally took our drink order. Then, the other two members of the party arrived and it took just as long to get the drinks to them. Mind you, we had to leave by 6:30 pm for some prior engagements that we needed to attend on time. But we weren't worried yet. When we ordered the entrees, it took a long time to come out just to find that my shirk steak was basically rare-raw (I asked for medium-well) and my friend's shirk steak was charred and dry...(she asked for well-done but damn! lol). One of our other comrades ordered a chicken parm and it was huge! Enough to feed four people, so she only had about a quarter of it and threw the rest out. Another one of our friends had the salmon, and she had two large medallions of salmon, which was okay, but it was too much for her. Oh, and we wanted to wait until everyone got their meals before we started eating. It look them about 5 minutes longer to prepare the lemon chicken for one of our party members. So I had to ask them to take back my meal to cook it more, just to find out that it was still mostly pink (just rare now). I was unable to enjoy my meal, and neither was my friend with the burnt piece of meat. We even saw the waiter argue with the manager about my meal being undercooked, and it seemed that the waiter didn't want to deal with a large party like us because he took his time serving us. Also, he seemed to be cordial to all of his smaller parties while avoiding us. I say shame on the restaurant for being under-manned in service and not well allocated in resources- we saw the busboys run around like chickens with no heads...the restaurant was mostly empty! It took me to walk up to the manager to pay for the check after the waiter wouldn't take the check after another 15 minutes! And the manager didn't come off as very serviceable either; she just didn't look like she wanted to be there. On another note, the decor was very dated, like "Restaurant: Impossible" dated. The organization of the restaurant was questionable because the waiter there was the only waiter while there were several busboys. So overall, the food was not good and the service was very poor. I think out of the 6 people that showed up in our party, maybe 1 genuinely enjoyed their food. I would not recommend this place as a sit-down restaurant.
