When I hear KOBE, I dont think NBA or rapist... I picture a happy cow in a japanese oasis, constantly massaged, listening to Mozart, & sipping beer. Yes, they exist. Seriously! Rationale? The massage, Mozart, & beer (not to mention verdant farm) are very relaxing. No tight muscles in my kobe moo-cows! Kobe beef is tender, juicy, & has its own distinct taste. My humble palette says: juicy, melt in your mouth goodness, & very clean beef taste. Caveat: if you cook your beef into oblivion- it wont matter if its kobe or the moo next door- you wont taste what Im talking about. The bloodier, the better. However, for burgers- I stick with medium rare. Today, I ventured into the world of $15 Kobe burger. Thats usually a red flag. Especially at Brenner's because it's a meal! Comes with onion rings, lettuce, tomato, & cocoa dusted fries. Yep, cocoa powder dusted fries, just in case you missed it (more on this later) The meal was lovely of course! Free and specially delivered by a good friend and BOSS (thanks Alycia) savored in the privacy of my office-closed door of course! I removed the top bun-not because Im carb conscious but I just dont have mouth wide enough to bite the whole thing. This time though I wanted to slice a piece & check me some KOBE doneness (looking for that moist pink middle) & have a taste test bite. I found beef but no Kobe! I whispered "kobe?" maybe, I was too hungry & I forget to chew? One more time..."kobe? Are you there?" this time with a British accent ( just seem more dramatic) hhhhmmm still no KOBE. Fillers? Whatever! Its still well seasoned, yummy burger! It's beef that's all I can tell. This time I didnt care if the beef is from Lansdale! So I ate! Yummy! But no kobe. The onion rings were deliciously different. Oil and batter maybe? Now on to the CoCOa powder dusted fries. It was daunting. I almost saw RG step back from suspicion if she were not sitting checking the menu! : ) Just like a typical meat & potato guy (I dont know why but I always picture a giant white man, wearing Timberland work boots, dirty from work, pain splashes on clothes, with his cooler when I hear meat & potato guy- strong & authoritative maybe? I dont see idiot, maybe a hint of sexy? But definitely stinky) I want my fries plain & simple. No fuss. Ok, maybe I dont want mine with salt...but Im still meat & potato guy when it comes to my fries. To convince/push RG & AAK, I lamely said "cocoa powder is good for your heart, we should try it!" And we did. When I looked in the bag, I was expecting a donut looking creature. You know dusted...usually pastry right? But I found a regular looking fries with black pepper looking particles - I bit. Looking for that cocoa taste. None! Awesome! Guess what happened or I think what happened- the subtle bitterness of cocoa actually enhanced the saltiness of the fries! I loved it. Tossed the pickle. I dont like pickles. Good lunch. I will definitely be trying more from Brenners! ssshhh.... kobe? hey kobe, kobe, kobe.... Still no kobe. END
