Mais oui, je suis une fan de Balthazar!  Another draft review that has been sitting in the folder for quite sometime. French lessons start this week for me, so it seems appropriate to write about Balthazar Restaurant. I met up with my friend at Balthazar Restaurant in November 2004 for Sunday Brunch. It was my first venture into Soho, the real NYC. My friend had made reservations and to make a long story short, I was able to get us both in ASAP. I called her on her mobile and advised her to get to Balthazar ASAP so she could have her brunch avec moi and she could get back to studying for her NYU finals. I appreciated her taking time out of her very busy schedule. I was surprised by her choice of Balthazar and even more surprised that she picked up the tab. I had the Scrambled Eggs in Puff Pastry with Wild Mushrooms and Asparagus. Oh, I wish I remembered what my friend had for her entree. I do remember she insisted that  we each have the famous Balthazar french fries. I love the presentation of the french fries, wrapped in a paper cone in a cone stand. I enjoyed Balthazar Restaurant so much that I made two more visits on my own for lunch when I used to come to NYC to get my hair done at the Oscar Blandi Salon with either Frere Blandi. I was able to get in by opting to sit at the bar. A very nice server named Robert (or as I called him, Rou-bear) attended to me on both separate visits; he always remembered me. He would tell me about himself, his wife, and their two kids. I had the steak frites with Bearnaise sauce and French fries. Dessert was the creme brulee, okay, very typical. . .whatever.   I knew I was in NYC when I used the facilities as there are attendants in both the men and women's restrooms. Okay, only one attendant respectively. This was very old world, 1930s-1940s era to me even though I know it has always been that way. Thank goodness I had my purse with me to leave a dollar. They were always nice to me, no attitude even before the tip. (Kind of reminded me of NYC of the 1930-40s, like the Ginger and Fred movies of TOP HAT and SWINGTIME.) Nothing like this in NorCal or SoCal. Balthazar Restaurant is definitely on my "I Shall Return" list when I come back to NYC. It is a great place for getting together with the girlfriends. It is a great date place as well for a first date, a special occasion, or no reason at all other than just because. I want to come back here so I can try other entrees and desserts on the menu. And I can order in both Francais and American English. :-)))) Fresh Review #11 of 100 Yelps! for 2013.
