Good experience, not fantastic, but that's probably because I went in expecting a lot, so it was a little underwhelming. The space was very cute and it has a nice classy industrial feel to it.  I wish we requested to sit in the banquettes section, but when we arrived at the restaurant at 7:15 on a Thursday night, that entire area was empty. Surprisingly, there were only a few other tables at the time, but towards the end of our dinner, the place was maybe 2/3 full. We started off with the ginger cosmo and the bitter grapefruit. Ginger cosmo rocks. Light, refreshing and yummy! I was not really a fan of the bitter grapefruit -- but then again, I love fruity, light drinks. It also smelled funny, which I hadn't noticed until my bf pointed it out and then I couldn't help but noticing every time I sipped from it. Why gee, thanks hun. We were staaarving from this time though and so we were so delighted to see a server come around with the bread basket! But, like so many other high-end restaurants, they bring a whole platter of bread around and ask you to pick one. I'm a carb-aholic, so I hate it when restaurants do this. But Okay, fine. You better come around again later to see if I want more though. They took away our bread plates as soon as the appetizers came though (we had long finished our slices) and my eyes sadly trailed the server who walked away with our bread plates. nooooooooooooo. We had the kangaroo and anchovies appetizers to start. Kangaroo was cooked perfectly! I've never had kangaroo before but somehow I expected it to be more gamey... I think in general, Public does a great job at subduing the gamey taste of many of their more exotic meats (like the venison). The anchovies were alright... I think the quinoa croquettes helped balanced out the flavor of the anchovies, but I expected more flavor. For entrees, we had the lamb loin and the venison. Both were cooked to a nice medium-rare, but in general, I thought both of the dishes were kinda dry (meat wasn't, but the dish overall was). I like my meats in something I can drag around and soak up the juices in, dammit! Out of the two, the venison was definitely the winner though -- the pea puree and the potato hash put together with the venison were yuuuuuummy!! We opted out of the dessert... nothing seemed particularly appealing and we were rather full. Oh, and don't forget to check out the bathroom. Smells wooonderful (I'd rather eat the bathroom than the anchovies?). I, being mildly tipsy at the time, couldn't figure out how to lock the door because I didn't shut the door hard enough, and I had to peek my head out and ask a server how to lock the door. "Turn the deadbolt?" Yea, embarrassing.
