We wanted the Philly experience so we checked with Yelp and other sites to see what the locals thought was the best.  They said it was Johns Roast Pork so that's where we went. Johns is listed as #1 for Cheese steak in Philly even though their signature sandwich is a pork sandwich. All I can say about that is read my review on them and walk the other way. DO NOT BELIEVE IT. OH MY GOD IT WAS HORRIBLE. DO NOT GO THERE. GOD, WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY! GROSSNESS. Anyway, we headed across town and since Genos and Pat Kings are literally 50 feet from each other we ordered a sandwich from each. IMPORTANT: CASH ONLY! At Pat Kings we ordered a steak, onion and sharp provolone sandwich. The service was Soup Nazi casual. We wanted fries, but were so intimidated by the guy that opened the window a whole 2 inches wide that we forgot to order them. The place is a little dull with fading pictures of celebrities that had been there over the years. It made us sad to see these iconic photos fading away. From Genos we ordered a steak, onion and "whiz". Their place is bright, shiny and flashy with lots of neon.  They also have pictures of famous visitors that are well taken care of and they have an impressive display of police patches from all over and a tribute to a local fallen police officer. Their service, while a little cold, was at least amusing. We heard someone ask if they had mustard and someone yelled "For What?!!!" I guess they don't think their sandwich needs condiments. They have the "When ordering speak English" signs and the freedom fries on the menu. Call it what you want, but we are in America, people, and if you speak another language its hard to get your order right, right? At Genos, it was a little inconvenient to order and pay for our sandwich at one window and then move two windows down to order and pay for our fries at another window. I dont know if the same applies for drinks. First, the fries from Genos were excellent; we loved them. The provolone sandwich from Pat Kings was a little bland and not too exciting. The "whiz" sandwich from Genos was better. My husband is, but I am not a "whiz" kind of person. I did find  the "whiz" at least brought out the flavor of the meat and was a better, less dull experience. The meat from both places was about the same.  I wish it were more of a grilled meat with some crusty edges instead of a kind of water saturated been sitting in a warmer, waiting for the crowds flavor. The bread used from both restaurants was excellent. It stands up to the juice and maintains its form. The onions......the onions on both sandwiches left a little to be desired. They both seemed to be lightly sautéed chopped onions. If they had been grilled rings of onion and were just slightly caramelized they would have added so much flavor.  I get it about the tried and true recipes handed down from generations before, but come on, if its better, its better. Be a little more open-minded to improvement. Our opinion: Me: Meh, the cheese steak sandwich at Tubby's in Charlottesville, VA is so much better than anything we had in Philly, but if I had to choose, it's Genos steak, onion and whiz. Dave: Johns- waterlogged in the seediest part of South Philly, we gave one of our sandwiches to a homeless guy downtown.  Pat's sandwich was good, but Geno's was a lot better with the whiz.
