My mother ordered fifteen pounds of cookies which when they arrive were crushed and they were for an anniversary party; I spoke with Paolo and Gina Mozzicato early this morning and I would like to share this nightmarish and traumatizing experience in the hopes this does not happen to any other customers: I had called two months ago and spoke with this younger girl (I thought I had wrote her name down but go figure, of course I can no longer find it) who had confirmed on three separate occasions (as little as one week ago) that I would need to speak with Paolo the day before and he will absolutely have the cookies ready since I thought I would need to notify them months ago to pick it up. I called today so I could pick them up tomorrow since I am going home for Christmas and was going to go out of my way to pick them up for my mom (it's just the good daughter-thing to do). When I called the first time today, I waited patiently for about ten minutes for Paolo to come to the phone, and when he answered, he denied ever knowing about this situation even though my mother called on July 20th to complain (the day the cookies came in the mail).  He asked when this occurred and unfortunately I assumed this was a known situation and I would just have to put the order through, but he needed the information so I called my parents , and finally was able to tell him the exact dates they ordered the cookies. Apparently and conveniently for them , there's no record of this transaction but he said he would look it up and call me back. A few hours later, Gina Mozzicato called me and it just got ridiculous from there. She was extremely rude and unsympathetic and honestly was insinuating my mother was lying and trying rip them off. I was appalled; not only was I told by an employee that the cookies would be replaced (I even made sure to say whose name it was under), but my mother as well received several verbal confirmations even the big guy himself, Paolo, and two other female employees. Gina, in a condescending and smug tone (I actually recorded the phone call because I had to prove to my friends how rude she was) lectured me about how my mother should have called UPS and we needed to file a complaint with them, all which was never disclosed to my mother at any time or by any employee of the bakery. She explained that the only way she could take it into any thought (mind you,  she pretty much said since my mother never told UPS and filed a claim, they weren't replacing the cookies) if I forwarded her the original email from this past JULY. Allegedly, they have no record of any pictures, but my mother today, instead of enjoying her Saturday with my father, is arguing with him trying desperately to find the email and blaming each other for erasing it. This company committed fraud in every sense of the word. Not only did they take my mother's money and did not give her the product she paid for, but  even more twisted and cynical, promised they would replace the cookies, so now my mother can no longer file a complaint against UPS, and now right before Christmas, they rescinded on their verbal agreement. Fraudulent company that treat you so rude that it seems like they do not need our business, so I suggest we do not give it to them........
