I just happened to look for a restaurant to go to prior to the entertainment of the Robin Hood Foundation's benefit last week, and came across Scarpetta, and their 3 year anniversary menu.  At first, I thought I wouldn't get a reservation, since the original 5:30 seating I saw was gone within 3 minutes, but after refreshing the page several times, it came back up, and of course I had to take it, since there wasn't an opening again until the end of the week. It was a little difficult to find, mainly because we were walking on the opposite side of the street, and the sign saying "Scarpetta" can really only be seen on the same side.  However, they did have large numbers for the street address, which made it easier to find from the opposite side, after I had to look up the address.  We came in and sat at the bar, and glanced at their drink menu.  I wasn't really feeling a drink, but my bf got a captain and ginger, and I just got a soda, which ended up being about $18. We were seated in one of the booth/chair set ups.  I didn't think the booth would be as comfortable as it was, since it appeared to be at a 90 degree angle, but it wasn't too bad.  The decor was really nice and home-y; very comfortable to sit in.  The best part was the sunroofs that were open, allowing fresh air and sunshine in. We chose from the 3 year anniversary menu, because we were able to try many items all at once.  I had the creamy polenta, spaghetti, duck breast, and chocolate cake.  He had the yellowtail, short rib and bone marrow agnolotti, black cod, and mango and white chocolate napoleon.  Everything was absolutely amazing.   The creamy polenta was served separately from the mushrooms, which was nice because I was able to add as I ate, rather than mix all at once.  The spaghetti was to die for...simple, but very tasty.  The duck was cooked perfectly, and the chocolate cake was very rich too.  I had a cup of coffee, which helped wash it down. The yellowtail was very nice, the salt on top gave a nice texture and taste contrast.  The agnolotti was very smooth and rich in flavor.  The black cod was great; crispy skin with a moist, tender texture to the fish.  I saved the best for last.  I think the napoleon was impeccable.  The mango mousse was full of mango flavor, and they provided thin sheets of white chocolate, which balanced with the mango. I appreciated the fact that despite being a prix fixe menu, they did not mess up the quality of the food that came out.  Everything was excellent. It was pretty quiet, even when the dining room was 3/4 full, which was nice, so we didn't have to yell across the table.  It was also cool to see Bob Tuschman, from the Food Network, also in the restaurant.  To me, it said that this restaurant is good, if he enjoys going there too. All in all, we will definitely be back.  I cannot wait for the spaghetti and napoleon again!
