This is what I think - if you didn't rate them 5 stars, you either visited them at a real bad time, pissed some of the staff off, lost your appetite after waiting 50 minutes, or I don't know...you were having a piss-poor day. These guys ROCK.  Lamb platter, chicken platter, combination platter, they are all equally awesome and indescribably satisfying considering you just spent $6.  Falafels - I don't dig their falafels.  These cart boys are not known for falafels.  If you went there for falafels, you're probably dining at many other restaurants and ordering the wrong stuff.  They probably offer falafels on the menu for the girlfriends who were dragged there by their boyfriends and never dreamed of eating what initially may appear to be very insanitary and borderline in violation of all health department codes.   Yes, their hot sauce can be too hot.  At times, it gets so darn hot that my eardrums and head actually start to feel funny.  But that's ok.  It's all part of the 53rd & 6th experience. The meat/rice platters are so good that some of my ibanker friends that work in the area eat late night snacks here 3 times a week.  Of course, they all make $500,000 a year and can afford to walk down a block to Del Frisco's and eat their porterhouse three meals a day...but they don't.  They rely on the cart to satiate their hunger. Now, health related concerns.  I'm sure the place can modify a few things here and there to improve the perception by those that haven't had their platters.  However, I don't think it's all too bad.  I personally feel fine eating here than going to Taco Bell that's had rodent issues for the past 4 years.  One thing though....I hope the cashier guy doesn't handle the food though.  It does make me lose my appetite for the 30 seconds during the interaction.  Of course, my appetite runs full-steam as soon as he hands over the food.   Anyone visiting NYC really should try the place out.  It's cheap, not too slow if you visit during non-peak hours, and most importantly, the food is addictively delicious.
