My boyfriend and I watch several foot network shows and wanted to eat at a  restaurant of one of the chefs we were familiar with.  After doing a bit of research we chose Marc Forgione's for our last night's meal of a weekend in NYC.   We both decided to do the tasting menu so we could try as many different things as possible. I ordered a glass of Merlot and he had a beer.  In retrospect, I wish we had opted for one wine pairing to share.   We started off with potato rolls and butter. I'm not much for bread and thought it was OK but nothing special though the butter was flavorful.  Quite a few of the items are served on slate boards, including the buns.  Next up was a serving of three amuse-bouches and a shot glass of ginger carrot juice.  I can only remember one of the items, a play on a chicken nugget.  The ginger carrot was refreshing. The tasting menu included Kampachi tartare, BBQ baked oysters (with a shot of beer), Foie Gras, chili lobster, Merguez tortellini, Halibut and aged strip steak.  One of later items was served with a bit of white wine which had a sparkling wine flavor but it was flat.  The waitress said what it was but she had trouble pronouncing the long (French I think) name so I have no idea what it was. The food was all good.  For me the standouts were the Kampachi tartare and the "Proposal" sauce served with the halibut.  I scraped that bowl as well as I could. My boyfriend favored the oysters and chili lobster.  The servings are so tiny that I was concerned it wouldn't fill me up it ended up being enough. Dessert was a baked banana (in the peel) with caramel sauce, mini brownie and some other chocolate things.  Quite delicious.  We ended our meal with decent espresso.  After that they brought two bite size thumbprint cookies and some of Mr Forgione's granola.  We left the granola as it's not something we eat and I left my cookie because I don't care for shortbread style cookies. The service was impeccable albeit a bit pretentious.  The waiter actually asked me if I was "memorializing the occasion" when he saw me taking a photo of the food.  Seriously?  Sometimes the service seemed a bit over the top but we are casual people and don't like a lot of fuss. While I enjoyed the meal and experience it's unlikely we would return here again as we would rather try another restaurant the next time we end up in New York.
