First things first, I can't be the only one to think that the shape of these Buns on the burgers remind me of Krabby Patties from Spongebob... I understand why everyone hypes about this place now... for it to be packed like crazy on a Monday night! I found it to be a bit expensive for such a small burger. Granted it was adorned with truffles and fresh beef, but the burger was kinda small. If you didn't order an appetizer with your meal, you would have left this place hungry for sure. For my drink I ordered Boylan's Cream Soda. I've read up that Boylan makes their drinks with natural cane sugar, which is why the last sip I tasted was just as good as the first. I think I made an amazing choice choosing cream soda over everything else. For an appetizer I ordered the fried pickles and got to try my friend's truffled fries. I wouldn't order the fried pickles again. They tasted way too much like a cucumber deep-fried. I didn't taste much of the sourness I usually like in pickles. The jalapeño sauce that came with it was really tasty though! I loved the truffled fries. The 4 sauces that came with fries complimented the fries extremely well. The sauces came presented in little soup spoons. (cute!) Now lastly, the burger. It's supposedly truffle season so naturally I'd have to go for a truffle burger right? I ordered the burger off their special truffle menu. My burger had a fried egg on top of the burger with truffle seasoning an some arugula. This burger was ON POINT, cooked medium. It was juicy and tender and the flavors were just there. I normally want to add sauces onto my burger but I didn't have to with this one. If I ever come back to Umami during truffle season (which i most likely would for their cream soda hands down) I'm definitely going to try the other truffle burger with the portobello mushroom and onions. So in all, I enjoyed this place, but I thought it was a bit too expensive for such a small burger. For special occasions you'll definitely see me here but I still have a lot of other burger places to venture out to. Umami, you were a great experience and now I understand why everyone hypes you up like crazy.
