I had been dying to go to Osteria for months so when my brother's and my birthdays rolled around in February, it was chosen as our spot to celebrate. Now I know that it is now August, and while some of you may think my memory may be failing me, a few key things stuck out that made me want to write this review even months after. There were only 5 of us at dinner and we had a reservation so we were ushered right to our table. On the most random note I will include in this review, I found the floor of the main dining room to be extremely slippery. I was wearing heels, but no other place in the city that night (or any other night for that matter) seemed to give me such a problem. Maybe I am just being crazy. My dad, little brother, and I were seated and waited for my mother and brother #2. While waiting we ordered drinks and looked over the menu. I ordered the lemonade (the adult version which I cannot remember the name of) and my father a glass of wine. The rest of our party showed up quickly and we began to order. Our waitress had no real recommendations to make, but my brothers and i wanted to try to octopus. We knew it was a small plate, but never did we expect it to be that small. And there were 5 of us at the table, the least the waitress could have done was suggest we might want two. We gladly would have ordered two at once. When serving our appetizers our waitress carried out one of my BIGGEST restaurant pet peeves. I had not completely finished my lemonade, and at the price it was I was savoring it. While placing down our plates, she must have picked up my drink WITHOUT ASKING IF I WAS DONE AND WITHOUT THE GLASS BEING EMPTY. When I went for it I was beyond annoyed and angry. It was hardly long enough into the meal for me to have finished a whole drink in the first place, and all she had to do as ask and I would have been fine telling her I was going to hang onto it for a while longer. I would have even ordered another, but was so annoyed I switched to drinking the bottle of wine my parents ordered. Another thing I noticed within the first 15 minutes of being there was a man, who I am assuming was the floor manager (correct me if wrong) kept almost 'spying' on our table. It was a Friday night, so yes it was busy. But we had literally just sat down, if you were waiting for a table to open, it obviously wasn't going to be us. We were sitting near the back of the back room, so it was very obvious every time he came by. And he came by every ten minutes. For the next two hours. I have never felt more unwelcome, or more like they wanted to get us out of there as fast as possible anywhere else. Ever. And we were having a large meal, so its not like we were not ordering and just sitting there. Aside from the service and hawk watching over our table, the food was ok. I ordered one of the pizzas and it was fantastic. Brother #1 and Brother #2 both ordered the ravioli, which was just ok, but incredibly small portions. It was listed as an entree so they were a little upset it was so small. I gladly shared my pizza with them and everyone was then happy. My parents both had one of the specials and while they were good, they were way over priced for what they were. I'm sorry I cannot remember all the details, but I think it shows that the only things I can really remember were the bad things about this meal. Not only would we have gladly ordered more food, had our waitress been around more often, but we were so annoyed by the man constantly hoovering by our table watching us eat that we just wanted to get out of there. Osteria was a huge letdown and I don't think I will be going back anytime soon.
