I came a long way from Virginia Beach, VA to enjoy a weekend out in about around NYC. We don't have many Thai restaurants in VB, so my friend decided to take me to Pok Pok. After hearing about how great the fish sauce wings I wanted to try more of their menu. We arrive around 5:30 pm and the hostess said it would be a 40 minute wait. No problem, so we put our names down and head across the street to get a couple drinks and try the wings at their sister bar, The Whiskey Soda Lounge. After 30 minutes, I go over to check and the hostess said our table will be ready in about 10 minutes. So we close out our tab at the Whiskey Soda Lounge and head over. We sit down and receive menus and water. Our Server, MATT G., again his name is MATT G., never introduced himself and gave such a bad attitude, it made me hesitant to try the place. I gave him the benefit of the doubt because my friend and I also waited tables while attending college and just thought maybe he was busy, and will come around. I ordered the Khanom Jiin Sao Naam, and the menu is misleading because I was under the impression it would be hot noodles. I took two bites and immediately regretted my decision. My friend got the  Muu Paa Kham Waan, I tried that and it was delicious. Now as a prior server, I understand to make the customer feel like they have an enjoyable dining experience. I would expect sympathy from a fellow server, but alas I was surprised to MATT G.'s reaction. I asked MATT G. if there was any way I could exchange the dish I had with another entree, while telling him it's not what I expected.  Instead of apologizing and asking what he could do to make the experience more enjoyable, his first question was "Well, What did you expect?" Taken aback, I answered honestly, and said I thought the dish would be hot, it didn't say in your menu that these noodles would be cold. After adjusting his tampon like he just started his period, Without saying anything else, he takes the dish away from the table, puts a menu down in front of me. I tell him I'll just have the same dish my friend is having. He rolls his eyes and takes the menu back up. At that point I lost my entire appetite and just wanted the check and the meal to go. Another server brings my new entree out, and I immediately ask for the box and the check. The other server brings me back a box and I quickly empty it into the container. We sit there for another 15 minutes with both our plates empty and MATT G. still hasn't come by with the check. He finally comes and clears off the table, still with the worst attitude like he heard he just got Syphilis. After we pay the check, I still say thank you, and he doesn't say a word to me. He doesn't say anything to my friend either. I give the food that I did try - the fish sauce wings and the Muu Paa Kham Waan (boar collar meat) 5 stars. I want to give MATT G. just the single server out of the entire restaurant 0 Stars for service. Hey MATT G., if you want to serve tables, treat your customers as you want to be treated. Not like they are a nuisance or a hassle. Because although the food was delicious (besides the cold noodles) no one wants to be treated like shit when they go out and pay money for a dining experience.
