We were really excited for Pok Pok and were happy to see there was no wait on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. Unfortunately, we left extremely disappointed and still hungry. I will say I loved the notes on the menu, and everything sounded absolutely wonderful in the descriptions. The atmosphere was lovely and comfortable as well. We ordered 2 dishes and 2 sides of rice, one jasmine and one sticky. The first dish, Yam Makheua Yao ($15), was a mix of smoky eggplant salad with pork and prawns (among other ingredients of course). I am always open minded and make an effort to appreciate flavor before writing something off, but this honestly tasted like a stale ashtray. Everything was dry aside from a slight garlicky-limeyness on the shrimp. We tried to enjoy it, but we left about $10 worth of this dish on the plate. Next we had the Muu Paa Kham Waan ($16), the boar collar. Our sever warned us about the spice which was nice, and it was definitely spicy but tolerable with rice and some Thai tea to wash it down. This dish was much better than the first; we wrapped the meat up in the greens with some sticky rice inside. The portion was very small, and we quickly finished it and began mopping up what was left of the sauce with sticky rice. The rice portion was also minuscule, so we quickly ran out of that as well. I can understand small portions when food is delicious and each bite can be savored, but unfortunately this was not the case. Our server was friendly enough although not overly helpful. She either didn't notice we left the first dish mostly untouched or just didn't ask if there was an issue since we didn't mention it. The best part was the Thai tea with evaporated milk, but you don't need to go to Pok Pok to get that. The rice flavored water was a nice surprise as well. In the end, we wished we would have just gone to Shmorgasberg a couple blocks away, to get something with a lot more flavor for a fraction of the price. I would only go back to Pok Pok with a diehard fan who could show me the best of the menu, but only if everyone promised not to order the cigarette smoke eggplant.
