Well....Were do I begin?  I'm a firm believer of getting the good news first so let me just say that the food was delicious, my companion and myself ordered the beet salad(nothing special but nice none the less), the chicken and the muscles, both the chicken and the muscle were delicious, I give the food alone a score of 3.5/5 potatoes. However, I am still in a state of shock over the service from one, blonde waitress.  After being seated by someone who seemed to be a manager working as a bus boy/waiter/manager we were quickly accused of seating ourselves from the tall, thin, blonde women who seemed to be running (trying to) the floor.  After we quickly explained that we had indeed been sat by her work colleague we were told that the table was reserved (no reserve sign) and that she would have to move us.  No drama, moving from one table to the next before you have ordered is not a problem at all.  We then were placed in the smallest corner of the restaurant where my partner could barely squeeze into her chair and my own chair was pressed against the table of 8 behind us, making me have to stand up and sit down each time they needed to go to and from the bathroom.   Old Blondie then forgot that she had seated us and went on to her routine of hiding in the back of house completely neglecting the 18 table floor in the middle of dinner service.  Finally after signalling for her service she came over for our orders, admitting that she had forgotten about us.  The orders were taken and after 25 minutes a beat salad came out, as I mentioned the salad was tasty, nothing special but neither is a beat salad so I can't complain, I give it 3.5 out of 5 potatoes.  As she cleared our plates Blondie decided that instead of taking our dirty cutlery she would place the knifes and forks we just used of which had been sitting in beat juice back on our table with no napkin, so that our cutlery we were meant to eat out mains with was covered in red beetroot juice, olive oil and the Windex they sprayed our table with before we sat(rule no. 1 if a customer leaves their cutlery on their plate covered in left overs and dirty napkins, they most likely want a new set, rule no. 2 don't place dirty cutlery on a table without a napkin) anyhow, 30 mins after our entre, our mains finally arrived, we asked Blondie for a new set of cutlery, she acknowledged us, then while we waited with our food getting cold, she decided to reset a table, then check outside, then go back into the kitchen, before we realised she had completely forgot.  Thankfully, her work colleague (an older European man, very lovely guy and apologetic) saw us and quickly gave us a new set so we could eat the food she had brought out 5 mins ago.  The muscles were delicious (4/5 potatoes) as was the chicken (3.5/5 potatoes).  Again, it took her some time to clear our plates then we had to finally ask her for the bill as she forgot us for the umteenth time of the night.  The bill came to $50, so not too bad at all, however, I didn't want to tip her.  Let me just say coming from someone who used to work in hospitality I know how hard it is to work on a busy floor, I have run restaurants and bars in the past, however, I am also a firm believer that if you don't provide the service tht is expected, you don't deserve the tip.  I left $57 for the $50 bill, this is 14% for those of you who want to know, 4% short of what is expected in New York, not much to complain about considering.  Anyhow, we left and as we began walking across the street she shouted at us in front of the full restaurant "Excuse me!" then ran toward us.  It basically looked as if we had walked out on our bill, fricken embarrassing to say the least.  We looked at her confused knowing we had paid, before she shouted "Was something wrong".  I was speechless that this would happen, not once has someone ran after me, especially after a 4% deviation in suggested tip.  I didn't know what to say, luckily my partner came back with a list of issues we had explaining exactly why we under tipped, to which she replied that she wasn't sure because some people don't know that its meant to be 18% and that we "should have told her". Um...  we were trying to! When you forgot about us 6 times!  And then expected us to eat with our hands!  Mind you this all took place across the road of the restaurant, with her being the only waiter on, leaving the floor completely empty beside for her colleague who was busy clearing plates.   So, do I believe this establishment has good food?  Yes, yes, I do, the food was great, not orgasmic great, but, very, very good.  However, the service was atrocious.  Blondie, if you were working in my restaurant you would have lost your job an hour into your shift, if you work in an establishment where you expect good tips, the customer expects good service.
