Fogo de Chao- A restaurant thats been on my list of "places to eat at" for quite sometime. A few weeks ago the opportunity arose to eat here when my friend had his surprise 30th birthday here. After all the anticipation, I finally ate here, and well....meh. This place is beautiful and has a unique way of dining, but scratch below the surface and there isn't much here. A novice diner will surely be impressed with the fancy salad bar and the endless flow of meat. But a more experienced diner will see its all show and little substance. When you are seated you are asked to FIRST go to the salad bar, then have your meat. Yes, you have the OPTION to go to the salad bar, but lets be honest here. You'll definitely go to the salad bar first, even if only because its intrigues you. Once there you'll FILL UP on some salad, cheeses, prosciutto, quinoa salad (very filling), and other goodies they have there. Once you get back to the table with your plate FULL of salad, you'll find some fried roll/bread/dumpling things at the table. Are they good, yup. Will they fill you, yup!! Now after all that you decide to flip your card over to green and have the meat fly at you. Chicken, sausage, pork, prime rib, and if you are lucky enough you may have the filet come your way. I tried my best to try some of every thing, and I have to say....it all tastes EXACTLY THE SAME! Now don't get my wrong, it didn't taste bad, just didn't have much flavor. And the flavor it did have all tasted the same. Some different rubs, or maybe some sauces might have jazzed things up a little bit.  A few sides made there way to the table eventually too. Some fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and some polenta. Hmm....bananas? Potatoes? Polenta (basically corn meal)? These aren't filling? Are they? Look folks, some of you will eat here and absolutely love it! I don't knock the people that like it, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. But for the money, I'd much rather sit down, have a nice 4 course meal full of different choices and different flavors. At the end of the day Fogo de Chao feels like a glorified all you can eat buffet.
