FIRST OFF, PITRUCO PIZZA TRUCK = TRUTH. i've had the distinct pleasure of trying each pizza on the menu. and i can say without any hesitation that every single one is a slam run home dunk. i'm not going to bore you to death with my attempt at being a fancy food critic though. you're reading this because you want to know if you should go or not. so go already. maybe start winning at life for a change (or, if you're one who is already prone to winning at life, simply add this truck to your ever-growing repertoire of rad places to eat in this fine city). i could go on and on about how  the existence of a bright read truck that serves high-end, gourmet wood-fired pizza from a fucking truck at a really affordable price is blatant proof that philly is smack dab in the middle of a wondrous pizza renaissance, but i'll spare you. i could rave about how INSANE it is that pitruco's margarita pie with buffalo mozz is only EIGHT dollars (which, as mentioned previously, is in fact insane, because you're going to pay about 4 - 6 dollars less than what a sit-down restaurant would charge. ol' stevesy starr and every other wood-fired pizza joint in this town could learn a thing or two from pitruco if they weren't busy building theme parks for rich people). i could go into great detail about how raddiculous their raddichio pie with balsamic reduction is, or how their salame pie is slammin'. but i won't. hell, i could write a paragraph or three about how pitruco's eggplant pie with fresh ricotta is a total gamechanger. but i'm not in the mood. if i was up to it, i could talk in depth about how their cheapest item - the spicy garlic pie for $6.50 (pecorino added for no extra charge) is perhaps their best, and how i can't think of a better value from a foodtruck anywhere else in the city - and for under 7 bucks no less. but i'm not up to it. i'm not going to talk about any of those things. whatever happens to strike your fancy on the menu, you'll be pleased to know you're spending at least 5 - 10 dollars LESS than you would at some fancy sit-down place, with equal-to if not BETTER results (on account of all the humans inside the truck being really awesome people and super fun to talk to). which brings me to my main point of this short little review: every person involved in this truck seems to be fantastic humans. through and through. so much so that they even let me and my buddies hang out inside their truck while they closed down the for the night. we talked pizza. we talked life. we had one somebody watching from afar might call 'building a community'. they get it. hopefully you will, too. the pizza gods will be pleased.
