I don't often seek out Greek, simply because I have so many Greek friends who only like to eat Greek it seems, and their momma's are always such exquisite cooks.  But this place is so darn delicious, I will travel to Queens any day to eat their food.  I liked it so much that the next time I have people coming to visit me, I will no doubt take them to Kyclades. What I love about this place is that they have a large seafood menu; in my experiences with greek restaurants it is always very meat heavy - obviously they always have the kalamari, but this joint have FISH, nice big juicy steaks/filets of fish.  In all honesty I would give this place 4.5 stars, but since you cannot give .5 points on Yelp and I'm an optimist I rounded up and gave them 5.  The one thing that I felt could of improved was the Kalamari appy which was flavourless - not salt, and the tomato sauce they give you to dip the kalamari in was extremely bland, also the tzatziki was lacking in flavour - could of been an off batch, but it should of been better.  Anyways don't let that set you off because their mains were delectable!!  I had the sword fish, which for $25 it was the biggest piece of fish I've ever been served in a restaurant; it was done up simply but with fish I find the simpler the better - grilled with olive oil, salt n pep, it was juicy and perfectly cooked.  The ladies I was with had the chicken skewers which were abundant and great and the lamb chops which were divine!  The choices of sides are great and plentiful.   The service is efficient and friendly and the ambiance is what you'd expect from the Greeks; loud and cozy. The value is superb; we had Kalamari, saganaki and greek salad for appies which were huge portions, then swordfish which came with rice, lemon potatoes (could be more lemony but still delicious), lamb chops with a side of garlic beets, and the massive chicken skewers with a side of potatoes, and to drink a beer and glass of wine... all of this for $113.  I also want to mention the COMPLIMENTARY olive bread which is to die for and desert which was a custard wrapped in phyllo covered in honey syrup and cinnamon that was so good I ate mine as if I hadn't just packed up half my sword fish because I was too full.   Just exquisite! OPA!!
