There's really only 1 word for Extra Virgin...YAHTZEE! My GF and I decided to take a little adventure to the West Village from a far far land (Upper East Side) and we stopped to look at a few menus but nothing really tickled our fancy. I decided to go to the well (yelp) and see what restaurants got great reviews in the area. I wanted Fish so I typed in the proper terms in the search parameters and Extra Virgin popped up. We took a stroll over there and I immediately liked the aura of the joint. Dark, almost French Quarter New Orleans like, with outdoor seating. The waitress we had was very nice and patient as we had at least 5 questions about the menu and what the best dishes were etc. We ordered the Pistachio Crusted Goat Cheese Salad to start (after convincing my GF that we should try it) and it truly was refreshing, filling and insanely tasty at the same time! The pistachio crusted fried goat cheese on the bottom of the fresh greens and citrus dressing was a perfect blend of everything I look for in a starter salad. For entrees, I ordered the lemon crusted chilean seabass and my girlfriend ordered the mushroom crusted virgin chicken. When the manager passed, we asked him what his favorite dishes were and he ranked them in order, mine and then my GF's...the anxiety to receive the dishes to indulge in was piling up by the second. When they arrived, they looked beautiful (enough to post a picture of them on instagram) and we each had our first bites of our respective dishes. My seabass was cooked perfectly, the fennel potato puree melted in my mouth and the salsa verde scattered on the plate was a perfect compliment of flavor to everything on the plate. After getting the chills from my first bite (it was also a bit cold outside) I turned to look at my GF and I'm almost positive she was mid-climax as I interrupted her to ask how it was. She said it was the best chicken dish she's ever tasted and when I tasted it (while her eyes were closed making odd noises) I immediately understood her feelings...it was absolutely fantastic - cooked perfectly, insanely tasty and crunch factor was ideal. We were both so satisfied with our meal that we completely skipped dessert (will probably order next time) and when we got home we immediately fell into a food coma. With all of that being said, I highly recommend anyone in the area (or not in the area) to go check out Extra Virgin...and I dare you to try not to say YAHTZEE! upon your first bite.
