This cafe is a touch overrated but a place I'd frequent often if I lived in the neighborhood. In fact, i sort of lived in the neighborhood- for a week- and I did come here twice because it's good, affordable food with an interesting menu and a delicious atmosphere. For me, the superlative cuteness of the joint is its best asset. See the pix I submitted-- From the chalkboard outside under the scalloped awning to the bright cupcake decorating the wall behind the espresso machines, you couldn't ask for a sweeter looking spot to rest your feet and sip a cappuccino. Even better, theirs is an excellent cappuccino, the best I had on this trip to NYC. On my first trip I followed my own proclivities and had mozzarella, tomato, and pesto panino. It was tough, I wanted to try them all, but a good caprese is my soul food and I can't seem to find truly wonderful fresh mozzarella in LA. Also it's hard to order a proscuitto when you're facing a wall with a huge diagram of a pig dissected into cuts of meat. So the panino was good- hot and tasty with mozz much more decent than I get in LA. Not a life-changing sandwich that you may expect from the many 5 star reviews, then again its a bit sad if you need a sandwich to change your life, no? I followed with the brownie, since my server concurred with the reviews on that point. It was extremely rich and dense- a bit too rich and chocolately for my tastes. Brownie-wise, I think I like the boxed mix-and-pour best with no nuts added. I couldn't even finish it, something that literally never happens with me and desserts. On my second visit I ordered what I felt I "ought to"-- the prosciutto/blue cheese/fig panino that everyone loves so much. That was me branching out, since blue cheeses are my least favorite and I am not a big fan of cured meats, even in Italy. So you may not be surprised to hear that I did not care much for the panino. Too much sweet-and-sour going on for me. I had a mini epiphany-- I don't care for blue cheese.  And that is _okay_.  I don't have to eat it from now on. So there. That day I had another stellar cappuccino. I followed with the cookies and cream cupcake. It was huge in size and also disappointment. It just tasted like a generic pile of calories without the moist sumptuousness to warrant eating it. But it bears repeating I'd be a regular here if I lived nearby. I'd have 2 cappucinni instead getting dessert.
