I'm struggling between giving it 3 or 3.5 stars. Last night was my first experience dining here. It was my birthday and my sister recommended it having eaten here a few times before. A few things to note--the atmosphere is lovely but I can imagine it to get pretty crowded on desirable nights of the week. The only credit card they accept is AMEX or cash--so keep that in mind. Our waitress was friendly and accommodating in answering our questions regarding the menu. A few minutes later, a basket of chips and a trio of sauces were brought to the table. I'm a firm believer if the chips and salsa are good, it might be an indication that the food on the menu would follow suit. At Jolie, their chips were very disappointing. I don't know if they were stale or just too thick but they were not edible. At most Mexican restaurants, I can usually eat the entire basket and last night, I just had 4 chips. The trio of salsas were okay. For appetizer, we ordered the Escargot. Hmmmm..where do I start with this one? It was served in a kettle with a side of bread. The escargot were overcooked and rubbery. Our fault for continuing to eat it and not send it back but we informed the waitress nonetheless. The escargot was supposed to be prepared with star anise, cumin, lime,rosemary and browned basil panko but I couldn't taste all those flavors. To me, it was sitting in a lot of oil with garlic and a green herb--whether it was rosemary or basil, I couldn't figure it out. For main, I ordered the Fisherman's trio which was scallop, seared octopus and shrimp on pureed artichoke and fennel. It was good but the portion was shamefully small---more akin to an appetizer portion. I could count the pieces of seafood--6 in total. It was very good and tasty although I believe the octopus and scallop was slightly undercooked as I was unable to even cut the octopus. My sister ordered the mussels with pineapple and chorizo. It comes with a side of pomme frites. I must say that the mussels might be the way to go if you dine here. It was a generous portion and quite good. For dessert, we shared the crepe suzette which was drizzled with Grand Marnier and lit. There were 3 types of crepes included in the portion and it was extremely good. Overall, I  would give this restaurant another try although I did find some missteps along the way. I feel that even though we ate the escargot despite the fact that it was so overcooked, the dessert or a discount should have been given as a good gesture sign. After all it was my birthday too!! Some restaurants would have done that. I know everyone's dining experience and palate varies but to rate  it 5 stars is suggesting that it is perfect--and although it's very good---it's not  perfect.
