I was worried based on the lack-luster reviews here that I'd be in for a pricey disappointment when I headed to Becco last week for a friend's birthday dinner. Instead, I was pleasantly surprised by just how lovely a meal we enjoyed. Number one, the service was stellar--really above and beyond in my opinion. We were a large party and when one more person showed up who we had not anticipated, they coolly and quickly shuttled us to another table without so much as batting (or rolling) an eye. The wait staff was courteous and thorough throughout the meal, despite our size and ever-so-slightly rowdy behavior (c'mon, if you're out to dinner with 8 of your friends from high school, tell me you're not going to be boisterous!). That said, everyone from the hostess to the bus-people were wonderfully nice to us. Number two, the food was wonderful, or at least mine was--I ordered the least expensive entree on the menu ($19), eschewing the unlimited pasta ''deal'' for something I felt I was less likely to cook for myself--the ground-meat-stuffed peppers with gnocchi. It was delicious! Reminiscent of a dish that my dad used to prepare before my palate was developed enough to really love it, the Becco version had the nostalgia factor working for it in my case, but was otherwise just wonderfully executed. I loved loved loved the sauce and the portion was just right too--big enough to leave me quite full, not so big that I was saddled with a potentially-messy doggie bag to schlep home with me. Also enjoyed the $25 wine list and picked out a nice bottle of montelpulciano (yes, this is my new favorite kind of wine) for a few of us to share--I received kudos on the choice from my fellow winos. And, let's not forget the really stellar bread basket that was kept full throughout the meal, accompanied by white-bean-and-garlic spread (it was fun to show off my foodie side to my friends--"it's like hummus' Italian cousin!) and a nice array of olives (the bright bright green ones were so lovely looking, I had to taste them even though I'm not really an olive fan). To speak for the rest of my friends-since-high-school gang, I'd have to say that our dinner at Becco was definitely a step up from our usual level of dining, but not one that we'd be hesitant to take again. A great special-occasion destination conveniently located near to where all of us work. Sweet.
