This place is AWESOME. My boyfriend and I came down to Kumo on a Thursday to experience their hibachi dinner. There was a small wait, so we went to the bar in the back to grab a drink while we waited. A gin and tonic and a glass of cabernet cost 20 bucks. YIKES. Talk about over priced drinks- half a glass of wine was 10 bucks!! Over looking an expensive start, we were led to our hibachi table...We had to wait a little bit longer once we were seated (they were trying to fill the table with more people) The waitress brought us edamame beans, on the house, for our patience! It was really nice of them to be so accomadating while we waited- we only ended up waiting about 15 minutes in total.! We must have just missed the dinner rush (we came around 8pm), because no one else ventured in for hibachi, it ended up being just the two of us at the table- which could have been awkward, but it turned out to be awesome because we had the chef all to ourselves and he was a really nice guy (and apparently the head chef-score!). Despite being the lonesome 2 at the table, we still got sprayed with plenty of sake, had to catch veggies in our mouth that came flying at our face, and received HUGE portions of deliciously prepared food. I ordered NY strip steak and shrimp, and my boyfriend ordered NY steak and chicken. This comes with a start of miso soup (so good) and rice. The rice was AH-mazing. so full of flavor and I just COULD NOT get enough. Rice is great when youre craving 2000 of something, and this hibachi rice totally hit that craving. After all the fire and sake had settled down, we sat in front of mountains of food and shared a scorpion bowl to finish off the meal/night. Holy liquor gods was that good. I ended up being left with a good portion for lunch the next day.   Overall the experience was lots of fun (I mean, its hibachi-they cook in front of you with a presentation and personality- you cant go wrong!) it was all delicious and reasonably priced for the amount of food we had! One of the best hibachi dinners Ive ever had.
