I've been feeling empty for the past couple days. This emptiness has consumed my life, my time, and most importantly, my happiness. It's hard for me to articulate just how bad things have gotten since the mysterious disappearance of Flight 370 of Malaysia Airlines. Where did it go? Why did it go? Where can it be? Is there no god? Enter Pig and Khao. I was lucky enough to frequent this establishment with a Yelp eliter. Due to her extensive experience at Yelp-reviewing eateries across the nation, I was assured that her recommendation would be quite a fine one. Fine enough to get past the enigmatic loss of Flight 370 of Malaysia Airlines? I was about to find out. I made my way towards Pig and Khao at about 6:30pm on a weekday. I was quickly seated by our waiter who was more than attentive. He was informative, on-point, and helpful- much unlike the Malaysian authorities investigating flight 370 of Malaysia Airlines. He offered us a drink menu to which I quickly perused. I ordered a rye cocktail which tasted like whiskey with a minuscule hint of sugar. Fortunately, I have a deep inclination toward strong drinks, but I could see how this could be off putting to those with a more delicate palate. My Yelp companion had the "FTP" which was sweet, strong, but not overwhelming. The drinks were on point and I was satisfied but still, I could not stop thinking about the Boeing 777 which whereabouts are still yet to be known. With modern technology the way it is, how is it possible to lose a plane as massive as that of Flight 370? I sipped on my drink and sighed. Those poor souls. We then proceeded to order the food of the Filipino people. I had only had Filipino cuisine once in my life, and that was years ago when I was a teenager. How I envy my former self, who didn't have to be burdened by the loss of Flight 370. Worriless and carefree. Unaware of the future events of March 8, 2014. We ordered the sisig and a pork belly dish with a side of jasmine rice. The sisig was incredible. Crunchy in that delectable fried pork way that can only be accompanied by too many calories. WIth a strong sense of lime, coriander, and certain spice that I cannot name due to my limited knowledge of Southeast spices- I was surprised by how tasty the dish was. As surprising as the loss of flight 370? Give the restaurant a try. That is for you to decide. The pork belly dish was mostly fat. Hey, I enjoy eating animal fat as much as the next guy, but this was a little bit too much. I am fully aware that slices of pork belly are usually very fatty, but the slices of meat we received was just lard. I still have yet to forget about the missing plane. I feel as if my soul will never be at peace until we know exactly what happened to that flight. I wait with bated breath; asking questions; looking for answers.
