Came here for dinner this past Friday with three of my friends/former coworkers. One of them chose this restaurant and although I was worried about him making the choice, I was happy with it in the end. Three of us got there around 6:30 but we were waiting for the fourth person to show up. Once we walked in we asked for a table for four but were told that they can not sit us without the full party being there. We were a little annoyed with that since it would have been the same sized table for three or four people but we understood it since we would just be holding a table for longer or just sitting at it without ordering anything. The restaurant does not look appealing at all from the outside, especially with a sign that says "diner" on it, but the inside is a completely different story. Although there are stools by the full bar and some of the seats are booths, the place did not look cheesy whatsoever. I liked the color combination which made the place look inviting and the place seemed very clean, which for me is completely non diner like. They have multiple menus on their website which add up to a lot of options but their dinner menu alone is more limited, yet for me it definitely enough choice. I ordered the pollo sandwich which is a grilled chicken sandwich with tomato guacamole and chipotle mayo and I also ordered yuca fries. The sandwich was very good, I enjoyed every last bit of it and the yuca fries were good as well but be warned it comes with somewhat spicy ketchup which was not very good for my very sore throat (laryngitis bah). The one thing that was surprising to me was that the sandwich did not come with fries or a side salad which is more typically the case at other places. My friends seemed to enjoy their food as well (which included empanads along with other dishes) but were somewhat critical to the authenticity of it since they are both of Latin heritage. My other friend ordered the chocolate-chipotle glazed chicken wings and although she could not taste the chocolate, she seemed to enjoy it quite a bit. Aside from not seating us when it was just the three of us, I was very pleased with the service. Our waitress was sweet and quick and not too overbearing and they were quite flexible with last minute changes as well. All in all, I enjoyed my experience here and think I will be back if I am ever in the mood for Cuban food
