I chose this place for my birthday because I can't stand chain restaurants and their lackluster entrees. We were warmly greeted by the owner and his daughter (a special thank you to the both of them for the favor that was done for us). They both made sure we all felt like we were at home the entire time...I even took pictures with them. They chatted with my 11 year old son and us about various things. Everyone provided perfect service, we never felt it was rushed or lacking in any way. We started out with garlic bread, salad and clams, both of which were seasoned just right. For the main course, my son ordered his favorite which is tortellini. The funniest thing was when he asked if they could make it exactly how I make mine. An order of delicious lobster cannelloni and amazing chicken francese was also included. A bottle of white wine rounded things out for all of us. I was super embarrassed and surprised when they dimmed the lights and brought the cake with the candles for my birthday. It was done very nicely and not corny like some other restaurants. Even the other diners wished me well...very nice of them:D For those of you allergic to chocolate (like me), they have a very nice assortment of desserts to choose from. The overall dining experience was exactly how I grew up eating dinner. Tons of people, loads of incredible food, great wine and lots of conversation. There were several instances where I wished for my father and Nona. I know the two of them would have loved every moment of the night. Since my mother is still around, I am sure she will enjoy eating here as much as I did. Knowing her, she will be in the kitchen tasting the food before it comes out! If you grew up with bland food and "pass the salt" as your dinner conversation, this place is not for you. There are other places that can accommodate you. This is very important: you need a reservation! You can't just show up and expect to have dinner here. While I was having dinner, I witnessed several parties respectfully being turned away at the door because of this very thing. I highly recommend this restaurant for people who want to be reminded of Nona's or Mom's kitchen and all of the fun that came with it.
