With great excitement, we are back in NYC. One of the best meals we had a few years ago when we were here was at Balthazar and all we could think about is sitting down there again. Unfortunately, we did not have the same experience. We grabbed two seats in the bar after a fifteen minute wait, which is totally fine. Once we sat however, the bartender was less then helpful and attentive the entire meal. I would like to say because he was overly busy, but it was not the case. We wanted to order a bottle of wine, but with them all being French wines, were unsure what to order. So we asked the bartender for guidance, supposedly the expert, and he looked at us with a blank stare. He could barely guide us through the wine menu, and we ended up just picking one and he was like, "oh yeah, that will be good" Not the exact response you expect from a bartender in a high end French restaurant. Once the wine was served, it was in a glass like the ones in a cheap fast food chain. Just odd. On top of it all, he placed the bottle on the counter and we had to pour our own wine from it all night. As the meal continued we had to ask for bread multiple times before he brought some. He forgot various condiments that were requested. He was just short, flat toned and not engaging at all. Then the food... first came the shrimp cocktail, which was nothing to write home about. Not bad, but not fantastic. The beet salad and french onion soup were next and again, neither bad...but neither anything you would tell your friends they had to have. The main course finally arrived, an hour and a half after we sat down, and it was ate with mixed reviews. The butternut squash ravioli's were luke warm and very dry...as if they sat under a heat lamp too long. The short ribs did not disappoint and were exactly as tender and magnificent as we had remembered. Overall, not the experience we were hoping for and we probably won't be going back on our next trip. On a side note...the hostess could not be ruder as well. We walked up to podium when we arrived and she just stared at us. Did not say one single word, until we did. Bizarre.
