I'm not a fan of fried chicken at all. So, when my mom said she wanted to go to Peaches HotHouse while she was visiting, I was skeptical. I mean it's chicken doesn't it all taste about the same? Wrong, so wrong. For starters we ordered the giant iceberg wedge with blue cheese and bacon. Before it was brought to our table my thoughts were... salad wedge so like they cut a head of lettuce in half... I just didn't understand. When I got it and ate it I understood, the blue cheese was so good and the salad was just right, very crisp and a great start to our meal. I recommend ordering it as a starter. For entrees I got the crispy fried jumbo shrimp, I couldn't decide what side I wanted so I got the mac and cheese as well as the potato salad (I ended up taking them both home because I was too full). The shrimp was awesome, spicy, but not too spicy and they removed the top shell part, I cannot stand it when restaurants don't do that, it came with chipotle mayo for me to dip the shrimp in, yumm. I also had a slice of bread that I didn't end up eating I took it home, corn bread that was so moist and full of flavor and pickles, I love pickles. My sides that I just took a quick taste of were good too. Very creamy mac and cheese and the bacon potato salad was down right awesome. My mom ordered the hot chicken plate, as I said before I'm not a big fried chicken person and bones in chicken freak me out. Well my mom forced me to try some and let me tell you it was the best fried chicken that I have ever had. She got a side of grits and she said that they were awesome as well. Overall it was well worth the 20 minute walk from my apartment to come here and there is no question in mind, I will be back again. On another note I'm not sure why everyone is saying the service is so rude, when we went our waiter was awesome and very attentive, a bit awkward but he did his job well. It also wasn't super busy when I went so hey who knows maybe there just aren't enough waiters to go around during the busy hours.
