"All animals are killed humanely with five point exploding heart punch.  All vegetables are yanked from the earth with extreme prejudice.  Fritos sourced from Plano, Texas" ....Phew.  Reading this little blurb at the bottom of the tantalizing menu at Brooklyn Star put me totally at ease.   I also felt at ease by the warm welcome my girlfriend and I received immediately upon entering the bar area.  The staff here is incredibly friendly, I felt like I was walking into someone's home.  They got us set up at a comfy booth in the back, gave us drink and food menus, welcomed us to Brooklyn Star, and generally just made us feel at home while Paul Simon played on the radio. After about 5 minutes in the place, before a sip of alcohol or nibble of food, I had already decided that I am in love with this restaurant.  And it was all uphill from here.  We started out with cocktails and a cast-iron skillet full of bacon and jalapeno cornbread.   The drink menu was exciting.  I wanted to try everything.  The lady and I decided to order a Spicy Margarita and a Sweet Tea Sour, and split them both.  If you love sweet tea, and love whisky sours, you'd love a hybrid of the two.  And the Spicy Marg was exactly as it sounds, I absolutely loved it.   They warned us that the cornbread would take 15-20 minutes to come out of the kitchen- each one is made to order.  Yes please, sounds great! And we'd like to add the bacon and jalapeno as well!  This was possibly the highlight of the meal.  It was heavenly.  It seems that they first cooked the bacon in the cast iron skillet, then used that delicious animal fat to lube the skillet once they poured in the cornbread batter.  The result is each bite of cornbread not only has a generous amount of bacon in it, but also the smokey essence of bacon on the crispy crust as well.   Then we ordered 3 small plates and 1 large.  This was a pretty good move.  The small plates are generous, and allow you to try a bunch of different things.  I'd recommend this approach. The romaine wedge was the best I've ever had.  The homemade buttermilk dressing is divine.  There wasn't a TON of bacon, but I aint mad atchya.  Trust me, I left the restaurant fully meeting my pork quota for the day.   The fried oyster tacos were absolutely mind blowing.  At $16 for two tacos, these were by far the most expensive tacos I've eaten in my life.  Fried oysters are obviously incredibly delicious vittles on their own, but then they dress up these tacos with refried beans, cabbage and CHORIZO VINAIGRETTE. Yes, chorizo vinaigrette.  Not really sure how they do this, but yes, there are bits of meat in the dressing.  Nuff said.  Highly recommended. Next, the wings.  UN-REAL.  I think that Brooklyn Star has defied the laws of cooking meat here.  I've never eaten wings that are so goddamn crispy on the outside, yet so smooth and tender and soft on the inside.  The sauce: zesty and delicious.  I almost never eat wings without dipping them in bleu cheese or ranch.  Not these though, they are topped with little chopped up pickled carrots that seal the deal.  Quite a unique wing experience.   And to top it all off- The Shrimp and Grits.  Absolutely unreal.  Possibly my favorite shrimp and grits ever.  Escarole, fried egg, bacon and pan gravy....mmmm  mmmmm.  The dish was loaded with huge shrimp.  This was the ultimate cap to an already amazing experience, and THIS is what left me stuffed. All in all, I am enamored with the Brooklyn Star.  I am still thinking about this meal, days later.  That whole experience cost us $80, plus tip.  For a meal of this caliber, and those groovy libations, I think the price is quite fair.  Alas, this will be the type of place I only go to on special occasions.  While you could go grab a cheap meal here (meatloaf sandwich is $10) I feel that this is the type of spot you must BALL OUT when you make a visit, and truly milk it for all its worth.  I hope to go back many times in the future and eventually try everything.  I'm a bit shocked and disappointed in myself that I didn't order the bacon mac n cheese.
