I've never been inspired to write a Yelp review before, and normally I wouldn't comment on a place where I didn't even eat, but I feel that my experience at Do Or Dine was significant enough that it warrants this. I came in with two friends at 8 o'clock on a Saturday night.  No reservation.  We were totally prepared to wait.  The host/server (short, multiple earrings, hat) was rude to us from the moment we walked in.  When we said we were more than happy to wait for a table to open up, he actually said the words, "Well, I guess you can, like, wait at the bar or whatever." I've been in the service industry for a long time--I've been through busy Saturday nights and I get feeling frazzled.  But that is NOT how you speak to a customer. Period. We should have left then and there, but instead we decided to sit at the bar (or whatever.) After being ignored for about ten minutes, the bartender finally addressed us. I got the spicy tequila gimlet, which was very good and the only reason that I gave Do Or Dine an extra star.  No points for the fact that he was was visibly annoyed when my friend asked what a Spherickleback was. (Pickleback using molecular gastronomy to contain the pickle juice in a little sphere.) After an hour and a half of waiting, during which no one ever addressed us again, our table was finally ready. We sit down and...nothing vegetarian except for one or two side dishes and maybe a salad.  (This part is definitely partially our fault--a friend who is veg said they had been super accommodating when she went, but we neglected to look up the menu beforehand--maybe it's changed and is less adaptable at the moment?) We asked the host/server if there were any alternatives.  "Well, I guess you could, like, take the bacon off of this.  And we could do a seasonal vegetable plate." Sorry, no.  After hearing all the rave reviews of the food there, there's no way we're forking out our money for some half-complete dish and a plate of vegetables.  We explained (very politely--it's not anyone else's problem that we have dietary restrictions) to the server that we were hoping for more options, got up, and left. As always, the staff was visibly annoyed.   I have honestly never been somewhere that I was treated so badly. The food at Do Or Dine may be amazing, but I'll never know.  Not a chance I'd go back.
