3 Stars... I met a group of friends here for dinner and overall, it was a good, solid dining experience although I wasn't blown away by the food. The restaurant is nice and quaint, but what I really enjoyed was the outdoor back patio area. I wasn't expecting this restaurant to have a back patio and it was really nice.  The lighting, temperature and set up made it a very enjoyable experience. We came on a Monday night, which we found out was Meatball Monday.  So of course we had to try the meatballs!  Who doesn't love meatballs! For appetizers, we ordered all 3 meatballs - Manzo (kobe beef), Pollo (chicken) and Vitello (veal).  All were pretty tasty, but surprisingly, we all liked the chicken the best.  And trust me, I usually don't like chicken, but it was really flavorful. In addition to the meatball appetizers, we also tried the Mozzarella in Camicia, which is mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto baked with tomato sauce and bread crumbs.  This was really delicious... amazing even.  Definitely the highlight of the evening. For my main entree, I got the Coste Di Manzo Brasate - the braised short ribs.  I had high expectations from the reviews and the waiter had also highly recommended this. Sadly, I was very disappointed.  It just tasted like your everyday beef...nothing at all special or flavorful and instead of large chunks of beef, it was lots of small pieces of beef.  It wasn't anything like what you would expect when you think of "beef short ribs".  I was very sad...   For dessert, we got the Torta Di Mandorle - Almond tart with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce, it was okay.... nothing special and even now, a few days later, can't remember how it looked or even tasted. I do have to add that the waiter and staff were all very nice and attentive.  We asked them for wine recommendation and they suggested a bottle that everyone really enjoyed.   I would still like to give this place another try. One thing I really like about this place is that they have many appetizers and entrees with prosciutto and I absolutely love prosciutto!  I can't wait to try some of those next time!
