My maiden voyage to Marc Vetri's new Italian gastropub on Mt. Vernon and Broad left me with mixed feelings.  With more time and attention, I'm hopeful any weak spots in the menu will be remedied.  However, there is much to praise in Vetri's newest endeavor. On a day with weather as pleasant as Wednesday's, you'll see the front of the restaurant wide open, inviting in passersby and allowing for a lighter-hearted ambiance inside Alla Spina. My friend and I enjoyed wonderful service the entire night.  One of the hostesses we chatted with earlier on came by the table to check on how our meal was.  Our server answered all of our 500 questions about the menu and gave us her honest insight into the dishes we were most curious about and some we hadn't inquired into. Starters: Baked Oysters with Parm, Lemon, and Parsley - The oysters used were about the size of a quarter, so in my opinion, they were on the small size.  My dining companion agreed we should've eaten these right when they arrived, as the cheese hardened and changed the entire texture of the dish.  These were tasty but not a must-have. Pig Tails with Fennel and Agrodolce - Many Yelpers lauded this dish, but my friend and I found the pig tails inconceivably fatty, with tender bits of meat tucked so far beneath, it wasn't worth the effort.  The skin of the pig tails, however, was divine - a paper-thin layer of crisp which held the sweet flavor of the agrodolce. House Pickles - We very much enjoyed these pickles, comprised of assorted vegetables like beets, carrots, tomatoes, but for $6, I expected at least 3 times the amount we were served. So ended the unsatisfying part of the meal and thus began the enjoyment.. Entrees: Mortadella Hot Dog with Spicy Pickles and Cabbage Relish - Though small, I savored every last bite of this beautifully cooked and flavorful hot dog with a relish that married salty with tangy while not overpowering the flavor of the mortadella.  This came with either Salt and Vinegar OR Barbecue chips as did the Veal Hoagie, so we sampled both.  Salt and Vinegar definitely won.   Veal Breast Milanese Hoagie with Bacon Mayo - The veal in this hoagie was just the right thickness and oh-so-tender, and the bacon mayonnaise played nicely against the breading of the veal and fixin's inside the sandwich. Crespelle - Probably due to sheer volume of food we ordered, the kitchen sent our table a crespelle on the house.  Incredibly kind.  As for the dish, luscious bechamel wove between thin layers of pasta and spinach to send this dish over the top.  After one bite, we were sold. Dessert: Fiordilatte Soft Serve with Chocolate Covered Bacon - I am a bacon FIEND, and when chocolate and bacon get together, I declare a national holiday.  - so the next time I'm craving this combo, I will definitely resort to Fiordilatte with Bacon.  It didn't knock my socks off, but I will say the smokey bacon, rich chocolate, and ever-pleasing soft serve was enough to make this dish memorable and perhaps even crave worthy.  Only time will tell.. **Donut Bread Pudding - Do not miss this!  Our warm donut of heavenly texture (not too soft, not too hard) sat on a plate atop a sauce of donut glaze.  If I could've fit another in at the end of this filling meal, I would certainly have.  Hell, if I could've licked that plate without fear of judgment, I would have!
