As i wrote in a previous review, I LOVE PIZZA. All day everyday. But as much i hate to admit it i have become one of the minions of the mass produced pizza. Papa Johns and Domino's have been the church of pizza that i have worship and giving many tides too lol. So much that though they keep records and they know it by heart, i actually saw MY delivery guy walking to work on south street. "Hey Kev"he says ..yeah i dont know if that is a sign of an obsession,or that i am fat...Jury still out on that particular subject.. .Anyway i have my own small town pizza at home in NJ that i love so much i dont even look at domino's there. At some point during this past summer i was walking back from visiting either visit my fiances best friends at HO tans or maybe i was walking back for bainbridge after getting a few shots up not sure. But i decided during one of my usual long walks i was pretty hungry but i had already past the Wendy's and didn't feel like turning around and going back to that one because that Wendy's is sort of gross. It also smell like the one big urinal cake. Wawa was way ahead and next to my apartment so that served no purpose for the immediate missed-meal pains i was experiencing at that time. So i thought i ll try this pizza joint i past with the open window i see all the time. Now i went to school in FL and i vaguely remember a NYPD down there and wasn't a big fan of it. So the name made think of the overcooked disc that called "pizza" that i only nourished myself on when i was either drunk or hungover,so as to be happy with food being in my stomach and not the taste...ewww. So i went in and immediate got a feel that this place was not Florida, its small and nice and most importantly the got the pizza right which is obviously the aim. It was awesome,so awesome that i continued to stop there every time time i walked pasted it. Gooey and crispy to a point not like snap or anything like cardboard...cooked almost to perfection every time i have gotten it. Though i still order domino's this is my new at home pizza place that i walk to get a pleasant reminder of my little town in jersey. Hopefully it will be yours too. Enjoy!!
