Easily my new favorite spot. NIXS has it. Of the handful of times that I have visited (happy hour, dinner's, late night), I have never left disappointed. Food has been on point. With an emphasis on "modern America small plates and contemporary cuisine" the seafood-focused plates have definitely been my personal favorites. The shellfish platter is great to share, their take on tater tots (sweet crab, lobster, cheddar cheese w/ lemon aioli) are to die for, and the grilled salmon is spot on! (moist and crispy in all the right places) If you're not one for seafood, you really gotta try their margherita and wild mushroom flatbread (super tasty). Oh and the candied bacon deviled eggs are pretty naughty! As for drinks, they have a decent list of crafty craft cocktails. I'm a fan of the "Oldest Fashioned" and "Bad Wolf", whiskey-goers will certainly rejoice over how legit both are. I sampled my date's "Beach Please" and "Bazzle Dazzle", though both equally refreshing, go for the bazzle (trust me, it gets the "job" done) Some have commented on how service has been, and how haphazard the delivery/order of the food comes out from the kitchen. But I can attest to the truth that I have had nothing short of impeccable service. Yaz, the GM has always been super welcoming. And it's always cool to hear all the tidbit's about the menu and where everything is sourced. Special shoutout to (Chris, Anotinette, Jackie, Paige) undoubtedly some of the best service from these folks. Never a dull moment here during rush hours, and conveniently across from the Convention Center, the ever-increasing foot traffic has made known that this is the place to be. I mean, it just oozes cool. And after a brief stint in Los Angeles, I'm delighted to come back to Hartford to something that's slightly reminescent of those vibes. They don't go overboard trying to be trendy/hipster-ish, and for that, I'm with it. Oh, and check out their ever-evolving Happy Hour specials. Currently still offering $1 raw oysters and a new signature drink daily: come have a drink, and stay a little.
