I stopped in here with my EXTREMELY picky grandmother one afternoon after running a few errands in nearby Quechee. I had fond memories of it from a carry out sandwich I had eaten months before, and I decided it was a safe bet for someone who would literally explode at the sight of garlic. I stopped in, and after a few moments of my elderly companion squinting at the chalkboard, we ordered our sandwiches, and sat down. And that's when the lights went out. All electronics, really. On the entire block. Restaurant workers lined the streets, equipped with cell phones, planning their exit strategy from their now-defunct workplaces. I have to hand it to the Boho staff: they remained level headed and adapted. They assured us that our our sandwiches were almost ready before everything went to shit (my words).  They were right. Not long after, our sandwiches were served to us, albeit merely lukewarm.  I had repeated my carryout order from so long ago, a buffalo chicken salad sandwich on an asiago roll. It was messy, had a kick, and it was delicious. A home run in my book. My grandmother seemed to like her turkey sandwich, although commented insistently on the size. She only ate half, and left the rest to her husband. This follows her MO pretty closely, so I wouldn't take it as a knock against the sandwich.   As we enjoyed our lunch, we preoccupied ourselves with the admittedly pretty great people watching. The decor in Boho is rather sparse, but the large painting at the end of the cafe, original to the hotel adjacent, gave the space life. An elderly man, that we suspected might be mentally disabled, in a wheelchair, attended to cleaning tables. After a while, the high-school aged girl that had manned the front counter tried to ask what he wanted for lunch. She went around this in a way that was half-spunk, half-condescending,  and entirely entertaining.  Along with the many characters that stopped into the cafe and were treated like friendly regulars, the interactions within the place gave it life and charm. At least, far more lively than the rather uptight Tuckerbox coffee house down the street. I can't speak to the quality of their coffee, compared to places like Tuckerbox or even Panera, but I do know one thing. In the End Times, when Quetzalcoatl comes and rains down fire on the Earth, or some Roland Emmerich nightmare comes horribly true, I'm comforted by the fact that there's a cafe staff out there that will remain calm and serve me a great sandwich with a side of charm, apocalypse be damned.
