Needing a proper meal I went with a girlfriend to RobatayaNY, she is a super sweet girl and this is one of her favourites, so my literary gloves are on. Having been there before she knew we needed counter action. After a couple of minutes we had two seats at the counter, the seating is tight so no arm swinging please. From past experience in Japanese restaurants, whenever there is more shouting from the staff than there is talking from the patrons, it is a good sign and this proved to be the case. The counter is a semi-circle around two chefs and a grill, armed with giant paddles they wait for you to point at vegetables or fresh seafood for them to prepare. They move nimbly in the small space, reaching over to grab the newest item for the grill, before grilling it and paddling it back. It is quite a ceremony and highly entertaining, everything comes out on the paddles even open cans of beer. We had: Grilled aubergine: Perfectly done, served with the faintest touch of soy and finely diced ginger Mushrooms, Cepes I think: these were delicious, a little buttery and served with a slice of lemon Chicken Meatballs: Minced chicken never tasted so good, skewered flat ovals of freshly ground chicken, covered in sticky teriyaki King Crab: Several large claws, natural and sweet, lightly grilled, lovely Japanese pickles: Some people do crack, I do pickles, I am not sure that these were all homemade but the cucumber was particularly fresh Salmon and salmon roe hotpot: God damn this was a 5* dish. A pot of fresh, fluffy white rice, slowly cooked, scattered with chunks of salmon and the freshest of roe, bursting upon the tongue. We stayed long after the evening rush had gone, sipping on tea, talking and admiring the men at work. The product of a good meal and great company, that was sadly but at the same time enjoyably, sake free. My only gripe would be size of the portions, every portion is single, so you need to order two and they aren't cheap. It is a fun place to come and I would highly recommend, sit at the counter!
