This review is a combined rating of two VERY different experiences I had with Artichoke's The first experience I will share is the typical one. Party NYC HAAM! Drink until my heart is content, wander the streets of Manhattan, stumble to Artichokes doorway and STOP. Marvel at the INSANE crowd of clubbers bum rushing the doorways, just ACHING for a slice. Absolutely nothing on earth could satisfy this plastered girls food craving like this slice of pizza will. After finally making it to the front, taking my shoes off about 20 minutes into waiting, I get to order my slice of tomato basil on thin crust, and simultaneously stuff my face while stumbling through Manhattan on my way home. And the slice is every bit worth the wait. Flavorful, the basil is fresh, the tomato is ripe. The dough is steaming, the flavors burst onto your drunk  taste buds, its everything, everything you could want at 3am on a summer night. Experience TWO: So if its everything you could want at 3am after clubbing all night, why wouldn't it be everything you want at 9pm at night, BEFORE you start clubbing, and you need to fuel that hot bod of yours for a full night of NYC debauchery! So you decide, DELIVERY! Lets bring this amazingness to our doorstep, so I can dance to MGMT in my underwear, in my bathroom, scarfing down a slice while I get ready  to take on the town. So, we place an order. Tomato/Basil, Full pie, no problem! See you in 45 minutes! So I dance dance while I put on my my make up, trying to ignore the growling of my stomach as it anxiously awaits some ARTICHOKES! so much excitement! Until 45 minutes, comes and Goes. And then an additional 30 minutes comes and goes. So you think, "that place is busy as hell, they are probably running behind" So just make a quick phone call, check on the status of the order. We make the call and barely get two words in, they are so damn rude on the phone. And you think, hmm this isn't necessary. "I'm calling to check in on my order. this is my name, etc etc.." we are then informed our order already left the building and should arrive any minute. YAAAAAY! Until another 45 minutes goes by (BTW, these are legit times, not exaggerated) So at this point it has now been over 2 hours since our order of one tiny little stupid, dumb, not so great pizza has been placed. So at this point..Im hungry, and dressed, and long passed the point of being hungry. Its actually now time for us to leave the house. So we call again, asking where is our order. WE are informed at this point, "your order just left the building' WTF? I become a version of angry that isn't appropriate for a 5'2" 28 year old lady, so I tell them to just cancel my order and i ask them not to charge my credit card. They say its too late and they don't cancel transactions. HOMIE WHAT? I say I am leaving the house now, I do not want the order anymore, and I better not see a charge to my card. This guy legit hangs up on ME. As if I did something wrong. So we gather all of our crap, so defeated for the night, absolutely starving as now its almost 3 hours into this ordeal. WE Head for the door and we leave open to leave, their goofy ass delivery boy is standing in our doorway. It took everything in me NOT to whip my purse at his head. We eventually took the pizza, which when we opened the box, was literally COLD, the cheese was hard, the basil had wilted and it was as if the first experience pizza I had was a Victoria's secret model in her prime, and my delivery version was a model for Mervyns petite woman's line in the 80's. I shouldn't have tried to bring something so good, home with me. Even though the pizza is very very good, on principle alone and the horrible experience we had, I will not be giving my money to Artichokes again. Its insane how different an experience can be and how much can change in such a short amount of time.
