A one hour and fifteen minute wait! That's what the hostess told my friend and me when we arrived here for our virginal Clinton Street brunch experience last Sunday. The time: 1145am. We thought we'd try to beat the brunch crunch. Food fail. We took our still-virginal starving stomachs elsewhere. Forward to Monday morning. Same time. Same place. We tried again. And in less than five minutes...success! Ten minutes later, a three-stack pancake pile arrived in front of me.  The cakes were each about the size of a dessert plate. A large dollop of blueberries lazing in their light blue sauce topped my order. A few purple berries peeked out from inside the cakes themselves. Slicing through the stack with my fork I speared through a three-tiered triangle. My first taste bud sensation....hmm...apparent crispiness? Very nice touch. My second...definite fluffiness.  A must -have. My third...light blueberry sweetness. Not cloying. I don't like superlatives for fear of being dramatic but I must admit: "These were likely the best pancakes I have ever had." I now apologize for using a superlative. And we move on. I realized I hadn't tried the maple butter sitting on the side of the plate.  It was ripe banana-colored - an understandable hue based on a mix of maple syrup and liquid butter.  I dipped my next triangle stack into the little silver pot. If my taste buds had eyes they would have rolled back and down my throat.  Let me describe it this way: If Clinton Street's pancakes were a starter drug then their maple butter would be the next illicit substance on your gastronomic trip. Other things we tried: 1. Chorizo sausage - a really nice pairing with the pancakes. I saw others with bacon as a side too.  Based on table popularity, I don't think you can go wrong with either if you crave a meaty complement. 2. My friend went healthy and tried the beet salad. He said it was fine but kept coming back to my plate to 'help' me finish up the half-stack I was leaving behind. 3. Cheese grits.  My friend ordered that as a side.  He's a fan of grits - he said they weren't great. I don't like grits.  I thought they were awful - super grainy and a vague bland taste.   4. Another friend joined later and got the banana walnut pancakes.  Word of caution he says: the outside may cool off but bananas are also baked into the cakes - and they stay very hot all nestled inside there.  Don't scald your tongue on the hidden banana coals.   Bottom line: if this is your first Clinton Street experience, get the pancakes. I'd suggest sharing an order - they're built for two normal humans (or one normal American, hehe).  That way you can save your wallet AND save your waistline. Thanks Clinton Street! :)
