4 and a half stars: Excellent place for high-quality Italian. Read on... Have you ever heard of the story of Sisyphus in Greek Mythology? Sisyphus was condemned by the gods to roll a boulder up a mountain for the rest of eternity. Every time he got near the top of the mountain, the boulder would roll over him, crush him and he would die. He would have to repeat this every day for the rest of eternity as punishment. While going to this restaurant was certainly a pleasure, I kind of felt like Sisyphus in giving this review. Every time I wanted to give this place 5 stars, something crushed my desire to. Here's the breakdown Food: 4 and a half stars: The bread that came with the meal was outstanding and unique. It can best be described as foccacia breadsticks which came with a nice herb-infused olive oil that really started the meal off nicely. For our appetizer we tried the polenta with gorgonzola and mushroom which was out-of-this-world but not at all what I expected. I was expecting a block of polenta with a crispy top and sauce over it. Instead we were served little squares of polenta in what could be best describes as cheesy mushroom soup. It felt more like a cream of mushroom soup with polenta squares but it was divine. The polenta was cooked perfectly and the mushroom gorgonzola sauce was decadent to the point of ridiculous. The appetizer alone was probably 3,000 calories. For our entrees my girlfriend got the paperdelle with mozzarella and tomato sauce while I got the baked veal lasagna. My lasagna was very good and overflowing with cheese but it was a little disappointing. They really didn't put that much veal into it. The veal they did put in was ground veal which tasted more like chopped meat. They also didn't put a lot of sauce in the lasagna. It tasted like a block of cheese with some pasta. Don't get me wrong, the lasagna was really good, it just lacked certain elements that would have turned a good dish into a great dish ( For what it's worth, lasagna to me is the test of a good Italian Restaurant) I sampled my girlfriend's papperdelle which they claimed was homemade pasta. It definitely was. It had the texture you look for in homemade pasta. The noodles were butter soft and nearly dissolved upon chewing. The sauce while simple was very good and once again overflowing with cheese. The tomato sauce was more of a cream sauce which I found unusual since it was not explicitly stated on the menu but it was still tasty. They have a habit of putting cream in everything which while good, sometimes isn't necessary. However, I was impressed with how they turned a simple dish into a homerun. I was impressed with both dishes but I feel that they missed an opportunity to present 5 star cuisine. The absence of certain little details prevent me from giving the food 5 stars For example, one thing they did which made no sense was they put a noodle note of ketchup (Yes, you read that right) on the rim of our entrée plates. I have no idea why they did that but it made no sense. It was strange. For dessert, we had a chocolate lava cake with ice cream which was ok but nothing to write about. Service: 4 and a half stars Service was very professional and competent. Refills were attended to quickly and the wait staff worked in clocklike fashion to ensure a pleasant experience. One thing I liked was that they did not hover over us or make unnecessary conversation. They also us to breathe and relax without feeling rushed. Atmosphere: 4 and a half stars The restaurant is beautiful yet understated. The roof and architecture of the restaurant look like an Irish Cottage but the bottom looks like a traditional Italian place. The place is immaculate and well spaced with an understated simplicity. Traditional paintings adorn the wall and add a classy feel to the place. The bathrooms are also really clean. Verdict: This is an excellent Italian place that you should definitely try. It is as close to 5 stars as I can give it without it being 5 stars. Furthermore, it is extremely reasonably priced. I absolutely recommend it. Hopefully they will get better and become a 5 star place
