Oh My GAWDDDD... but seriously, this place was absolutely amazing! Although you really should have a reservation, me and a friend went in around 7:20 and waited for a table. It took about 40 minutes to be seated but we had some wine and looked over the menu while we waited. (I tried two of the white wines.... The first and second ones on the list... I was not familiar with any of the wines on the list, so I asked for recommendations from the server.. The first wine I tried was the second on the list... it is effervescent but pretty good. I had intentions of having that again, but our actual waiter recommended the first white wine on the list.. Loved it  even more! I really wish they had their wine selection on their website that way I can look it up and buy it! ) Back to the food--- It was well worth the wait! We had: -paquetitos de jamón which are artichoke and manchego wrapped in serrano ham... (comes with 3) I COULD EAT A HUNDRED OF THESE! -pan con tomate y tres salsas: I COULD EAT THIS FOREVER. The baguette is warm and toasted with a light garlic tomato spread .. then there are three side spreads (fava bean puree, olive tapenade with a smokey hint, and  roasted red peppers and onions) All three were delicious, and we even asked for more bread so we didn't leave anything behind. A MUST get!   -chorizo al jerez Which was chorizo cooked in sherry... was good, nothing special but still delicious if you like chorizo -patatas bravas which were very rich and packed with calories but SO good.. def a comfort food! The spicy aoli was delicious and we dipped the chorizo in so we didnt waste the aoli! - one of the specials was fried calamari and we got that.. nothing special there as well-- but we were in the mood for calamari :) For dessert we got the flan... very yummy! When I come back again I will 100% order the paquetitos de jamón, and the pan con tomate y tres salsas again. The other things we got were very good, but I would like to try EVERYTHING else on the menu! Will most certainly come back again!
