I really enjoy Alta.  I went last week for the second time with my boyfriend.  We were celebrating our 4th year anniversary (yey!!!).  We decided to try this place out for the first time, months ago, after being rejected by Balthazar's for Valentine's Day reservations.   I think the service is fine.  It was better the first time we went (even though it was much more crowded!).  This time, it was fairly empty (Wednesday night), and yet our food took a goodly time to come.  The waiter even came a number of times asking if we wanted to order more and we had to tell him "we're still waiting for some of our food to get here".  Tisk tisk.. I have to agree with other Yelpers.  It is impossible to read the menu.  I used my iPhone to illuminate it, which made it much easier.  I ordered the red sangria which, while startlingly expensive, is really quite tasty, and very, very strong.  Some of my favorite foods include the bacon wrapped dates, the lamb meatballs, my boyfriend loves the fried goat cheese but I don't much care for it (too much cheese!  I usually have one and I'm good), and coca.  We tried the brussel sprouts since so many Yelpers raved about them, and I must say, I thought they were gross!  They were greasy and had a burnt, bitter flavor.  Totally unappetizing.  Sadly, we only ate half of the dish since we just couldn't stomach the other half.. As for "entrees", I love love loveeeee the braised short rib of beef.  I was stuffed but it still tasted amazing.  The duck confit is also delish and reminiscent of the duck confit at Balthazar's (a must if you ever visit).  I've had the gnocchi the first time I went and I really did enjoy it.  My only complaint might be that it had way too much sauce. Desserts: the chocolate cake is probably what I'll order again if I go another time.  The torija is also really good.  The cheesecake was alright.  It had this one flavor that just threw the whole dessert off for me.. All in all, I really enjoyed my dinner.  I may have gotten a bit too tipsy by the end of the night (my sangria was strong!!!!).  I will go again though =)
