The chocolate mints by the cash register were the best part of the meal. No, I'm not Italian. And no, I don't have an axe to grind. I grew up in New Haven and always thought of Brazi's as the fancy restaurant that was out of my league. Flash forward 20 or so years and my boyfriend decided that after a long week of work, we needed a date night and Brazi's would be the place. Sweet! I was finally getting a chance to come here. Famous last words. The place looks like a 1980's banquet hall, complete with some fake-columned pavilion in the middle. The furniture is the same -- everything in there is completely lackluster and looks like it's been around since the place opened, and not in a good way. Service was indifferent, at best. Slow, to be sure. Getting water took about 10 minutes -- our server was running around looking extremely busy, but we counted about 5 tables he was responsible for and he clearly forgot us at first. The tables where the patrons called him by name (there are definitely "regulars" at this place) got the attention. The rest of us were left waiting. A lot. We ordered simple meals. Lasagna and eggplant parm. They were AWFUL. Bland sauce (unbelievable!), greasy, thick cut eggplant with no seasoning and slightly undercooked. I actually thought the meat in his lasagna had gone a little off -- it just didn't taste right. When our server brought us the dessert menu, we looked at it (usually when there are pictures to show the food you know it's a bad sign) and decided based on our meal we were probably better off picking up some ice cream at the grocery store on the way home than suffer another disappointment. Paying at the register (really? Seems tacky for the type of restaurant Brazi's strives to be) was also met with indifference. The cashier was counting money and didn't even look up for a good 20 seconds before taking our check. If it weren't for the chocolate mints at the register and our very nice busboy, I'd be giving this place zero stars. The crappy meal/experience ruined a hard-to-come-by date night and left a sour taste in our mouths. I think Brazi's is resting on its laurels (if it ever had any) and you're much better off spending your time and money at one of the better Italian restaurants in the New Haven area.
