Mary Grace T. below has it just right. This is the best Brisket I've had. Period. No close competition. Not in Austin, Not in San Antonio, Not in wherever else they sell this stuff. This brisket is phenomenal. I mean like the Toro of Brisket. It was melt in your mouth good. Awesome beyond belief. Tasty like you wanted to slap someone's momma good.  Incredible. Get it and be happy. So I went on a Sunday evening. First thing, I've not ever been to Red Hook. Lots of parts of BK, but not Red Hook. (Not even to the Ikea or Fairway.) I had to trust the GPS on this one. When Van Brunt dead ended, I was a little worried, because I did not see a sign. But I got out and parked the car and walked to where 454 had to be. And there is was. I walked around the corner and inside is exactly what I'd expect from brisket. There's blues-y honkey tonkish sort of music playing. Check. There's a bartender with a sleeve tattoo. Check. There's a great selection of bourbon. Check. There was a guy who wore flip flops with a cammy hat. Check. The only difference between this and any of the places in the South that serve brisket would be that hipsters (and professional types) have replaced all the folks wearing polo and SEC affiliated baseball hats. The vibe is very nice. You wait in line. It's a long line. And at the end of that line they serve you the food. It's weighed. I don't get that but, it is what it is. For a group, I ordered the brisket, the $25 beef rib and chicken, with mac and cheese and potatoe salad. They boxed it up right in front of me and I went to the bar to get a drink while the chicken came out. The potato salad has no mustard. So that's a no go. It was bland. The mac and cheese was OK. The chicken was decent. BUT THE BRISKET WAS OFF THE CHAIN. World class. Get that stuff now. Don't play around with the rest of the menu. The brisket over came everything. Juicy and tender, and this is after a 20 minute car ride away from the restaurant. So here's the short version, get the Brisket. Everything else is decent, but this is some ole once in a lifetime stuff.
