I don't cross the bridge to BK often. When I do, I come for good food. This time, Dover, the sister restaurant of Battersby. To sum up in one sentence: the food is EMP quality but for half the price. Me and my friend were planning to go Battersby on a Tue night around 9pm. The wait time would be 45 min. So we decided to check out Dover, which was 2 blocks away and just open couple days ago, before we came back to Battersby. Dover is located on Court st. with much bigger space than Battersby, big windows and tables can comfortably sit party of 6. While Battersby was completely packed, Dover was quite empty the time we were there - the restaurant was still less than 1 week old, not surprising. We sat at the bar and ordering drinks since we were going back to Battersby later. From the window where one can peak inside the kitchen, we spotted Walker Stern, one of the chefs and owner of Battersby and Dover. Well, we stayed where the chef was :) The menu was similar to Battersby (per my friend who has been couple times; I have not) but not exactly the same and more concise.  We skipped the tasting menu and making out own tasting instead. Starter: Maine sea urchin, soba, ginger, chili. This was very refreshing. The ginger zest, the spicy kick from chili flakes and the creamy sea urchin perfectly blend together; and the soba was the perfect vehicle to soak up creamy sauce. We enjoyed this dish alot and would return just for this dish. First course: Endive salad and spaghetti Nero. I not a fan of endive but I like this one - light butter dressing with farro and lentils. Healthy and yummy! The spaghetti, oh the spaghetti! It was nothing like I have had elsewhere - crunchy crab meat and fried garlic provided excellent contrast to the spaghetti; the meyer  lemon lent a subtle citrus aroma to the pasta. Very different from most of the pasta dish I have tried, this one is light, refreshing yet packed of flavor. Outstanding! Second course (you can order full size or half; we got two half size): Chatham cod and lobster. The cod was perfectly cooked, soft and juicy; smoked bacon crumbs and cabbage and brussel sprouts; final touch was the beet juice pouring on top. White fish, green veggies and red juice - beautiful presentation.The lobster was simply grilled,paired with tomato confit, creamy spinach. Again, light but flavorful. Entree: we got the lamb ribs. OMG, this is the best lamb ribs I have ever had in the city. It was a fusion dish (Japanese & Moroccan?): the seasoning was sweet miso, with eggplant, mint, peanuts.  The lamb must have been grilled (?) for a long time as the meat were very easily peeled of the bone with a fork. And the bones were semi-soft and you can even sucked out the little bit marrow in it.  the eggplant was the true star of this dish - it soaked up the lamb juice, miso and mint flavor like a little sponge. Oh, I almost forgot the dessert. We had the pistachio, chocolate mouse and the pecan financier. Both are excellent. Not too sweet, just the way I like my dessert. Perfect to go with the french press I got. Without doubt, I had a. No, multiple foodgasm through out the dinner. And our bar tender had never let our wine/water glass empty. The cocktails were also excellent -  I love my french 75. Wine list is concise but well curated. we had a bottle of Italian white, a glass of shiraz and cab to pair with the lamb. Last but not least. Since we were the last customers left, we got a chance to chat with Walker stern, the chef. A brilliant young chef with a very down to earth personality and humble. We had a good meal and we had a handshake with the chef. And of course, we already made plan to come back next week.
