When you first walk into Room Service, you don't feel like you're walking into a restaurant. The ambiance is chic and trendy, with the fancy mirrors, black & white tiled floors, molding on walls and clean metal and black furniture. It is very darkly lit, with a massive chandelier serving as a main focal point in the center. The chandelier is encased behind glass in the middle of the restaurant at torso level. It almost feels like a very modern and posh hotel, with the waitresses and hostesses dressed up in exquisite and attractive black outfits consisting tophats, tank-tops, and dreamcatcher-like necklaces. But with a name like Room Service, you would expect exceptional table service. What you can expect, is on the other end of the spectrum, with a waiting staff that is abundant but almost nonexistent. Our food did come out extremely fast, no more than 5 minutes from when we had put our order in. But after that, our waiter never came to check up on us until we were done with our meals. The Pad Noh Mai ($12.20), which is listed in the menu as an original authentic Thai style dish. Pad Noh Mai consists of sauteed shrimps, minced chicken, fresh basil, Thai chili, bamboo shoots, with herbs, chili paste, and garlic sauce. Although it's also touted as a very spicy dish and not for the American customer, I found it to be sweet with no heat to it at all. It was still very tasty, with 6 medium plump shrimp that were perfectly cooked, tender chicken bits, a lot of thinly sliced bamboo shoots, and a nice basil flavor to it. Complimented on the side was a small mound of white rice sprinkled with black sesame seeds. It easily absorbed all that flavorful sauce on the dish, making for a dish I enjoyed very much and that I could come back for. I just wish it was a lot spicier, and this dish would be a hit out of the park. The Pad See Ew ($10.90) at Room Service topped as being one of my favorite preparations for this dish. It consists of the standard flat rice noodles stir fried in sweet soy sauce, along with fresh crunchy Asian broccoli and egg bits. It was sweet and savory, making for an exceptional dish that I could also return to, time and time again. The Thai Iced Tea ($2.50) was prepared well, which I enjoyed very much. They put just the right balance of black tea and creaminess from the milk, and enough ice cubes so that it remained cold without ever really watering down. Room Service truly surprised me. I was afraid that they would get caught up with their focus on being a swanky eye-candy type of restaurant. But not only did the ambiance win me over, but the prices were right, portions decent, and food was delicious. My only gripe was the poor table service, which somewhat took away from the theme of the restaurant. But I could easily overlook that and find myself frequenting this place for a cozy relaxed dinner, or a night out with some friends.
