I made a reservation for 12 people at this restaurant for a friend's birthday. It was a relief since most places I was calling was already fully booked for a Saturday night, and this was a Thursday that I was making phone calls. My experience here, however, could have been a lot better in my opinion. Nini's has a nice little space, with a cozy intimate interior. I was a little surprised to see that we were the only other table besides a group of 6. The wine list is amazingly affordable, I think that being the best part about our meal. Wine definitely flowed freely at our table. My biggest gripe about the place was the waitress serving us. At the start of the meal, I had asked about the Chianti that I was interested in serving, and she was like "I don't drink alcohol, but I can check with the chef if you'd like." I think if you've got a wine list, the person serving should definitely familiarize herself with it, or get a sommelier! The next question I asked was how big the small plates were, and how many I should think about ordering. Again, she gave an ambiguous answer about depending on how hungry you are, and which plates you order since some were bigger than others. Not very helpful at all. I ended up ordering 2 on my own and sharing a cheese platter with a few friends, and I was stuffed. I'd definitely have appreciated a little more guidance there. So on to the food. The cheese platter was great for sharing - very generous proportions, and what can I say, I like cheese. The cheeses they served weren't too special besides the labneh which was an interesting inclusion for a cheese platter, but it was enjoyable overall. I also ordered a special of the day - the pate en croute, and the pork osso bucco. The pate en croute definitely did not live up to my expectations. It was baked in a crust that really did not add much to the dish, in fact it might have been better without. The pate itself was not luxurious and spreadable like I expect pate to be; instead it was a little chewy, strangely enough. The osso buco was served in a little ramekin over mash with mushrooms, and that was a lot better than the pate en croute, though there were bits of bone floating around which I could have done without. To end off the meal, the waitress informed us after our group of 12 had fished out all our credit cards that their machine was down and we'd have to pay in cash. Really... $480 in cash? What kind of place was this. So most of us had to trek to the nearby ATMs to get some cash. She also presented the check with candy bars like baby ruth and butterfingers. Not to complain about free stuff, but what's with the halloween candy? I'd much rather had mints or nothing at all. Halloween candy made it feel like we were at some really cheap place. All in all, I'm not sure I would go back to this place since the food was hit and miss, the service was not good, but the wine list was affordable. I might give the trattoria a shot if they have the same wine list, and hopefully better food.
