As I have often said, I pity those poor folks who, for reasons of ignorance, snobbery, or general sloth, refuse to open their eyes to certain truths -- such as that some of the best food in New York can often be found outside the borough of Manhattan. We Park Slopers are particularly spoiled, as our habitat is packed with examples, including Applewood. I must confess that despite living just six blocks away, I have not often thought of Applewood as a preferred destination for my systematic culinary adventures. I am a fan of organic, humanely raised meats and poultry. It's just that I don't typically find myself in the grips of a deep longing for succulent pieces of braised Vermont goat. Or jumping up in the middle of the night with uncontrolled fantasies of chowing down on a nice, fat, pan roasted pheasant. (Really, what's next -- "Organic, wild local squab"? This could be *very* local: one could simply send a bus boy out into Prospect Park with a sharpened stick, on a mission to snatch a couple of the twittering birdies, before promptly roasting them to order). There is a point where, in deciding upon the menu, it begins to feel like the chefs are simply trying a bit too hard. That said, brunch is a different story. Here, Applewood shines, starting with the first sip of its truly spectacular coffee. The brunch menu offers something for everyone -- a selection of well prepared, outstandingly executed options, while managing to avoid the fussy, "desperate to be different" pitfalls of their typical dinner menus. On my most recent trip, I had the sauteed Brussels sprouts omelet, with applewood smoked bacon. Where else would a chef think to fold these happy little leafy bits into what, at many other places, would have been just another tired breakfast staple? With a flaky, golden buttermilk biscuit, a side of light, but delightfully cheesy grits, and a fruit salad that seemed cut just minutes earlier. And they also have mimosas and five separate flavors of bellinis. I do wish the dinner menu was a bit less adventurous. I crave a color scheme a bit less obsessively buttercup (Can we have just one wall that isn't so very, very yellow?). And I wish the rest of the decor (as well as the service and, to a lesser extent, the clientele) was somewhat less persistent in its recreation of a generic, deep New England guesthouse (read: quaint but decidedly cold). But the execution of the food here is tops. As a brunch option, Applewood bests any place I've eaten in Manhattan.
