Disclaimer: this is a very long and descriptive review of Sake detailing multiple bad experiences. I used to love Sake but the last few times I've been to this location it has been absolutely horrendous. Let me first say that then first time was on my own accord but if I had not been for our large party that wanted to go I would not have returned after the first time. My first bad experience was a couple years ago and was enough to turn me off. My boyfriend and I were seated in the back room past the sushi bar and we ordered the house dumpling appetizer that was supposed to be dumplings in a spicy peanut sauce. The dumplings were cold and the peanut sauce was overwhelming. It had no spice to it and was poured over the dumplings in an awful presentation. That on top of the green tea I ordered that left a terrible after taste in my mouth that tasted like seaweed. I love seaweed on my sushi and my family has made seaweed dishes before that I enjoy but the tea was not good and green tea should not taste like the sea. The rest of the meal was passable but once we were done we waited 20-30 minutes to come back which we didn't see her very often in the first place. And I mentioned where we were seated earlier because the back room is near the kitchen and near the table most of the waitresses "hang out." When I looked over I saw that our waitress was sitting there eating a meal of her own and knowing that I could see her from where we were seating I know she could see us sitting there clearly done with our meal and waiting to leave....I would've never returned but unfortunately I did.. My 2nd time returning was this past New Years Eve. A friend of mine made a reservation for 6:30 for our large party at the hibachi tables and the hostess said that would be fine. When we got there the restaurant was packed and that's completely understandable it's New Years it's bound to be busy. But the minutes start ticking by and before we know it it's 7....730....8...and it's getting ridiculous. Another customer turns to us and asks when our reservation was and when we said 630 he stated his were at 6, he was seated at 730 and they still haven't even placed they order. What's the point of making reservations? At that point we walked out and went next door to Tamarind Grill (which was phenomenal and more people should go there! Please see my review of that later on :] ) My most recent and definitely my last experience was not any better. The one star for the review is for the bartender who I wish I had gotten her name and the hibachi chefs. I know it's the chefs job to entertain and they do a very good job each time no matter how they may be feeling, they deliver. The bartender made a wonderful lychee martini for me and was very very nice. I sat down at the bar to have my drink while my friends and I waited for the rest out party. One of the managers is actually asking the bartender what she should do to help accommodate a table that was having a bad experience and the bartender suggested taking something off the bill or taking a percentage off. And then another customer comes up to the bar to speak with the manager and the bartender to complain about the waitress that was serving them. I assumed that the customer was coming from the same table that the manager and the bartender had just even talking about but who knows at this point. He tells them they were great but the waitress was very unresponsive, inattentive, and just rude. I knew we shouldn't have come back...were seated at our hibachi table and we have the waitress the table had just complained about. She rudely places our plates in front of us (also placing my boyfriends plate on his menu while he's looking at it) and throwing the napkins down in front of us. The overall feel was that they couldn't be bothered by us. From the moment we ordered our food they rushed us out of there. We were barely through our meals when they asked if we wanted boxes and how we would like to handle our checks. I hadn't even finished, or even could've if I wanted to, my sushi/sashimi (which was okay until one piece I ate tasted very fishy) and they started turning the lights off on us because it was their closing time...I can understand wanting to close your restaurant but that is just downright rude and we weren't even the last people in there. I will not go back to eat there if I can help it. You're way better off going to tamarind grill next door not for sushi obviously but for an excellent meal, tasty drinks, and a far better overall experience. For sushi? Drive another maybe 30 seconds down the for Ginza. The waiters are so polite, respectful, and they'll remember their returning customers.
