Took my wife and some friends to Marrakesh last year for her 40th birthday and everyone loved it. It is truly a unique dining experience. It is located on a small side street and can be difficult to find. You need to knock on the door to be invited in as if it were somebody's home. We were escorted upstairs to a room that had sofas and low tables, was dimly lit and had tapestries on the wall. Our group occupied 2 of the four tables in the room. You start off by washing your hands with rose water since you will be eating with your hands all evening. It seemed very ritualistic, which to me made the experience more authentic. The meal is served in six courses. Prior to the first course, the server brings a basket of pita bread that you use to pick up and eat the food. The first course is a sort of appetizer course of different salads. There are three salads served on one plate - eggplant in tomato sauce, cucumbers and red bell peppers and oasis carrots and cucumbers. I'm not a huge eggplant fan, but if it was made like this all the time, I would eat it regularly. The flavor profiles were incredible. The seasoning on all the dishes was perfect. The second course is called B'stella. It is a a seasoned ground chicken and nut pie with eggs, almonds and onions and is topped with confectioner's sugar. It was a little dry, but tasty. The third course is the first of 2 main courses. Since we had a large group, we ordered on lemon and olive chicken and one spicy chicken. The lemon and olive chicken was very good, but the spicy chicken was incredible. So moist and tender. Falling off the bone and just the right amount of flavor with heat in the sauce. The fourth course we had one beef shish kebabs and one lamb with almonds and honey. I was a little disappointed in the kebabs. They were extremely dry. Had they been cooked properly they would have been amazing because the meat was very flavorful from whatever they marinate it in. The lamb was very good. Tasty and tender. The fifth course was a couscous with chickpeas, vegetables and raisins. By this time, between all the other courses plus the bread, we were pretty full. I had a taste of this and wished I had saved more room. The sixth course is a dessert course of fresh fruit and pastries. Nothing spectacular here. Prior to the dessert course a belly dancer came into our room and put on a show. It was a nice touch and everyone enjoyed it, even the women. A few of us even got up and joined in. As a beer drinker, my biggest disappointment of the night was the fact that they were out of the Moroccan beer. I like having beers brewed from the region that the food is from. While I'm sure the beer itself was probably nothing to write home about (just a basic lager), it would have been a good final touch to the authenticity of the meal. Instead, I had Yuengling. Overall, a great dining experience for the price, and I will definitely go back with some friends.
