This is a place that I was really excited to try bases on all of the glowing reviews, but wasn't wowed. This location has a handful of outdoor tables and a maze of rooms with plenty of tables inside. I tried Sabrina's over the weekend and came around 9:30am. There was no wait. We sat inside at a two-seater table with another two-seater ONE FOOT away. I really hate places that cramp customers like sardines at the cost of experience for their own gain. We sat next to another couple and practically shared a meal together. I get it's a business and businesses make money, but....customers don't like to pay to eat with strangers. Decor is country-thrift-store-chic. The house is in need of remodeling but because of this theme it's disguised with all of crafty bottles, paint-peeling-pails, etc. The menu was pretty extensive with regular items, regular unique items and a page of brunch specials named after the Netflix show, Orange is the New Black. A lot of the dishes were really unique. I really don't recommend coming here if you are looking for classic breakfast/brunch items with a modern twist. It's more like classic brunch items with a very creative twist. We had the lox bagel dish and pancakes with homefries and bacon. The lox bagel dish was just OK. There was nothing inherently wrong with it, but there also wasn't anything impressive. Bagel was fresh. Salmon was fresh. Wished the lettuce and tomatoes weren't cut so small so they would better fit on the bagel. The homefries at first tasted like they weren't cooked all the way, but it was just the top few. They seem to be cubed and then baked, served with sweet sauteed onions - we really loved this! The bacon tasted like Oscar Mayer bacon - thin and lacking a bold bacon flavor. Coffee tasted burnt. Pancakes were just a little bit undercooked. They were fluffy, but had a lingering doughy mouth feel. The service was good. We were really surprised at how quick our food came out, though in retrospect we ordered relatively effortless items on the menu. I really wanted to be wowed by Sabrina's especially because of their long-line reputation, but it didn't do it for me. I would be willing to try another location in case it was just an off-day at the Italian Marker one.
