Oh my have the lines at this establishment gotten longer and longer over the years! And for good reason, one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. Their bread is great, their meat is juicy and their provolone cheese is nice and sharp. In my personal opinion, though, its those toppings that sell it for me every time. The broccoli rabe, the spinach, even the roasted peppers are incredible, very heavy on the garlic and a little red pepper flake. The best greens served at any of the Philly sandwich shops. I also love the atmosphere, but unlike my wife, I am not adverse to crowds, if you are, the Reading Terminal Market will drive you crazy! Still, however, I have to rank it below Tony Luke's and John's on the roast pork, even though the bread and toppings and atmosphere might be better here. Its just the meat is not better, its close and really good, but not. Tony Luke's meat is a tad bit juicer and John's is a tad bit more flavorful. All in all, however, you simply cannot go wrong with a roast pork sandwich here (or roast beef).. What this place does have going for though is its the Italian-style pulled pork. Now this is some incredible stuff and I highly recommend it. Top it with greens and sharp provolone, just like a roast pork sandwich, and its probably one of the best sandwiches I have ever had and blows away any cheesesteak.  Before it closed, i used to laugh at the suckers lined up at Rick's for a cheesesteak, did they not know about DiNic's a few rows down?  Unlike the brisket sandwich here, the pulled pork lacks any and all BBQ/tomato/smoke flavor. Its pretty much very moist pulled pork with a hint of Italian seasonings. It is divine. I am not a huge fan of the brisket sandwich, although I know many who are. The sausage is also good, but not many order it here with so many other outstanding options. For me 9 times out of 10 its the Italian-style pulled pork... mmmm.... TIP: If your with three people or less why not sit and eat? You don't have to wait in that long line to order, just wait for someone to get up and sit down. Also they do run out of food sometimes later int he day, best to try and get here before 2:00 if you are making a trip.
