This has become my go-to place for first and/or second dates (sadly there haven't been many of the latter lately). For the last 2 months I've been doing a lot of online dating  -- more than I'd prefer. One woman who phoned me asked why I'm so popular on a certain site (Nerve) and I was taken aback. Popular? What makes you think that I am popular? I asked. She answered: you're listed on the "most popular" list. I had no idea that such a list even existed. I'm not bragging -- actually I'm confessing. Being most popular merely indicates I've had a lot of verbal exchanges with women on that site and reveals, I think, how desperate and lonely I am. Anyway, when it gets to the point when we agree to meet for a drink, I almost always suggest Employees Only. I do this for several reasons. We usually meet around 7 and the place at that time is not very crowded, so we can find each other easily, chat without shouting, and the mood is relaxed -- sophisticated, but warm and convivial. The decor is in that speakeasy style so popular these days. So there's a hint of decadence, or at least a bit of funkiness. The drinks are wonderful, imaginative and expertly built. They take their mixology very seriously there -- the barmen's shirts have designations of rank, such as "apprentice" or "principal bartender," I think. The staff are very cordial and attentive, but they don't hover. The dining tables are in the back away from the bar on a slightly elevated floor. So it feels a little special when first being seated. In the dining section the interior seats are actually a couch that wraps around the wall so if things go well your date can invite you to sit beside them and you can canoodle. It's also romantically lit, with candles on the tables. And the music has improved from when I first started going there. It's now appropriately soft and sensual. Another nice thing is that, if the date is going well, you can stay there and enjoy dinner -- the food is very good, and there are enough choices to accommodate a vegetarian palate (but not vegan). It's gotten to the point that the doorman and I have developed a high-fiving and even hugging relationship. This is good because it shows my date that I'm a friendly guy, but it's also bad because it divulges that I bring a lot of women there. In fact, one date even insisted we not go there because she didn't want to be just another in a long line of women who I brought there. I reassured her that the place held no special romantic memories, or else I'd not still be dating. Actually, unfortunately, that is pretty much the truth. As the evening goes on the place becomes packed, so if you want a more festive atmosphere you can stay and enjoy that, too. If not, there are lots of other entertaining places nearby to which you can stroll. And yes, they also have a fortune teller in the anteroom for a little extra fun, if you're so inclined. In sum, I highly recommend the place, whether you're dating or just meeting a group of friends.
