I was getting ready to gear up for a big day of tireless apartment hunting on Wednesday and was trying to think of the best way to jump start my day, either going to my favorite coffee shop (where I used to work! Thank You!), or go treat myself to a belly full of a hot breakfast. Well I must admit that my stomach whining protestingly at just coffee I decided there was no better place to go than Sabrina's. I have been there before on the weekend, so I know the wait can seem grueling. Knowing that it is such a popular place though I always find that calling before I leave the house to get on the waiting list really helps. However this day was a weekday so I took my chances at not calling. I arrived at 9:30am and walked in to a mostly empty setting. Now since anytime I have gone before I've sat outside this was the first time I pierced the inner sanctum. It is actually quite large inside as the separation of dining areas makes for a deceiving outer appearance. When one of the servers saw us modestly peeking around a corner she happily ushered us into the hustle and bustle of the main (that day) breakfast nook. We sat down at one of the tables for two. And I have to say this was the only time I felt a little nervous. You see I am a bit clumsy ( okay a lot) and the confines of the claustrophobic table set me a little unease. The table had a bowl for creamers, a bowl for butter, sugar dish, ketchup, hot sauce, salt, and pepper. I understood the necessity so anytime my dining partner wasn't looking I just slowly pushed it closer to their side of the table. Our waitress was prompt and bubbly just like a freshly squeezed orange juice and a fresh pot of coffee. I felt that this was the way that all of us should feel that early in the morning. Her service throughout our meal was impeccable and we left an extra big tip! Walking in I all ready knew what was to be ordered. I had coffee, Blue Cheese Frittata, Stuffed Caramelized Challah French Toast, and a side of scrapple (we decided to just split  things). The waitress brought out our delicious smelling meal and I was eager to devour as much as I could. They went so far as to even split the dishes in half for us! That was terribly convenient! This way there was no envious grumbling as one of us scarfed down one plate while the other looked on menacingly. The frittata was a giant fluffy slice of goodness. It has spinach, mushrooms, and bacon in it, along with blue cheese. Every bite was scrumptious and delicious. It was not dry (which I hate). The french toast is stuffed with banana and a farmer's cheese (which I find similar to a danish filling but, way better). The vanilla maple syrup is poured on at the perfect amount, not to little but, not drowning the entire dish either. The bread used is the largest I have come across, and I have seen giant Texas french toast in my day! It is a sweet taste for the breakfast enthusiast. I savor every crumb! Even with two voraciously hungry people chipping away at the tasty delights, there was no way either of us could finish. The waitress gladly wrapped the rest of it up for us. Our bill was under $25 which for the portions and unrivaled taste I am more than accepting to pay. I really think that is a great bargain for great food, great service, and a great atmosphere!
