No-messing-way. Last minute decisions, last minute dinner plans always work out for the best it seems. Pour moi, at least. A little foodie spontaneity never killed me before. What's a food adventure without the element of surprise, right? Sunday evening , I met my dear friend Jess, her boyfriend Peter and their good friend Bryan at Bouley. A semi-planned evening, seeing that she invited me the week before but not so since I only confirmed the evening of. Not cool, I know. Anyhoo, I was pretty sure we were about to dive into another world. I was excited. I still am, to be honest. We ordered the Chef's Menu - 6 courses of utter awesomeness in my mouth - with the wine pairing. Favourite picks of the evening: porcini flan, Maine lobster, spring lamb, and the chocolate-walnut spiced bread. I've never had a porcini flan but I  found myself savouring every bite as if it were my last.. and this was only the first tasting. The black dashi, I am convinced, brought out the mushroom flavours to the point of sheer appreciation. The chervil sauce served with the lobster had the perfect lemon-y kick all seafood craves and the parsnip cloud was pretty. Yes, it was pretty. Pretty in presentation and pretty great tasting as well. The spring lamb was hearty and comforting - swiss chard, kale, garlic shoots and potato puree rounded the dish very well. Lastly, I was happy I ended with the chocolate-walnut spiced bread. Not as heavy as it might sound and with a cappuccino, the coziness of the evening wrapped itself around the insides of my tummy. As mentioned, I think awesomeness in my mouth pretty much covers it all. Taste for yourself, I say. As with any tasting/prix fixe menu, timing and portion size are both extremely important. Leaving Bouley, I did not feel over served in both wine and food. The best kind of feeling, really, because not only did we have a fantastical leisure evening wining and dining, we most certainly felt spoiled as well. Oh! Did I mention the insane bread cart? Not a basket, a cart! See, I'm in love. Service was impeccable, the bread  tasted as if I were in France again, and the cozy warm space was most welcomed. Mixed reviews or not, my time at Bouley was memorable and I can only hope I'll make another trip before leaving NYC. Je t'aime!
