Long review that mostly pertains to management.  Short story is- don't get the cheddar/apple omelet.  Long story is- hipsters managing anything is never a good thing. Sabrina's, Sabrina's, Sabrina's...what a place!  I'm devoted to the location on the Italian Market; I go there about once every two months or so.  I've even gone for dinner before and had a very pleasant experience.  The two words that come to mind for this place are: consistently wonderful.  So one day I decided to try the Fairmount/Art Museum location.  The atmosphere was very retro chic, the hipsters were oh-so present and the staff was in their usual self involved, semi- friendly state- you know, the norm.   When it came time to order, I decided to go with a semi-normal (or so I thought) dish that was on the healthier side- an omelet with cheddar and apples.  After being served, I took my first bite and couldn't believe my taste buds; there was cinnamon in the apples..no wait- the apples were baked and COVERED in cinnamon.  HUH?  Not only was this not explained on the menu, it seemed to be a pretty standard dish, which was I went with it. Due to the extremely busy morning, our server never returned to the table, but across the way I saw a hipster who was well dress and seemed to be smiling- must be a manager, I thought.  Naturally, he made his way over to my table and asked how my meal was.  My response was "well, I ordered this omelet with apples but was surprised to see cinnamon in it". His response was "what are you allergic?".  "No", I said, "But it doesn't state that on the menu and it just seems like an odd choice for an omelet".  "Well", he said, "that's Sabrina's! We are constantly coming up with interesting combinations".  He then walked away.   Listen, dude.  (playing the manager card-), I get and even said that I know Sabrina's very well and frequent it (and always order their specials).  All *I* was saying was that you should state that there is cinnamon on the (baked) apples in the menu- that's all.  Not only were you obnoxious and overly dismissive, you could have CARED less about the obvious.  I am a manager myself, and would never even think about handling an upset customer that way.  All you had to say was "Sorry about that- you make a good point.  How about a free dessert"?  POOF- the whole thing would have been over and I probably would have declined the dessert.  Instead-  all of the members in my party commented on how unbelievably rude you were, and we all left with a sour (actually sweet) taste in our mouths. Think I'll stick with the Italian Market location.
