look past the odd location in the unassuming strip mall and hightail it over to ploy siam, like, asap. you will not regret it. warning: you'll want to come back. i've dined at ploy siam dozens of times now- i've brought dates, friends, parents, etc. and have yet to be disappointed. the food is 5-star worthy, but the service is hit-or-miss- i've had attentive waiters/waitresses, and i've also waited a painfully long time for some attention. food-wise, i tend to favor the curries and have tried them all except the yellow (not a fan of pineapple). The green, musamun, panang, and red curries are all super delicious with a good balance of heat and coconut milk creaminess. you choose your level of spiciness, which is nice for different palates and tolerance levels. any of the curry options can be served with chicken, beef, seafood, or vegetables and a side of white rice. all are delicious, though i prefer the seafood option- a medly of mussels, scallops, shrimp, and squid with vegetables. just writing this review, i'm starting to crave some! the other entree offerings are fantastic as well- pad thai is superb, crazy noodles are great, pad basil and pad kra pow are flavorful and aromatic, duck is perfectly crispy... i can go on forever! appetizers aren't my favorite thing, but most i've tried have been yummy: the chicken and beef satays are nicely done with yummy sauces, the spring rolls are light and crispy, the golden bags (fried stuffed pouches) come with a really delicious dipping sauce. one of the only app i wouldn't order again is the fresh roll- the amount of cilantro was way overpowering for my taste. i've only eaten one dessert here, and it is my favorite: sticky rice with mango. i would eat here just for that dessert. the sticky rice is always perfectly done, the coconut cream sauce is not overly sweet or runny, and the mango pairs perfectly. seriously, don't miss this place if you're in the area. you'll quickly forget you're in a strip mall- the decor inside is beautiful. definite bonus: it's a byob!
