Love Pazzo's, I go there for lunch quite often with friends from work.  I have to say I always order the same two things, depending on whether I'm feeling like a nice warm comforting dish or a fresh tasting sandwich.  I have tasted a few of their other menu items however and will do my best to recount. Most of the time I order their rigatoni boscaiola - penne in a creamy red sauce with mushrooms and sausage.  I'm not even a sausage person (I like the flavor but not the texture) and this dish is absolutely delicious.  Everyone I've recommended it to agrees. The panini I typically order is called the Ovoline - fresh mozzarella with tomatoes and basil on foccacia.  Nicely salted (once it was oversalted), and served with... I think chips but I usually get the side salad instead.  Side salad is fine, nothing I'd rave about. The desserts are wonderful - that chocolate peanut butter thing another reviewer mentioned is delicious as is the molten lava chocolate volcano dessert which they heat up before serving.  I do believe they still carry gelato although I've never had it there myself. Honestly, probably because I've been there for lunch so often, I haven't been bothered too much by the atmosphere - I can see why some reviewers might not be thrilled with it if going for dinner.  There is a mix of tables and booths and they are fairly close to one another.  I never noticed the carpet.  The only thing I really don't like is if you have to use the washroom, you have to go back through the room they use for private events.  So, if they have a private event going on and you need to use the washroom, plan to feel a little awkward when you're walking through.   I personally really enjoy the BYOB aspect.  It does cut down on the cost which is not the most important factor but at least you know your bill isn't going to be ridiculous, and if you have a nice wine shop or belong to any wine clubs it's a nice way to enjoy a good bottle and not have to spend a fortune. Friends have had, and I've tasted, the pasta with eggplant and smoked mozzarella (very good but I still prefer the boscaiola) and the eggplant parm panini - very very good.
