I am downgrading my opinion of Kefi from it's old location...  Now it's a megaspace, churning out massive amounts of moderatly priced Greek food.  Last night was packed, which I am told is always the case.  Little did I know that the New York Times review of it came out yesterday too...  But, it only got one star from Frank Bruni.  That certainly wasn't a deterrant, people were seated at the bar waiting to be served.  There was barely room to stand and wait for a table.   They were running late - I wasn't seated until after 9 for an 8:45 reservation.  I was glad to be seated downstairs.  It is much more of an intimate, cozy setting versus the high ceilings of upstairs, and a little quieter too.  It's more like the old space downstairs.   The special was lamb chops (which has been a "special" everytime I eat here).  When they came out, we were a little disappointed.  It wasn't as melt-in-your-mouth savory delicious as it used to be.  I think actually chewy might describe it.  We ate them like lollipops as an appetizer and moved on.  I ordered a sardine salad.  Well, the menu described it as a salad, but it turned out to be sardine fillets with a chopped vegetable salsa like thing that was really garlicky.  Now that I look at the menu again, "Greek Salad" is in quotes, which I guess means that the chopped thing on top was an interpretation of Greek Salad.  Anyway, it was too boney for me, I woudn't recommend it. For the entree I ordered the Pork Medallions with spicy peppers, lemon and capers.  It indeed was medallions, three thin slices of pork.  It was swimming in a lemon olive oil sauce, with lots of shaved fennel, capers, olives, peppers, more capers and olives.  It was like a cole slaw on top of the pork.  Luckily, I like salty things.  This fit the bill, each mouthful was a tangy lemony bite.  Pork was almost lost in the flavor though.  The fish dishes looked the same from before, my dining companions ate every bite and were happy.  I would recommend the green beans side - they were snappy and lightly seasoned.   I think Kefi is still a budget friendly place to share a good meal.  I am sad that it's no longer a small, gem find for people in the know.  It's now an always packed restaurant on a large scale.
