Actually 4.5 stars We chose Market Table for a Sunday dinner with my boyfriends parents.   My BF's mom likes her food organic, and we were all meeting up with a relative from Korea so we wanted somewhere relatively quiet and calm to catch up.  I was going for Westville style super-fresh food with a more upscale ambiance.   Ambiance:  Super cute, clean, brick exposed with a lot of plants, and large windows.  Quiet enough to have a real conversation and catch up!  If you want West Village ambiance but not sit neck and neck with each other, this place gives you the space to breathe! Service: prompt, polite, attentive FOOD:   Pan Roasted Chicken ($22)- sweet potato salad, bok choy, hazelnuts.  My boyfriend could not stop asking "how did they make this chicken so juicy?"  I had a bite, and it was truly delicious, crispy, and moist.  Both people who ordered this LOVED it.  I would say this is the most bang for your buck delicious dish here..which I would usually never say about ordering a chicken dish at a nicer restaurant since anyone can make decent chicken at home without any real culinary skills.  It was that YUMMY and the price compared to other dishes was on the lower end. Seared Diver Sea Scallops ($28)- butternut squash, mushrooms, brusels, pear mostarda.  Beautiful dish but not exactly a crowd favorite... Braised Short Ribs ($28)- pasnip mousse, greens, horserasdish crumbs. I think this was the most popular dish I saw people get at the restaurant as a whole, and it was the most impressive looking.  Our guest finished his up til the last bite.  And..it was massive. Beet Salad ($11)- goat cheese, horseradish creme, soft herbs, hazelnuts.  Technically an appetizer, I ordered this and the brussel sprouts together because I wanted more veggies.  This beet salad was delicious and light and the tomatoes were amazing! The flavors all bended together perfectly.  Delicious.   Brussel Sprouts ($8)- Bacon, Pears, Pecans.  OMG THESE BRUSSEL SPROUTS were SO good..the bacon was zommmmmmggg....these def topped the brussel sprouts at Westville.   Old Bay Fries ($6)-  these were a group favorite and were shared aka DEMOLISHED.  Can't go wrong with Oldbay seasoning... For Dessert, we had 2 scoops of pear sorbet.  Seriously tasted like a frozen pear..and they didn't skimp on the scoops either.   Our table was missing some sort of fish...so if were to order one more dish I would have chose the Halibut which is supposedly amazing as well.  Next time... Market Table was a good choice for the occasion..great food, modern european ambiance, but $$$. If you want a "nicer dinner" but not particularly a super upscale dining experience, this is a great place to have a high quality and nonfussy meal.
