Thus says the New York Times:  "The meat is juicy and far more delicious than any $11 plate of chicken has any right to be." It was official: I had to try it.  I alerted one of my closest (and formerly southern-most) friends living in the area and declared "We're going!"  And so, we did.  On a Thursday night in late September, we took the trip from Manhattan to Brooklyn in search of, arguably, the best fried chicken in New York. Pitch black and brisk, we strolled down 4th Street until we found a tiny place on a corner bearing the name Pies 'n' Thighs.  To be truthful, the restaurant itself is nothing special.  Call me vain, but I was underwhelmed by the facade and furniture, which seemed a bit dilapidated and cheap.  Still, you can't judge a book by its cover.  So I pressed on. Disclaimer:  I hate greasy, heavy food.  With a burning passion and deep disgust.  Yet somehow, here I was in the fried chicken capital of Brooklyn.  We sat down and ordered two fried chicken boxes (three pieces of golden-brown fried chicken and a buttery biscuit) with macaroni and cheese.  Monochromatic and fat-laden?  Hell yes.  Delicious?  Surprisingly, also yes.  The chicken was moist and flavorful, not at all what I'd expected.  The biscuit was wonderfully flaky and buttery.  Thankfully, the macaroni and cheese was too spicy for my personal taste.  But before you question why I say "thankfully," dear readers, the best is about to come. The former in the restaurant's name followed the latter.  The pie.  Banana creme pie so wonderful you could plop your face down into it and feel like you were in heaven.  The crust was perfectly flaky, with a layer of sliced bananas on top.  I couldn't even tell you what made it so incredibly delicious, but whatever it was I want more of it in my life.  A lot more. So despite my initial judgment of the place's appearance, I found my (very, very full) self walking blissfully back to the train.  As a person who prefers light food above all others, I'd probably not rush back for the fried chicken, though it was hands-down the best I've ever had.  But if I ever return to Brooklyn, I'll definitely take a detour for another slice of that pie.
