UPDATE: Since Hassan has made various additions to the menu, I am compelled to write an update to the review I wrote earlier. The new additions are the kabobs, meals and soups...perfect for the cooler weather. The meals are wholesome and like 'home-made meals', especially the daals. The Shami kabobs are excellent!! Having a sweet tooth, the newly added sweets also caught my eye. I tried the ras malai and carrot halwa, and they are delicious! In spite of all these additions, one thing is the same - Hassan's enthusiasm and love for what he does. The taste and quality of all his products is consistently good! Its already a regular haunt for me, but with the frequent, new and absolutely lip-smacking additions Hassan is always making, it is a fun trip everytime! Whenever I go there, I have this question - what new, yummy thing will Hassan have today? And I must say, I have never been disappointed! ------------------------ Coming from the land of chaat and lassis, I must say, I am impressed! I discovered it, right on its second day of existence, and rejoiced to find not just chaats and lassis, but awesome milkshakes, shaved ice and FRESH SQUEEZED juices. So far, I have been here about 5 times, getting something new each time. Usually, I am the kind who sticks to my favorites and is wary of venturing onto something new, but this place has so many tempting options, that you just have to try them. The chaats are quite authentic with all the chaat-imperative sauces and ingredients spot on. I especially love the aloo paapri chaat and the dhokla chaat. Hassan, the owner, is enthusiastic and is really proud of the products he serves. He especially prides himself on selling fresh juices, which true to the word and absolutely fresh, delicious and refreshing, with no preservatives or sugar, Hassan proudly states. He is generous and gives you samplers the juices ready - the latest addition to the list is grape juice, quite delicious. My favorites are the orange juice and apple juice, with the carrot juice and beet juice following at a close second place. The lassis and the milkshakes are divine! My choice would be: the all-berry lassi and the saffron milk-shake (Hassan made me a special one, after I told him that I like cooling flavor of sandalwood too). Gotta go there!
