I'm not one to place a heavy emphasis on my birthday mostly because it falls between Thanksgiving and Christmas and growing up meant that when birthday parties really started to mean something (middle school/high school) that I had to be conscious of friends budgets drawing near to the holiday season. With that mindset in place, I've never gone out of my way to plan anything extravagant but have always valued great friends around a table sharing wine and having a few good laughs. The last two years I have booked a table in my neighborhood at Ulivo because not only is it close, but their food is great, they're BYO, and they've always been more than accommodating. Last year my lady loves and I kicked off the evening around the corner at Lacquer Lounge for a little pampering and boozing before dinner and finished the night at Ela so truth be told, most of dinner and onward was a blur. This year however, turning 30 meant having a bigger dinner with more friends and given that this would be taking place the Sunday after Thanksgiving, needed to find a restaurant that could seat us all and be flexible on the menu. After a few calls to other neighborhood restaurants I realized that it was going to be a challenge finding a spot that had availability for close to 20, but that also didn't demand us to participate in a multi-course tasting menu. My friends are not cheap by any means and would have made the table worth their waiters while, but that was not my decision to make and so at the last minute I decided to give Ulivo a shot to do a 29th birthday remix. When discussing options with the restaurant on how to handle a party of 18 they suggested doing family style appetizers and an abbreviated entree menu. My only requests were that the (excuse my french) bomb ass gnocchi with truffle butter made it onto the menu, as well as the hanger steak because many of the guys are strict carnivores; all was taken into consideration and we arrived at 6:00 to a menu that showcased 5 appetizers including: a raddichio and apple salad that even my boyfriend ate (an absolute shock), fresh mozzarella with roasted peppers, a salumi/cheese board, loads of olives and spiced almonds, breads and olive oils, and orrechiette with a delicious lamb ragu. My only complaint on appetizers was that the lamb ragu came on one plate for each of our two tables as opposed to the three or four for every other appetizer. With the pasta only on the one plate and no notice from the servers that this was the only dish not to be served in multiples, not everyone had the chance to try it. I guess that's a small price to pay, they didn't seem terribly upset by it, but I still would have liked for them to have had their share. Dinner options were their gnocchi with truffle butter and spinach, I want to say striped bass with maitake mushrooms but I could be way off (I only tried the mushrooms off of Aaliyah P's plate and they were delicious), their well known chicken alla matone (though I don't think anyone ordered it), and a hanger steak with crispy potatoes. I honestly think that 14 of the 18 in attendance ordered the gnocchi and no one was disappointed. Dinner was capped off with orders of sorbet and coffee, they serve ReAnimator a local favorite in Philadelphia, and everyone left with full stomachs, happy wine buzzes and I got exactly what I wanted....my favorite people around two big tables at a nice neighborhood BYO. Thanks Ulivo for doing birthdays right two years in a row!
