I am in town for a conference and after a spectacular evening at Tinto the previous night,my party of four was really looking forward to another great evening at Amada, owned by the same person. What an overwhelmingly disappointing dining experience we had here. From the moment we entered the NOT VERY CROWDED restaurant, we encountered arrogant, rude, and dismissive staff. It was so universally offensive that it became laughable. It began at the bar where the bartender poured our glasses with the bottle of red wine we selected. When we asked for refills she insisted we had not ordered the bottle (WE HAD) and opened a new bottle and charged us for both the three glasses AND the bottle. The first bottle we had been served from had been opened for us, but she was indignant and rude about her mistake. The four of us gathered at the bar with one chairs slightly pulled from the edge of the bar (not at all blocking any walkway since we were near the entrance to the dining room) and the hostess came to us and rudely expressed our fire hazard seating.  She did not give us any update on our table or offer to explain why more than five tables were sitting empty while we waited for 50 minutes to be seated. There were more than a dozen empty tables in the place when we finally sat down. The food was good, really good, but for me, going out to dinner is like going to a show. The dinner is not a preamble to a later activity - dinner is the activity, especially at a Tapas place.  It shouldn't be a evening just to satiate hunger, but rather it should be a lovely evening from start to finish, worthy of a $400 check at the end of the meal. Spend your dollars at more polished, appreciative, professionally staffed restaurants like Tinto or Amis, where our $350-$400 dining experience left us with a full stomach and a memorable evening of pleasure. Where was the Amada manager in all this? I have no idea, but he or she should be ashamed.  The Amada manager should spend an evening at Amis and then come back and train the staff.  Incredibly disappointing!!!
