--good burgers --chill atmosphere --sort of attentive waiter --waitstaff fighting in our direct view (which was kind of cool honestly but totally unprofessional) A friend and I have been planning a city trip since February and finally got to do it last Friday. The stops included Umami burger and Big Gay Ice Cream. It was hot as hell Friday so walking into this place was beautiful and air conditioned. I'm not sure if there was no hostess or if they were just MIA when we walked in--we ended up sitting at the bar because no one really told us what else to do. There were what appeared to be 2 large groups at the door, and the place isn't huge so we saw seats and jumped at them. Our server was the bartender and he was a cool enough guy. He seemed to have his spiel down pretty good as he delivered it to us. We decided on fries, onion rings, a manly burger, and the duck burger. Food took a little bit to come out but since everything is made to order we kind of expected that. They had some decent beers on tap, I think we went with a Bronx pale ale, it was pretty good, not too hoppy. Our food comes out and we are oh so happy. We split the burgers and dove in. The duck burger....eh. Skip it. Too  much chinese 5 spice...in fact that's literally all you taste. The duck itself was completely masked so this was a huge diappointment. The many burger on the other hand was delicious...a tad salty IMO but it had lardons so whatever. The fries were perfect and crispy little shoestrings of love, and the onion rings were near perfect aside from the fact that they needed salt. This place was big on NO SUBSTITUTIONS so i didn't dare ask for salt. So would I go here again? Absolutely. There were a few things tho that kind of irked us. Our server was awesome but he literally did not check on us once while we ate. We probably would have ordered another round if he had---but whatevs. Second thing, toward the end of our meal 2 of the servers were getting into some kind of argument and they were doing it right in plain sight of customers. They were toward the kitchen but still, get it together. The best part was the manager, at least we assume he was the manager dressed in a button down shirt looking different than everyone else just casually told them to cut it out and then walked away. Meanwhile several other servers got involved and tried to keep the 2 apart, manager guy wasn't very effective. Final verdict--GO here, the burgers are worth it.
