My first attempt to eat at Hakata TonTon was a failure on my part.  I have called ahead to the restaurant for a reservation, and the waitress was able to fit me in a 1.5 hour block in between reservations on the Sunday of the memorial weekend.  Upon walking into the restaurant 20 minutes pass our reservation time, we were delighted to find the restaurant half occupied.  Unfortunately, the waitress informed us that these tables were reserved for the other parties, and that we won't have enough time for our meal.  The waitress was extremely nice and took down my number in case a table may open up.  I was impressed with the their reservation policy and the professionalism of the waitress. Most restaurants would have given those empty tables away before the next reservation arrive.   After roaming in the village for 1.5 hour, we have decided to dine at Minado in Little Ferry instead.  My phone rang as I entered the Holland Tunnel, but I have already reached the point of no return.  Both the waitress and I were extremely disappointed and she was truly apologetic over the phone, that left soft spot in my heart for Hakata Ton Ton. Two weeks later It was a rainy Saturday afternoon, a friend and i were driving from DC to NY in the hope to get the last Balenciaga Anthracite Bag.  Upon our arrival, we were informed that the last bag was sold out two hours ago.  As I sensed the heat from my friend's evil stare for only driving 90 mph on the turnpike instead of 120 mph, I was quick to suggest that we should eat at Hakata TonTon for dinner that evening. Luckily we were able to land a table for three, and also found a spot right out front.  The restaurant was filled with a pleasant aroma, a mixture of hot pot and bbq.  For the three of us, we ordered Pork Jumbo Yakitori - Imagine a big skewer of bacon...yum...bacon Grilled Pork Tonsoku - Pork Knuckles, it was nicely grilled, tender, and manicured Himi's Famous Homemade Gyoza - To much of our disappointment, the gyoza was similar to other restaurants.  We should have known, we didn't really know who Himi was. HAKATA TONTON Hot Pot - This has a nice aroma, the hot pot was filled with complex flavors.  This was perfect for a cool rainy evening.  I wish it was a little bit bigger.....Right? Skee-lo? Ice-Cream - sesame, green-tea, this was actually quite good. Overall, it was a nice dining experience, a wonderful place for a group of friends to enjoy some homemade Japanese cuisine and hang out.  The wait staff was extremely nice and never rushed us in anyway, however, it was a bit on the expensive side for the amount of food.  Therefore I would give it a 3.5.  Dammit Yelp! Guess we will round it up to a 4.
