My bf and I were in the area and we decided to try this place out.  I had heard good things about it, so we figured what the heck. We walked in and took in the ambiance.  It was exactly what you would expect from restaurant attached to a hotel.  There were fake grape vines hanging all over the place, the chairs appeared to be upholstered with fabric, until you touched it, and realized it was actually vinyl.  It was interesting.  The brickwork was nice. We were seated promptly and ordered two glasses of  house red (we didn't notice the wine list at this point, and our server did not point it out to us)  I thought it was ok, bf didnt care for it. Along with the wine they brought out bread with mozzerella cheese and a dish of olives.  The bread was good, the olives had a licorice taste to them..Not a fan of that.  I also thought it was bizarre that this authenic italian restaurant  did not bring out oil with the bread. To start we had the stuffed meatballs.  We found the meatballs to be flavorless, but the cheese and sauce in the dish somewhat compensated for it.  Meatballs had a good consistency.   As entrees we had the rigatoni vodka and steak bruchetta flatbread.  The pasta vodka had an interesting look.  It was glistening, and kind of looked plastic, adorned with a nice basil leaf on top.  The rigatoni was cooked well...al-dente.  The sauce was another story.  It was super heavy, greasy,  and not very flavorful (no basil flavor).  I have NEVER had a vodka  sauce like that.  Some of the peas were cold inside...maybe frozen?  Thumbs down on that dish, I really was expecting more. The steak bruchetta consisted of 3 slices of bread.  Each slice had a slice of tomato, gorgonzola, mozzerella, steak, and balsamic reduction.  There was very nice rosemary sprig on top.  No trace of rosemary  flavor in the dish however.  I was also not expecting a whole slice of tomato  (not a fan)...was expecting more of a chopped tomato, similar to what you typically see in a bruchetta.  After removing the tomato and scraping the gorgonzola from the tomato onto the flatbread we dug in.....or tried to.  We really could have used a better knife than the standard table knife...The bread was hard as a rock, which was fine, as it was toasted in the oven.  However, it was more of a challenge to get through the bread than it was to get through the steak.  The steak was cooked nicely, and not tough.  The flavors were all there, but I couldnt get past the hard bread. Service was not too great.  Our server was nice, but our water was NEVER refilled, and it took some time to get our check.  Note that they were also not busy at that point.   Overall:  Cheesy ambiance, some dishes were good, some were terrible, service was blah.  Seems like place for families.  There were quite a few tables with kids and it looked like the kids were able to watch them make pizzas.  I think it was typical of a hotel restaurant, and a big let down in terms of italian food.  Pasta really was similar to what you would find at an Olive Garden. We felt ill for the remainder of the night.  There are so many italian restaurants in NJ, I would urge you to try others before come coming here... BTW, the bar/lounge was jumping.
