The knowledge that going back to a place that has been good in the past, continues its brand of perfection in its style of cuisine, is greatly comforting. A lot of barbecue places seem to tone down their standard of quality and pride, which make for occasional unpleasant surprises when the day hasn't been the greatest in the smoker or the cooks have been lax with their attention to quality and consistency. Not so at Mighty Quinn's. I have had only good food there, and they've even improved. The smoked brisket is what draws me there, first and foremost. I have had their brisket numerous times before, always along with a serving of ribs. The two cornerstones of the barbecue experience sort of give me the measure of what I ought to look for. Mighty Quinn's once again comes through. The tender brisket disintegrates even as I looked at it. The deep ring tells a story of long hours in the slow smoke, where the coriander-rub is married with the meat at the deepest level. The ribs, which had been disappointing in the past, are now jumping off the bones. There's almost no ring, as the permeation of the slow smoke renders it fully pink. The rub has been improved, where flavor is bold and mouth-watering--no longer is it disappointingly bland. One obvious omission in this place is bread. And I think it ought to be an option for the diner who's not buying a sandwich. The meat could use a neutral catalyst to the palate that quickly becomes overrun by the fine juices and rich flavor of the meat. The sides are classic, good, great compliments to the meat and generous. However, on the whole, salt has become a bit too free-flowing in the kitchen at Mighty Quinn's. The broccoli salad is a good example of a slightly marred execution of an otherwise delicious side, due to the overabundance of salt. The perfectly cooked fries too--a tad too salty. But the scrumptious crunch on the outside, giving way to a creamy, earthy inside definitely saves the fry. The complimentary slaw and pickled celery are the must-haves in the enjoyment of such rich, unctuous meats--and for those who like it spicy, so are the thinly sliced, pickled chili peppers--to cut through the power of the grease. Since I like the meat as is, saturated in its own juices, I tend to stay away from the sauces. But word has it that the house sauces are quite excellent and zesty. All in all, the way I see it, I rate my latest visit an -A, the detractor due to the overly salty sides.
