In full disclosure, I have a very apathetic mentality when it comes to Williamsburg.  Not because of the hipster stereotypes, but the amount of effort involved to get there from where I live.  The mere mention of the neighborhood usually results in at least a disdainful groan.  I'm hard pressed to be lured out of my neighborhood of Astoria -- especially on the weekend, and even more so if the L train is involved.  But when my alma mater hosted an alumni event at Cubana Social on a Sunday evening,I begrudgingly made the chilly 1-hr trek to Brooklyn. As soon as I walked in, I instantly forgot about the length of my commute, how cold I was, or that my hands were literally numb.  The ambiance of the space is very warm and inviting. It is accomplishes the difficult task of being cozy and intimate without feeling cramped.  All of the staff were very accommodating when our 10-person RSVP gradually morphed into a number closer to 20. (Note: I don't recommend doubling your party for the fun of it, but this was definitely a testament to their professionalism.)  There were no live music acts that night, but the music playing was still fantastic. Because there were so many of us, we ordered a variety of things to share amongst ourselves.  We started with the sangria, which was by far the best I've ever tasted.  I find most sangria has a tendency to be a bit watery and thin, but not here.  It has a smooth richness to it, almost like a mulled cider.  I was feeling good after just two glasses. I tried the yucca fries (like potatoes, but better), kale and avocado salad (the kale was cooked - reminiscent of spinach, but better), olives and beet salad.  We also ordered empanadas and fried avocado, which I couldn't try because of a severe gluten intolerance, but others at the table raved about them. For the main course, I had the hamburger served with tostones (gluten-free option!) instead of the bun.  The patty itself was very juicy -- probably an inch and a half in thickness -- and was cooked to a perfect medium like I ordered.  I was happy to see they only serve grass-fed beef, as it is far superior in flavor and quality to meat from grain-fed cows.   For dessert, I had a spoonful of the flan.  I'm not normally a fan of flan, but this was worth mentioning.  The texture was rich and velvety smooth -- not eggy and textured like some flan is.  It melts in your mouth.  Definitely give it a try.   I tried to order a cappuccino to cap off my meal, but their espresso machine was already powered down for the evening.  However, the Cafe con Leche did not disappoint as an alternative.  The coffee was very rich and flavorful without being too pungent or acidic, with a perfect amount of froth on top.  For a while, I actually forgot that it wasn't a cappuccino.   Overall, I was the most impressed with the quality of the ingredients, the unique pairing of flavors and the wonderful attention to detail from the staff.  It's also a great place if you're vegan, vegetarian or require gluten-free options.  And the price point for the quality of what you get is pretty spectacular. I wish this place was more accessible for me, because it's so fantastic I would probably eat there twice a week.  If you live anywhere near this place, I am totally jealous of you.
