I just went here last night with my friend Dave for his birthday since he had a gift certificate. It was good but pricey, I guess what else would I expect from a steakhouse like this? They were quite cordial, referring to use as Mr. and Mrs. Siegel, um sorry folks but we aren't married, let alone a couple. When the hostess seated us she proceeded to tell us that our waitress was, "really good", well (phew) I was worried you were going to stick us with the really bad one! Our waitress was nice referring to Dave as Mr. Siegel, how proper. When I asked for some Merlot I was given suggestions by the our waitress which was quite helpful and turned out to be quite tastey, thanks Napa Valley! Dave ordered a filet and I had a special that night which was a small filet with lobster tail that was stuffed with crab meat. We also ordered a crabtini which was a martini glass with crab and some sort of slaw, kinda pricey for lots of greens and only a teeny bit of crab, I would skip that next time. Oh and I must not forget the side we ordered which was the sweet potatoes with the cinnamon and pecans, this was heaven, I wouldn't let them take it away even when I was full, just-one-more-bite. The plates come out extremely hot (they tell you this) unfortunately I still touched it because I wanted to move it oops, ouch, forgot-hot-don't-touch. They also have a small amount of butter on the bottom of I guess everything that comes out which automatically makes anything taste better (maybe this is their secret?). We were so stuffed we couldn't get dessert, but I am sure it's good here as well. We both cleaned our plates and made a nice dent in the sweet potatoes. I thought it was nice here, but it took our waitress quite long to run my credit card (is she chiseling the numbers in stone somewhere?) and when our food came out the guy who was placing it in front of us kind of went into a small rant about always serving the females first which I found kinda of strange, am I not a lady? Who says "the female", like we are in an animal planet special about humans dining out. Bonus: - Free valet, although you should really tip and hey the parking lot is not that (italicize this) far, to save money just park your own car and walk, you'll need a walk after all that food anyway. - Bread and butter, I think it's important to note, I could eat bread all day, so if you are hungry this is a great freebie, but with the prices, how free is it really (italicize this)?
