As I live one block away from Corner Bistro, I always see the hordes of people inside, and have heard from many about how great the burgers are...while my boyfriend tried it out due to said recommendations, he had already told me that it wasn't that great, and that he was still hungry after his burger, etc. Nevertheless, one day we decided that we'd give it ago (for my first time).  He got there before I did, so waited in line.  I was sexually harassed outside while unsure whether he was inside or not (left my phone at home and didnt see him in the mobs), so already this was not a great start... The line moved when I first arrived, however, after about 5 minutes, we were at a stand still for the next 30.  I have literally not smelled such a rank beer soaked vomit stench since my frat partying days longer ago than i'd care to share...as in after 30 minutes, my boyfriend was insisting we leave as he felt sick, but while i too felt i might vomit or pass out due to the beer SOAKED stench of the place and mass claustrophobia, I refused to give up after waiting so long.  As I was being jabbed constantly by a man - woman at the bar, and then by a german girl behind me (while i would not normally shove my chanel bag back into someone in such a dirty venue, her complete disregard to my personal space was enough so that i did keep shoving it back against her as she body slammed me.  a 5'4 under 100 lb person doesnt take up too much space, so id say its pretty f'ing rude to slam into me constantly...only slam would imply she ever parted from shoving me, which she didnt.  when i switched places with my boyfriend who was NOT being violated, she then somehow moved so that she was STILL slamming into me, while yelling in her loud accent how EVERYONE wants to go to berlin. no, i've been there, and  have no desire to return, nor went for any reason other than being dragged there by my parents as a child) - it was definitely only with high hopes that the burger was decent that we remained. After rude german and the people with her cut in front of us due to being a party of four for which a table was available sooner, we eventually sat in the front.  I ordered the burger, medium rare, boyfriend the cheeseburger and fries.  Burger was of the same quality as any home made on a grill, and the bread was hard as a rock. i'd say it was worth about $4, and obviously was more.  We left $25 total, as there were no waiters in sight throughout the dining experience. All in all, disappointing burger, and truly disgusto crowd and experience.  While I'm all for dive bars (because i dont go to any, so more power to you all at the dive bars), i didnt want a murray hill beer stench mosh pit experience just to try a subpar burger. oh and yea, i had other food i cooked prior to corner bistro at home, as i yes, was still hungry. as others have said, come here only when wasted.
