Terrible, rude experience with the manager of our group reservation made and confirmed two months in advance. Manager gave away our private party reservation to make space for another group on the morning of our reservation, leaving us scrambling to find a new place for our party. I've actually set up a yelp account in order to discourage others from trying to hold group events here. I've been to Green Eggs at Newbold and Washington Square West about half a dozen times, with no more than four people, and did the Sunday waiting game because the food is pretty good. I've found the staff defensive and unfriendly on numerous occasions but always let it go. But my experience last weekend was so outrageous that I felt like others needed to have this information before considering holding a group event here. My good friends wanted to reserve a space for a baby shower brunch for me this past weekend and chose this location because it's one of the few brunch places with a private back room with space for a larger group. We called the managers about two months ago, and we had confirmation that we could hold our event here. My friend called back to check in 3 or 4 times over the course of the past two months, including twice the day before the shower, to confirm the final head count and make sure everything was set. The managers always assured us that everything was settled with our final guest total. We all showed up on time to be seated as a group, presents and cake in hand, only to find out that they had given away the back room to a bigger group and canceled our private event space. The other group was bigger than ours, so I guess that made more financial sense to them, but we had planned this for months and were left high and dry. The manager offered that we could wait an hour or so past our reservation to meet in the back room, or wait a shorter time sit at a table crammed next to all the other guests on a packed Sunday morning. Completely insensitive to the havoc this caused us, as we scrambled to come up with a plan B venue during one of the busiest restaurant times of the week, the manager claimed to have called us an hour before (we were all already on our way) and said he could only apologize so many times. He actually asked another customer near us to put in a positive yelp review to cancel ours out, which I found outrageous and insensitive to the stress he caused all of us. He gave us no justification, was unsympathetic and rude, and was totally dismissive. Luckily, we were able to have the shower at one of our apartments (though it took a lot of last minute shopping and set up -- totally stressful). We did everything right and despite confirmation the day before our party, we were left completely hanging. I don't know what we would have done if we didn't happen to have a nearby apartment big enough to host us.
