So this review is targeted to those of you who are not big fish eaters but end up tagging along with your fish-loving friends to the Blue Point Grill. I am not a big fan of seafood, though I have been trying mightily hard to get into it. People who love seafood, LOVE seafood. And I've always been jealous watching them eat, wondering what it is that's wrong with me that prevents me from sharing in these moments of total ecstasy. And I have made some progress in that regard. Whereas I once ate no seafood, I now actually have a few things that I really enjoy and will go out of my way to order. Truth be told though, most of the seafood I enjoy comes in the raw form. I am still a long way away from enjoying cooked seafood. Of course, having read all the Yelp reviews of the Blue Point Grill before dining there last night, I knew I was heading to a very reputable seafood restaurant. And for that reason I was willing to try some new things. Yes, there are steaks on the menu for us meatitarians, but I firmly believe you should try new things when you go to a restaurant renowned for a particular type of cuisine. Unfortunately, Blue Point Grill did little to alter my dislike of cooked seafood. We started with a ton of appetizers. First up was the fried calamari. I actually don't mind fried calamari, because well, it's fried, and you can't really ever go wrong with fried food. But I found the calamari to be a little chewy and tough, which I think even real seafoodies hate. When I think of great calamari, I think of the Capital Grille's, tossed in hot pepper relish, or the delectable grilled calamari at Il Bagatto in New York City. My brother and sister-in-law and their friends also ordered the buffalo shrimp, which they loved. I do not like the consistency of shrimp, so I refused to eat any. They loved it though. We also ordered a broiled scallop appetizer. I have never met a scallop I liked, and although these were the least cringe-inducing scallops I ever tried, I did not like them. The rest of the table loved them. (See a pattern starting here?) Next up were the Clams Casino. I have seen people order Clams Casino for decades but never tried them. Tonight I wanted to try them. However, what arrived at the table were not the Clams Casino that most people think of. These were topped with a heavy layer of chopped peppers that completely dominated every bite. The taste of bacon, butter, and breadcrumbs was simply non-existent. The entire table concurred. The one seafood thing I have always enjoyed since I was kid is New England Clam Chowder. So I was very excited to order some here. It was just OK. Really nothing special. I was most disappointed by the lack of a smoky bacon/ham flavor that many NECCs are made with. The soup itself also tasted more starchy than creamy, with the potatoes dominating the dish. I would not recommend it. And then the main dish. I was really surprised at how many types of fish they serve. I figured if I ordered carefully, I would find one I liked. The only two cooked fish I can remember eating and enjoying in years past was a butterfish and skate. Alas, neither were on the menu, but our server recommended the sole based on my description of what I like. Here's where I will flash another disclaimer to be fair. Blue Point Grill obviously believes in very simple preparations. Unless you order something blackened or go with an etouffe, don't expect your dish to be bursting with flavor. The fish are the stars here.  Unfortunately, sole is recommended for people like me because, apparently, it doesn't really have much taste at all. And that is precisely true because I was given a big plate of lightly pan-fried sole that had no taste whatsoever. I also thought the consistency was a little mealy. Sorry to say, but I didn't like it at all. And the garlic smashed potatoes on the side, though tasty, were not very garlicy. Other dishes at the table included the crab cakes, shrimp scampi, and something called Suzuki Mulloway, which sounds more like a porn star than a fish. Everyone else enjoyed their dishes, but I wouldn't say they were raving about them like other reviewers. 5 stars for the key lime pie at least!  :) I know what you are thinking. Christopher K. is exactly the kind of guy you DON'T take with you to a seafood restaurant, and if you do, you make sure he orders the steak.  What can I say? I gave it a shot. Oh, and I know everyone loves BYOB. I don't. I find it annoying to have to pull beer, wine, and liquor out of a paper bag under the table. I'd much rather have someone making me an overpriced, well-poured drink when I'm dining in a higher-end establishment. I look a little funny trying to make my own Manhattan at a crowded table surrounded by lots of pretentious Princetonians.
