That's Mr. Chu to you. I want to give this place a 4, because think it probably deserves it based on food alone.  I want to come back and try some of the other menu items for sure because I think this place has lots of potential, just fell short my one outing there. Pros: - fried tofu (large cube kind): excellent, crispy outside and very fresh tasting tofu inside.  Excellent sweet chili dipping sauce. - PORK SHANK: OMG, this was exquisite.  something you'd expect from a fine new american dining establishment, but much cheaper at a chinese restaurant.  Fall off the bone good ness.  Bathed in dark savory sauce.  Succulent skin with layer of hearty fat layer (not at all rubbery). Cons: - fried dumplings- every chinese restaurant has this.  these were not crispy on the outside and inside was a bit bland.  Not too concerning tho.  its a generic item and you should be trying the other stuff anyways. - pork noodle soup with picked cabbage (healthy version): this was pretty bland but i guess it was for the health conscious eater.  can't blame chu that much for its lack of flavor.  but dont get this if you want something that actually tastes good. - seafood soup: this i was a bit disappointed in, also a bit bland imo and consistency seemed a bit artificially thick with starch. Why I will come back: The stuff they did well, they did really well and there were numerous itmes on the menu i wanted to try and would be sure are excellent.  Next time. Overall: good chinese eats, get the right items, dont try to be healthy. **of note, service can be a little......meh.  My friend put his name down for a table for four.  let's call my friend "Joe."  The greeter was calling Joe's name a few minutes and we didn't hear her because we were waiting outside.  The greeter then gave our table up to another group who either 1) had the name as Joe, or 2) didn't hear that it was for Joe and assumed it was  his table or 3) pretended to be Joe so he could steal our table.  Next, when Joe asked about our table, the greeter and manager both came out and started yelling at Joe.."why didn't you answer when we called your name!  wait for the next table."  then they yelled at him some more when we got another table.  Needless to say it was a busy night, but plz, uncalled for.
