When I had heard that Umami was opening up in Manhattan I got extremely excited. My boyfriend had gone several times in California when visiting his cousin, and always raved about this place! For some reason, it took me forever to finally find time in my calendar to make it to this place, but I am glad I did! I had originally thought this place was more of a counter service type of place, but upon entering you immediately realize its a sit down casual eatery. They had a beer selection and a full bar. Our waiter was super attentive and did not waste any time on coming over to get our drink order. We ordered two types of burgers and split them. Definitely not enough room in our stomachs for the fries, which I hear are amazing and are paired with dipping sauces! The Manly Burger was everything like the name, a burger covered in very heavy, manly ingredients. It was topped with beer-cheddar, bacon lardons, smoke-sale onion strings, Umami ketchup, and mustard spread. The bun was printed with the Umami logo which was a nice touch. Biting into this luscious burger was like an explosion of flavors. The meat was very tender and juicy. All the juices just ran right out of the meat and onto the plate. It was amazing! The mustard spread gave the burger a nice spicy taste, while the rest of the ingredients just gave it that MMM flavor! The second burger we ordered was the Royale. This one was my favorite. It was a beef patty topped with braised short rib, truffled aioli, and Umami truffle cheese. This burger was definitely messy, but so worth it! The short rib was so juicy and complimented the truffle flavor very well. This burger was probably the most truffle-y burger I have ever had, and I loved it! Compared to the $50 White Truffle Burger I had at Burger and Barrel,, this was a much better value. The truffle burger at Burger and Barrel had truffle pieces, but lacked that yummy truffle flavor that truffle oil gives off so well. I realized that truffle oil has so much more flavor than actual truffles, and I will go with the $15 Royale at Umami anytime over the $50 White Truffle Burger at Burger and Barrel. I loved this place. I already am ready to go back again soon! Next time, I need to have room to try the fries too!
