BOULEY ????? A very well done, small old world style, Nouvelle French restaurant with incredible service; including a Merci or Madame/Monsieur from the courteous staff. A very intimate atmosphere; perfect for a romantic dinner.  Groups seem to be a little out of place here.  The ambiance is calm, peaceful and without noise from other patrons to drown out your own equally quiet conversation. Dinner is approximately $200 per person including tax and tip. Food selection is roughly 70% seafood including, lobster, scallops, shrimp, and sea bass. Additional items on the menu were Colorado lamb chops and Long Island duck. A wonderful carefully selected "by the glass" wine selection as well as full bottles. Unfortunately, this entire wonderful ambiance seemed to take some what of a back seat from the menu and execution of dishes.  The menu seemed ambiguous and somewhat deceptive from what actually came out of the kitchen. Examples of what was on the menu are the Sea Bass with "a lot of vegetables", as the waiter said, were actually a small minute amount of cooked vegetables that were hardly noticeable under a large piece of the rich tasting fish.  The Long Island roast duck was actually a large portion of sliced duck breast but prepared well.  No mention of "breast" only was ever mentioned. Fingerling potatoes were actually mashed potatoes.  No mention was ever made that the potatoes came mashed.  The classic chocolate soufflé, which usually comes in some sort of ramekin, came on a flat plate that looked like a curved dog turd. Speaking of desserts, we had several different items from the menu including a couple of "give away's".  We found all the desserts to be overly sweet. An additional disappointment was that the "pour" on the wine, was not consistent from glass to glass.  It was a notable difference.  And, at about $28 per glass, I would have expected it to be "spot on". With so many unexpected differences, I left feeling that I would probably not return evens though the portions were abundant and the food "good" but NOT "outstanding".
