Came here to celebrate Valentine's Day last Friday after failing to come here after nearly a year and a half in the area and I'm certainly glad I did!   We showed up promptly at 6PM to avoid the rush of couples celebrating the day, as LIC Market was not taking reservations.  We were promptly seated in the back dining area, which was about half full at that point, and waited on right away.  By the time we left, at about 7:15, the restaurant was more-or-less full and a wait was starting to form; I'm not sure how that compares to a regular weekend night, but based on our experience, it seems like coming in before 6:30/7 is the way to avoid a wait.  One more quick comment about the seating; it's a little tight back there.  If you want to have a private conversation, this probably isn't the best place; we were squeezed pretty tightly in between two couples and could easily hear their conversations without trying to eavesdrop.  I'm sure the same could be said for our discussions. The service was also well above average.  Our server (and other servers on the floor) were attentive and paced the ordering perfectly, answered any questions we had about the menu in detail, and refilled our waters with little wait on the numerous occasions we ran dry.  The appetizer we ordered came very quickly and there was a near-perfect amount of time in between the first dish and our mains. As for the most important part of the meal, the food itself?  The flavors in both the appetizer and the main dish were fantastic overall.  We started with the carrots, which  were extremely flavorful and prepared in a way which made me forget momentarily that I actually hate carrots.  There was a very light char on them and the almonds served as the perfect compliment.  For our mains, we both ended up ordering the halibut, which was cooked to perfection and served with a delicious celeriac sauce and Japanese turnips.  I personally didn't feel that the turnips fit with the dish quite right and would have liked to see some other ingredient incorporated to add a bit of color, but it was a minor complaint that certainly did not shadow the taste of the fish or the sauce.   The only other thing really holding this back from being a five-star review (I give it a 4.5-ish rating) is the portion size.  The dishes are certainly worth the price, but I felt that there could have been slightly more on the plate for both the appetizer and the main course.  I certainly wouldn't hesitate in coming back to the restaurant for this reason, but to leave feeling full would probably require each person to have his/her own appetizer, main, and perhaps even a dessert. I'm very glad I finally got to come check out LIC Market and look forward to visiting them again for brunch in the near future!
