I can say, without hesitation or reservation, this was the worst dining experience  I have ever had in a restaurant - or anywhere else for that matter. I hardly know where to begin.... The atmosphere - In a word, dingy.  I had a bad feeling the moment I walked in. The place felt uninviting and  it was very worn and unkempt.  The wooden part of the walls were marred.  The whole place needs a redo.  The menus were old and worn. With wooden covers that had clearly seen better days, the paper pages were covered in plastic that were disgusting.  You'd want to wash your hands after touching them! The service - it was slow and at the same time hurried.  Our waitress was eager to take our order.  We ordered an appetizer and martinis (more on the cocktails later) and explained that we'd like to enjoy those before placing our dinner order.  Nonetheless, she kept coming to the table to ask, "Are you ready yet?"  Once our order was placed, she just disappeared.   I might add, we were the only table she was waiting on.  We asked for small plates for our shared appetizer.  They arrived after we finished the appetizer.  Once the meal arrived, we never saw her again 'til we were just about done with our meal.  (For me, that was about 30 seconds after it arrived.) The food - Gross.  I cannot think of a positive thing to say about the meal. My husband and I decided to share a wild mushroom quesadilla as appetizer. That was probably the best part of the food we were served.  It was heavy on cheese and light on mushrooms.  It was supposed to come with salsa.  We never got any but we also couldn't get the waitress's attention to ask for what was missing. On the recommendation of the waitress, my husband and I both ordered  combination platters.  It consisted of various barbequed meats and two sides - we both opted for macaroni and cheese and sweet potato fries.  The "meals" arrived on what looked to be old aluminum pizza pans.  There was a puddle of grease in the bottom of the pan. All of the meat was tough, dried out and tasted like it had been reheated repeatedly.  The macaroni was also swimming in grease and it seemed like the "cook" threw a lot of shredded cheese on old macaroni and reheated it.  Blah!  The fries had to have been made earlier in the day.  Cold, dry and inedible!  The cornbread was a mini-muffin that was dried out and stale.  I guess I had one bite of everything and declared my meal over. The beverages - As I mentioned, we ordered martinis when we arrived.  It took a very long time for them to arrive at the table and the waitress came back to the table twice to ask how we wanted them prepared (up, dry, lemon, rocks on the side... not hard)  When  the martinis finally arrived, what a disappointment.  Despite the fact that they have a number of martini drinks on their drink menu, they only had one martini glass.  (Keep in mind, there were only a few people in the restaurant and two men drinking beer at the bar.)   My husband's martini was served in a wine glass.  When I pointed out to our waitress that there was HAIR on the rim of my husband's glass, she picked it off and began to walk away.  I had to ask her to please bring a fresh glass.  The second glass was a margarita glass ...whatever.  The martinis were watered down and not cold.  The lemon was clearly not fresh.  At this point in  time I asked my husband if he wanted to leave and go elsewhere. Since we'd not ordered our entrees  I was ready to cut our losses but he opted to stay.  We both had beer with the meal.  I ordered a second since I wasn't eating very much. The bill - This was the final shock of a pretty shocking meal.  We went to this restaurant because we had a Groupon for which we paid $29 -  for 2 entrees and 2 glasses of beer or wine, that seemed like a very good deal!   I believe the price on the menu for the meals we ordered was $29 each.  When the bill came we owed a whopping $40 for the app ($10), 2 very small watered-down martinis ($8 each) and almost $6 for a small draft beer.   They noted on the bill, the total for the meal had we not had the Groupon would have been $99 and change - plus tip, of course.  Seriously??  We could have gone to the Highlawn Pavillion for the special dinner in the bar, spent less and had good food and drinks. In conclusion - I derive absolutely no pleasure from writing negative reviews.  I do so to alert others so they won't waste money and have an unpleasant dining experience.  This restaurant needs to be avoided.  Don't bother buying the Groupon and for goodness sake, don't eat there!  I'm just grateful that I didn't get sick.
