I was here last night as a last minute dinner, which is my second experience here, and feel the need to YELP about the food.  Costa del Sol is known for authentic paella, and is probably one of the best restaurants in Hartford, I mean other then Olive Garden...just kidding, Bricco. Food/Sangria: If you come here you should try the paella and sangria, red or white. It's what they're known for. However, I already tried it in the past & wanted some MEAT this time. I did order the red sangria though... its yummy and authentic and has floating oranges and is very dangerous (I had a buzz on after 4 sips)...and I suspect that the white had the same effect on my friend. The app I chose to start with was the soup Caldo Gallego - which is vegetable soup with potatoes, white beans, collard greens, Spanish sausage and cured ham. It was piping hot, hearty and perfect for fall. My friend ordered the Tabla Iberica, a meat cheese platter with smoked ham, chorizo, and some cheeses...I'm not a smoked meat eating kinda guy so I didn't try it but he was happy and anyway I was busy with my soup and sangria to look up. They brought over a small simple salad between the app & dinner, which added nice touch. For dinner I had the Entrecote, which is grilled ribeye steak with peppers and garlic. It was cooked perfectly rare & melted in my mouth. Clean Plate Club. My friend ordered the Pork osso buco which was HUGE and well-presented on the plate...I think he said it had some sorta sherry demi-glaze...but he kept trying to taste my Ribeye, so I submit that it wasn't as delicious as mine. Décor: The décor is simple, maybe a little 90's dated, but warmly painted walls and Spanish pottery...nothing fancy, but well done. Certainly a good place for a romantic dinner. When you arrive there's a small brightly lit shop/deli to the left, which I think is maybe a little weird for a restaurant layout. Cleanliness:  I can't stress this enough: It is the CLEANEST restaurant I've ever been to. Seriously, one could eat off the bathroom floors. I'm not kidding. It is apparent that the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the restaurant show that the owners/management LOVE what they do there. CdS also seems to be a quiet secret.... maybe because it's in the frayed far south end of Hartford?  I'd have it no other way. I love the fact that unlike Bricco its NOT in West Hartford Center or the G'burbs or someplace else yuppified...the Wethersfield Ave locale adds to the exotic experience of eating really great, simple Spanish food. Of course, the parking lot is filled with shiny Beemers & Benze's so maybe it's not as unknown as I thought.
