Arranging for a dinner for four, my friends decided they wanted to go to Salt and Fat even though the three of them went there just a couple of days ago.  That spoke volumes for the quality of this restaurant.  Sunnyside was always one of those neighbourhoods that I passed by on the 7 train when I lived in Flushing, and I could even see Salt and Fat from the train since the 7 runs above ground through Queens.  But it wasn't until a couple of weeks ago that I finally made it a point to have dinner at this restaurant that seemed to be popular amongst Yelpers.  Four people versus eleven dishes.  Granted, Salt and Fat's dishes weren't exactly super-sized, and they weren't meant to be, but that was still no small amount of food. I let my friends do the ordering: Caesar Salad Cobb Salad Yellowtail Chili Shrimp Korean BBQ Wraps BLT Buns Pork Belly Tacos Pulled Pork Sliders Meatballs Crispy Pork Trotter Torchon Sea Bass All were very tasty.  My friends were raving about the Caesar Salad, but for me, that wasn't one of the better dishes.  For the Cobb Salad, however, I did appreciate that Chinese sausage chips were used in it - that is certainly not something you'd find in many salads.  I loved the creativity of serving the Chili Shrimp with watermelon.  When I thought about the fact that the chef, Daniel Yi, is Korean, it wasn't all that surprising.  Koreans love watermelon.  Combining it with something spicy certainly resulted in a pleasantly interesting dish.  Another dish that I loved was the BLT Buns.  You can't really go wrong with slow-cooked pork in my opinion, and the ever-so-slightly smoky flavour that the pork presented just made it all the more delicious.  And while I know I'm probably being predictable here, the next two dishes I really liked were the two other pork dishes.  The meat in the Pulled Pork Sliders practically dripped down when I picked one up.  Truly, that was a sign that I had good pulled pork in my eager hands.  One of my friends were at first a little hesitant to try the Crispy Pork Trotter Torchon.  But after tasting it, she commented that it was good and didn't taste like feet at all - whatever it was that she expected feet to taste like.  And it was indeed very good.  Tender through and through, and the egg on top of the meat made it taste creamy, even.  I also would like to note the Sea Bass dish.  The texture really reminded me of fish steamed in the Cantonese tradition, even though at Salt and Fat it was likely poached. We had two orders of dessert to polish off the dinner - the Rice Krispies with marshmallow ice cream, and the Ice Cream & Sorbet.  I'm not sure what I've been doing with my self all these years that I haven't had rice krispies with any kind of ice cream, but that rice krispies dessert was one of those desserts of which I simply could not get enough. So there you go, ladies and gentlemen.  I present to you a review praising Salt and Fat without mentioning the quirkiness or boastfulness of the name of the restaurant.
