Meritage is one of my favorite restaurants, hooked after my first visit. I recently moved a few blocks away from the craziness that is Rittenhouse Square and was excited to try the restaurants that were now "closer" than my last place. My boyfriend and I decided to book a reservation at Meritage on Open Table after perusing the menu and finding things suitable for both of our palates (mine is a tad more daring than his). When we arrived I was sold on the atmosphere, it is intimate and cozy, it feels like an old converted house and is very inviting. The bar area compliments the intimate setting and I think suits the restaurant well. We were promptly seated in the main dining room and our waitress quickly introduced herself and took our drink order. I was happy to see that one of my favorite CA vineyards found itself to PA (Trefethen) and onto Meritage's awesome wine list. The boy and I were especially hungry and ordered the cheese plate which included a good variety (not all blues or brie-type cheeses), the pork dumplings and the local mushrooms, all were awesome. My entree, a rabbit dish, was out of this world, it was extremely tender and the bed of polenta was flavorful - sometimes polenta can be boring, not at Meritage. Very good. My boyfriend ordered the Meritage kobe burger which was small, but so yummy (it is appropriately listed in the small plate section of the menu). Very moist burger (even though I hate to use that word, that is the best adjective) with house made Korean chili sauce which was really good. Dessert was amazing, the pot de creme was out of this world, though we were both stuffed beyond belief we could not put our spoons down. Truly one of the best desserts I've ever had. The menu is seasonal so not everything I mentioned above may be on the current menu (we went in the Fall), but I am positive whatever fresh ingredients Meritage chefs get their hands on they'll create dishes you won't forget and that will keep you waiting until your next visit.
