First off, it is hard to find a crab place in NYC and for me to be able to find a good crab place, that's even more crazy. Supposedly, this place been there for awhile but people didn't really start coming till Ikea opened up nearby. I came here on a weekend night, and we all know eating out on a weekend is hectic since more people would eat out on the weekend than on weekdays. I went in a party of 5, so just in case, we did call ahead of time to see if we need to make reservation and we didn't. Transportation, drove there, I heard that the subway doesn't get you there. It is nearby Fairway and Ikea. First impression of the place, pretty nice, dining area was at the 2nd and 3rd floors so you can get a nice view. Love the atmosphere, friendly staffs, clean, and nice music. Felt nice, they weren't playing hip hop or fast pace music, it was just simple slow songs that goes really well with the view. Got there, hostess was really friendly, she asked how many people we had since only 3 of the 5 were there first then told us to hold on for a bit so she can check inside to see if anything was available since it was pretty chilly out that night, probably not a good idea to sit outside. But my 'smart' boyfriend suggested that we sat outside since he like the breeze (the breeze to him, is like a very cold kind of coldness to everyone else). The hostess was smart on picking up the vib I gave out and was pretty sure I didn't want to sit outside but since my boyfriend insisted, we sat outside. We did do a bit of drinks and appetizer ordering while we waited for the rest of the party. When the rest of the party came, I got my wish, we were to move indoor where it wasn't cold. The hostess was very understanding and the other staffs there helped us move from the outside 2nd floor patio area to the indoor 3rd floor. If I was the servers, I would've felt that we were a pain since it was a pain to move everything upstairs and made sure that the stuff we ordered came to the 3rd floor instead of the 2nd. Food wise, we ordered a LOT of stuff, a nice variety so we get to try some of everything. Everything was fresh and a must. 'Crab Bites' - I was kind of skeptical at first cause the waitress was like it is like a crab cake but in bite size. Most place, the crab cakes is just a bunch of flour but this place, it was huge pieces of crab meat. If you are too lazy to take the crab apart for the meat, this is the way to go cause it is literally almost all crab meat. 'Brooklyn Crab Royale' - great, it had some of everything, kind of got confused by the platter when it came because we weren't sure what was what but the waitress was able to tell us what was what. Other than the 2 that I mentioned, we ordered other stuff too but if I continue to write, this review will end up looking like a book. Drink wise, I never and had always hated root beer but this place got such yummy tasting root beer float, I guess it is finding the right root beer and combining it will good ice cream. When we left, the bill was $300ish but we did ordered a LOT of stuff for 5 people and we were all really stuffed, such a bargain for the quality and amount of food we had. Throughout the entire dining experience, the staffs were all really nice, and along with the manager there, they kept checking to see if everything was ok and we had a bit of small talk, which was a nice experience. And when we left, the manager wasn't there but on our way out, he popped out of nowhere and went after us on our way out just to thank us for the business and that he hoped we enjoyed the food and to see us again. I definitely plan on going back in the near future to eat again.
