As the name suggests, this restaurant is a Robatayaki.  And I'm quite certain that you won't encounter a real robatayaki on the East coast outside of Manhattan. So what is a robatayaki? Robatayaki is the original traditional Japanese barbecue cooked in front of customers.  Fresh seafood, juicy meats and seasonal vegetables are grilled over an open hearth by chefs who sit on a deck.  The hearth infuses a bit of charcoal-like smell and enhances the natural flavor of the food items. The decor of Robataya NY has been modeled after its sister restaurant in Roppongi Japan and it resembles a Japanese wholesale marketplace with a counter of fresh produce and meat that are placed on ice in between the customers and the chefs. When you order, the chef will do an acrobatic move and jump onto a wooden plank adjacent to pick up the produce/meats.  He will cook it in front of you, place it on a wooden paddle that is about a 3-4 feet long, and serve it to you.  This experience makes Robataya very exciting and perhaps a unique experience for many people who are not well-exposed to Japanese culture and restaurants. That being said, there is a back room to Robataya NY that has been modeled after a garden.  This was designed to accommodate larger parties, but I recommend staying away from this area as it takes away from the true experience of a Robataya. Food: I highly recommend all items on the "robatayaki" section.  Do not let the cheap prices deceive you.  The portions are quite  small. My recommendation is to go with: 1.   NIKUMORI which is an assortment of meats (a value item b/c you can try several meat types at a cheaper price than going ala carte) 2.  MUSHROOMS (really can't go wrong with any of them but my preference is the ENOKI mushroom). 3.  SEA SCALLOPS 4.  DUCK, LAMB, and whatever else you want. As for other pointers, while the SPECIAL FISH OF THE DAY FROM JAPAN seems very enticing, it is not worth the cost (a 1/4 of a side of a flounder was about ~$35) and is an astronomical markup.  Just remember that just because something is more expensive it does not mean it's tastier. I have tried other appetizers here such as the Chawanmushi (custard) and a specialty rice bowl cooked in earthenware called KAMAMESHI.  I found both of them to be quite lacking compared to what I tried in Japan.  In particular, the KAMAMESHI was not true to the original style that I"m accustomed to.  The rice was not seasoned and it seemed that it was heated to a moderate degree which made the rice taste  lukewarm. Although I cannot praise Robataya for excellent quality food, I must still recommend this place for those who have never been to a Robatayaki.  It was a truly wonderful experience to see such a restaurant in the United States. On a final note, I recommend you set a tight budget and stick to it.  Most of the orders are $6-$8, and while it may not seem like much, you'll be surprised to see how the bill racks up at the end of the meal if you don't pay attention.
