I've come to the conclusion that no Thai restaurant in my vicinity may be worthy of 5 stars. I had such high hopes for Ploy Siam based on the few reviews it received prior to my visit. We were greated and seated right away, but I felt rushed putting in my order because the waitress kept coming to our table every half minute to get our order.  My boyfriend's Thai iced tea was excellent and the tom kai gai soup was delicious as well. I ordered masamun curry with chicken (this is my starter dish that will determine whether an establishment is worthy of subsequent visits) and my boyfriend ordered pad kee mao. I was a little appalled at how little curry "liquid" was in the bowl of my masamun curry.  Whenever I order masamun curry, I usually under up having to drink the rest of the curry (if it's delicious), but I was scraping for curry juice at the bottom of my bowl with half a bowl of rice still left.  Very, very sad predicament. My boyfriend's pad kee mao was very good, but the green beans and red bell peppers were a bit under cooked for our liking. ...And then we waited 15 minutes for the waitress to bring us our check.  We watched her fold napkins, chat with other guests, refill everyone's water... No thought of bringing the check to the table that finished their meal.  Finally we grew antsy and got up to walk over to the front counter.  The waitress started yelling at us, "you want check!?  you want check!?!" in a you-can't-eat-a-whole-meal-and-just-walk-out-­without-paying way.  If she had been more attentive, she would have quickly realized we were heading to the front desk; not the door.  (Besides, we may look young, but we know better.) ...And then when we got to the front desk, the owners, I presume, kept saying how they know us from somewhere and they've seen us before.  Very awkward and uncomfortable.  They were soooo sure that they knew my boyfriend from the Princeton area and they were soooo sure they had seen me in the restaurant regularly.  Thing is, this was our first visit.  Ouch... To recap, the food was decent.  Close to authentic.  I think for the price, you should get more of everything but that's me; I guess I've been spoiled by Thai restaurants in California. So the search for a good Thai restaurant in New Jersey continues.
