At the end of a weekend trip to the city, my boyfriend and I wanted to get some Korean food since we were going to be in the area with a lot of Korean restaurants. We chose Cho Dang Gol after looking at Yelp reviews, and we both felt very good about the choice after having our meal. Neither my boyfriend nor I know very much about Korean food, but we both liked what we got. I unfortunately don't remember the Korean names for what we ordered, but they have short English descriptions (these were both lunch specials). I got a spicy tofu and vegetable stew, and he got a pork and tofu paste stew. I didn't try my boyfriend's dish but he liked it; it looked like mostly tofu paste, so I'd say only get this if you're really into soybeans. I really liked my stew - it wasn't too spicy since I had asked for mild, but it came to the table very hot, so I slowly sipped the broth and kept munching on the side dishes while waiting for it to cool a bit. There were silky tofu pieces, zucchini slices, and tofu of a different texture that seemed to be tofu paste that had been cooked to form small pieces. Some other reviewers have mentioned that this place makes their own tofu, and my boyfriend confirmed that on his way to the bathroom he saw in the back a typical room of tofu-making. As soon as we placed our orders, the waitress brought us each a small bowl of warm soybean paste in soymilk. I thought this would be bland, but it actually had a nice mild taste. I ate some of it on its own, and some with the side dishes that they gave us. It seems that the side dishes (banchan) are a big deal in Korean restaurants; they gave us six small plates after the soybean paste. I didn't know what it all was but it was all tasty (some beans, kimchi, spicy vegetables, fried eggplant and tofu, something that I think was dried squid marinated in a sauce, and spinach with ground sesame). And rice of course, which they said was cooked in a stone pot with special mineral water to be extra-healthy or something. It did taste a bit different from plain white rice, and there was a bean here and there, but I liked it. The staff were not very warm or friendly but they got the job done. And when I asked how to eat the soybean paste, our waitress told me I could just eat it plain, so that was helpful. As for price, I think normally it would be a bit pricey for me (most entrees around $20 or up) but we got the lunch specials, so with tip it came to about $14 per person.  I don't know how a Korean food connoisseur would feel about this place, but I did see plenty of Korean people.
