Tasty food; lousy attitude.  My group came in here from the cold with four out of the five people constituting our party with a reservation. Over loud music and voices, the hostess incomprehensibly murmured the words "table" and "ready." I repeated back, "A table is ready for us,"  to which she snappily replied, "N-o-oh, I said when you are all ready [as in all here], you can have the table we are holding for you."  She then shoved us into a corner to wait (there were really no places to stand or sit while waiting in the entranceway).  More of the same abrupt, rude service ensued after my party was finally seated.  My drink, a reasonably priced and refreshing pineapple-ginger-sparkling wine concoction was delivered very promptly, as were all of my table's starters.  However, there is a fine line between quick and rushed, and Room Service errs strongly on the latter side. A busboy tried to rip my soup out from under me, when there was a good half a bowl left (the thai dumpling woon-sen soup with ginger, watercress, and glass vermicelli was excellent--I just wish I could have enjoyed it in peace).  Instead of having the foresight to hold the delivery of my entree or at least taking it back to the kitchen while I finished my soup, the busboy's solution was to dump my entree in front of another member of my party who was sitting next to me.  What the hell?  Such abrupt and crude service is not acceptable in a sit-down restaurant.  Busboys were later equally grab-happy while several of us were still working on our entrees.  (mine being a light and generously portioned ginger chicken, which, again I would have enjoyed more if I hadn't felt rushed while trying to eat it). At the time,  there was no line of people waiting to get into the restaurant or anything of that sort.  There also seemed to be too many hands on deck, as another member of my party was asked by two different servers what she wanted to order; after telling the second server she had already ordered a soup, busboys tried to deliver a second soup of the same kind to our table, and two of those soups showed up on our bill even though the second was rerouted. I didn't try any dessert, but people seemed pleased with large portions of a dessert that seems so intuitive I wondered why other places hadn't thought of it sooner--thai iced tea ice cream.  With a fun, well-written menu and swank decor, it's a shame this place couldn't be more enjoyable.  Perhaps if the staff robots were replaced with humans, this could be the great restaurant it has the potential to be.
