We went here Friday night looking for a place that doesn't cost an arm and a leg in Glastonbury, and with this place being BYOB we thought it would be wonderful to try. I was definitely happy that we placed a reservation because the place filled up very quickly at 6:30pm. The decor is artistic, colorful and fun, and the waitstaff are very friendly and helpful. The menu has a very large range from unique burgers to pumpkin quesadillas. The specials change daily and they always allow ordering off of their, more static, lunch menu. I ordered the pumpkin bisque for an appetizer that was creamy and delicious. They had a large selection of soups on their black board, and as it's getting colder out, i'd order from there again. Being a vegetarian, there usually isn't much to chose from normal restaurant menus, but here i had to think and debate over which entree to order. Since they did claim to have 'The Best Veggie Burger Ever' I had to order that (and my friend did also), It takes a little time to get your meal, but i enjoyed catching up with my friend and having time to talk and drink our wine before the food is brought out. When our burgers came , i have to say it was one of the best i've had. It reminds me closest to Dr. Praeger's California Veggie burners, but it tastes fresher with a better consistency. It also has a good outer crunch to it unlike other burgers that are too mushy or too overcooked on the outside corners. The cajun mayo i think really made it perfect. I ordered teh regular fries and thought they were also good. I ordered the asian noodle salad as an extra side and thought it was a little dry and not spectacular, but look forward to trying other sides. There was also a good variety of kids menu options. Mine had the Kraft style mac and cheese and the peanut butter and jelly. They were both excited over the cookie that came with the meal, but never even finished it because they were full :) The bathroom was also very clean as we visited it twice because my daughter just started potty training. Over all i will be back. I love the variety of foods and the byob aspect.
