I was a frequent customer for two years...i only go here when i work...(not much good food choices close to my job)...I usually ordered shrimp and broccoli with brown fried rice...i decided to try something new one day so I added a scallion pancake on to my order (thinking that it would taste just like the one I get from chinatown restaurant) oh man, this scallion pancake was no where near as good!! It was rubbery, oil laden, tasteless, doughy, disguisting, makes you want to get your money back and smack the cook who would make such a nasty disgusting thing to serve to the customers. I continued to go there, like i said, there arent much food choices around my job...and when you are hungry, you are hungry... I continued to order the shrimp and broccoli with brown fried rice...one day, i realized that the sauce was getting gooier and gooier...there was hardly any sauce in the container to eat with my rice..I asked them can they please use less corn starch so i can have some "real sauce" to eat with my rice...long story short and 5 orders or so ...they only got it right once...I dont understand that at all. I decided to order another dish because for some reason, this one was giving them trouble  I ordered shrimp with lobster sauce with no beef...they couldnt get that right, and it even looked like they put extra beef instead of no beef... the order taker said to me..." Im sorry, they put meat inside and i told them not to..." she was saying this while putting the food into the bag to charge me for the order...I was thinking, WTF!!?? she didnt care, she didnt even attemp to ask me if it was okay...or if i wanted another one.. I can keep going on and on about this place... This has been happening over the years I have been going there... and i decided to be alittle more forgiving when I decided to go out to eat because usually i would run out the place if they give me trouble... but never settle for less...there is only so much I  can take....and that was the last wonton...I mean straw Overall,  the delievery boy is very nice, the food is delicious and fresh(just dont complicate the order too much and you will be fine0....that is all
