This is as much about theater as about food.  From the traditional greeting shouted out to all who enter to the massive Yakizakana grill area on the right to the cotton print uniforms, one could just as easily have walked in off a street in Japan to one's favorite neighborhood place.  The grill is manned by two chefs, both of whom kneel before the customers and food.  Their identity is shared on carved wooden placards mounted on wooden easels.  When the chef is rotated, he takes his name tile with him and the new one replaces it with his own.  Food is served by these grill masters on wooden palettes at the end of six foot long handles.  They operate entirely from memory and are unflappable and show enjoyment in mastery of skills. My wife and I sat at the counter between two couples - a Japanese dad and his son, the dad offered great menu recommendations, and a Japanese couple, she in full kimono and obi and he in dark suit.  Additional guidance was offered by the wait staff, who could not have been more solicitous, informative, or patient.  At one point, a question about a particular fish choice was answered by having the two fishes presented and explained.  As the evening progressed, the room got younger and hipper. The food is fresh, clean, and of impeccable quality.  Winners abound.  A special appetizer featured sweet slices of perfectly ripe tomato, meaty and juicy.  Just a pinch of imported salt complemented the dish.  The imported whole grilled fish was fatty and firm and flavorful.  Grilled just enough to retain moistness and still pick up the grill flavor.  The grilled mushrooms were very good.  The grilled sea scallop was close to perfection - slices of grilled scallop meet replaced in shell with umami soup.  The steamed egg custard chicken meat balls, shrimp, and shitake mushroom was silky, flavorful, and comforting.  The aroma that came of the custard when uncovered was worth the price of the dish.   A few dishes disappoint.  Lamb was fine, but little more and the rice set with dipping sauces and seaweed was satisfying, but that is all.  The grilled red crab was a bit dry and far too small a portion for the price There is an extensive sake menu with helpful explanations and an intelligently selected list of wines by the glass.   As others have noted, the bill adds up rather quickly.  There is a disparity in the value of certain of the dishes. $25.00 for a tiny portion of crab is ridiculous.  Nine dollars for the scallop is more than fair.  I would gladly return, but only if I could enjoy the show as well.
