Review in a few words:  Excellent bar food and pretty solid drink selection.  All in all, not a bad place to hang your hat for the evening. Review in full:  In New Haven's overcrowded bar scene Rudy's perhaps represents the closest thing we have to a jack of all trades (and master of some).  Cask Republic may take the crown for best beer selection but their food offerings fall well-short of their asking prices.  Rudy's offers an excellent selection of food, at reasonable prices, and backs it up with a passable tap list. So far as food is concerned, Rudy's is really a great place to stop by at any time of day.  While brunch can be a little pricey they still have some unique offerings, including my personal favorite - the croquet madame (essentially a ham/egg/cheese served on a croissant).  Once you get into lunch and dinner though prices start to match up a little better with the offerings.   I would be remiss in my yelper duties if I didn't first mention the fries at Rudy's.  Call them Belgian frites if you want but they are Rudy's first claim to fame, and with pretty good reason.  While the fries represent an above-average offering, the real draw comes in the form of the accompanying sauces.  Rudy's offers a selection of over 15 different sauces ranging from a simple garlic aioli to a mayo/pineapple/curry concoction they call brazil sauce and every manner of sauce in between.   Fries aside Rudy's is still a great place to stop for an actual meal.  The Voodoo Burger might be one of the best hamburgers in New Haven and I say that being fully aware of the fact that Louis' is a stone's throw from the location.  Some other notables include the Barnyard BBQ sandwich (pulled pork with slaw and a fried egg) and the grilled marinated chicken.  They also have a whole host of solid appetizers.  Pierogies!?!  I will take about 12 please... My only complaint about Rudy's is that the tap list is a little weak.  Only portions of it cycle/refresh and the familiar faces are some of my least favorite beers.  Still, I would hardly say that you can't find at least something you like at Rudy's and that is all that really matters. On the whole Rudy's is a great bar/restaurant for any occasion.  You can drink the night away and grab a small basket of fries or you can stop in for a genuine meal.
