Came here to celebrate my grandmother's birthday. This restaurant is on 'Restaurant Row,' where tourists and people leaving shows to flock to for a meal. From the outside, the place looks nice.. but once you go inside it is quite a small and cramped space. The amount of people they were allowing to be inside is definitely a fire hazard. Picture a sardine can and that is exactly what it is like once you enter the establishment. Our reservations were for 6:15, which we were on-time for, yet the hostess asks us to wait in the bar area.. which is even MORE crowded, for our party to be called. We waited 30-40 minutes before we were actually seated. There were too many people and it was impossible to walk and move around. I understand we dined at prime dinner time, but it should not be crowded to the point where if you fall you feel as if you would have gotten stepped on by at least 5 people. Finally our party was called and we were seated at a table of 5 and we were too close for comfort to fellow diners. The staff is constantly moving and I do not know how they deal with that because there is literally no space to move around yet they manage. The sound level is incredibly high as well which makes it virtually impossible to have a nice conversation. As for the food, I ordered the steak rubbed in porcini mushrooms with tuscan fries and steamed broccoli. My steak was cooked very well and it was full of flavor. I skipped the fries because they lacked flavor and steamed broccoli, is, well.... steamed broccoli. After the main entree I ordered the original panna cotta, and it was divine. Perfect consistency and flavor. When dining out you hope that the food and atmosphere are nice and enjoyable, but while dining at Becco the only nice thing was my piece of steak. The prices are too high for the experience you will have and while my steak was good.. the other entrees my family members had ordered did not live up to their expectations. This restaurant definitely is a 'touristy' one, and the feeling of being a sardine in a can was not enjoyable whatsoever. Definitely will be my first and last visit here.
