My gorgeous man-piece and I went here in October for his birthday dinner (A little late? Maybe.) We literally live right across the street and had been talking about this place since the building was painted and the "Ulivo" sign went up. We'd always been curious. On top of that, every time we walk by the tall, sometimes open, window-doors on the west side of the building...it's always packed! Not a bad sign. Made our res online that day, got home from work, grabbed a couple bottles of vino and raced across the street. We. Could. Not. Wait. We were seated right away and spoke with our server, Jen, about the nights specials and she offered to uncork our wine and to put my white wine on ice. We looked over the menu, having already (mostly) made up our minds on what we wanted. (It changed) I ordered the apple-frisee salad to start and my husband got the mussels. Both were absolutely beautiful. I could eat that salad all day every day and then some. For our main course, I ordered the spiced chicken alla mattone with a side of the marinated beets while he ordered the flat iron steak and a side of the pappardelle on special that night. Oh my gaahhhhhhsh! We couldn't even look at each other. We were too involved in our plates. I didn't even want to talk to him and it was his birthday. I think I mustered a full-mouthed "How is it?" at some point. He may have replied, I don't know. I was too in love with my food. The chicken was perfect and moist and spiced and generous! The beets were to die for. I love beets. But these were out of this world. We were undecided on dessert, as they all looked so good, but the cheesecake stood out as something we knew and loved and would thoroughly enjoy. We split a piece. Amazing!! Perfect end to a perfect meal. And then there's Jen, our server. She was outstanding. It's been a month since we visited and I am still so impressed with how awesome she was and feel the need to bring it up! She's great. Her suggestions were on point and she was incredibly friendly and sweet. I cannot wait to go back again soon. Especially, because I live so close, I can always smell the food on my way home from my car. It's calling me! "Chelsea, you know you want to". Yes. I do.
