A friend from out of town came here a few months ago and we ate here for a really nice dinner.  I've been meaning to review this place forever!   This place has huge windows that provide a great view of the street, the decor is gorgeous and it has that really homey, country cozy feel to it that you wish more places had in manhattan.  We totally stumbled upon this place by accident, but we were so glad we did!  It wound up being the highlight of her trip out to NY. After a few minutes of deliberation, my friend decided to have the Arctic Char, which came just a few minutes before pork porterhouse arrived.  I tasted it and thought it was amazing, and got that sad, mad at yourself feeling that you get when you see somebody else's food and say to yourself  "crap, i should have gotten that instead i really blew it." But once my Pork Porterhouse arrived, all those tensions were laid to rest. I didn't know there was such a thing as a Pork Porterhouse.  I thought a porterhouse could only be beef!  Is this a play on words or a way for the restaurant to trick you into thinking you're ordering a steak???  I'm not sure...but ignorance is bliss.  I went with it and had a huge ass porkchop that was so amazing.  The orzo it came with was out of this world and the arugula added the perfect touch! We had gnocci as well...amazing. I know this is kind of a sucky review for such an amazing restaurant, but it was like, 5 months ago and i've eaten at lots of places since then.  Its not easy to remember! But whats not forgettable is this: AMAZING Wine AMAZING Service AMAZING Decor AMAZING Food The Price?  eeehh not so amazing but the fact that the ambiance, service and food are SO great makes it worth while all the way! This isnt a place i'd go with some random nobody.  Take a special friend for their bday dinner, or a date that you really like.   If you're looking for a place thats really incredible but not stuffy, has great food and great ambiance...look no further!   And a big plus is that they have their menu on their website, WITH prices (which i think is really cool)! Enjoy!
