2 stars instead of 1 because they have only been open a couple of months, and may work out the kinks as they grow. We got the ribs dinner with greens, and the half chicken with corn. The crust on the ribs was great, good seasoning, but the rib meat itself was tough and dry, not at all moist and succulent the way it should be. The chicken was moist, but fairly bland. Plus the chicken's skin was all thick and rubbery, which is a little gross. The coleslaw that comes with every entree is tiny. It comes in a little 1 ounce side cup, the kind people put salad dressing or jello shots in. At first I was annoyed because I love coleslaw and wanted more, but as soon as I had a bite I realized it didn't matter what size they gave me: it was dry and bland, tasted like plain raw shredded veggies. The greens were kale, and the gentleman who took our order (very nice guy, btw) told us they were sauteed with garlic. In fact, they were completely unseasoned other than with (what I think were) red pepper flakes. The kale was completely dry and greyish, it looked like someone had boiled it and then squeezed the moisture out. Not good. I LOVE kale, in every other form I've ever eaten it in. The corn was fine, but they had packaged it up in a cardboard bowl (like one you'd get a hotdog in), and then wrapped it up in some paper and tinfoil. The corn had a little sauce on it, but because it was packaged so poorly, the sauce ended up on the inside and outside of the bag, as well as the inside and outside of every other container in the bag. Basically everywhere other than on the corn, which it where we would have liked it. May I humbly suggest you invest in a bunch of the clear plastic take-out containers every other restaurant in the world uses? Given the tremendous gulf between our experience at G.Lee and the rest of the reviewers, I can only assume we caught them on their worst night ever, and that most - if not all - of the other reviews are from their friends and family. The decor is kitschy, really over the top, overly enthusiastic cowboy theme: Wanted Dead or Alive posters printed on yellowed paper, cowboy wall cutouts, twine wrapped around things for no reason. Plus a disco light ball, which makes no sense, but I guess it's festive?
