It's 11pm. You're hungry. Really hungry. But you don't want to venture too far from the hotel you're staying at on Central Park South. And you don't feel like getting dressed up. In fact, just putting on a coat over your pajamas is about all the energy you can muster in regards to preserving your appearance and dignity. What is your option? The 53rd & 6th Halal Cart, of course! Yes, in bitter cold temperatures that were dipping down into the low 30's/high 20's, my travel companion and I walked the few blocks down 6th Avenue to quell our case of the munchies at the infamous halal cart that monopolizes the corner of 6th & 53rd. Indeed, the thought of a plate of meaty, carby goodness animated us to action, in spite of the unfavorable outside elements. Without a doubt, this particular halal cart is popular. When we arrived shortly after 11pm, there was a line. And the line throughout our brief stay there only became longer and longer as the minutes passed. Thankfully, the operation is run seamlessly, and tin foil plates were being filled up with spoonfuls of meats and rice faster than I could count. In a matter of a few minutes, we both had steaming plates placed in our eager hands. For only $6, mammoth-sized portions of food are served that will surely send even the most morbidly obsese subjects back to their hotels or domiciles with satisfied grins. I chose the Mixed Plate. The Mixed Plate consists of gyro, chicken, yellow rice, lettuce, tomatoes, and, of course, your choice of delicious sauces. Being the adventurous foodie I am, I poured both the red and white sauces all over my plate. HOT. Really hot. In fact, the spice intensity met my heat threshold, a feat that is rarely accomplished. As for the dish itself, it was wondrous. The meat was tender and flavorful. The rice was stupendous. All of the ingredients just worked well together. It met every expectation. Did I probably gain a pound after devouring the ENTIRE thing. Probably so. Was it worth it? Well..... It's really a double-edged sword to eat this staggeringly good food. I'll just say that the following day I was kicking myself for failing to pack a bottle of Imodium. Notwithstanding, in spite of the day-after comeuppance I received for dabbling with the dark side on 53rd & 6th, I'd do it again. Imodium in hand, of course.
