Finally!!! The wait is over. I've been trying to come here ever since they opened but decided to wait a bit to see what people says. Must say they do live up to the hype but I would give it a 4.7 stars rounding up to 5. My bf and I were lucky. we were able to get a reservation for 2 calling in on a busy fri night. They had time for us at 945. So we went a bit earlier and waited until a little past 10 for us to get seated. We were so hungry atm we ordered immediately. We got seated at the high table area and our server  was really friendly and nice that we had a bit of convo going on. Really like the vibe and ambience here. Not a huge place but they way they have it set up with the huge communal table in the middle really helps. For the two of us we started with the okomomiyaki, and the tebasaki gyoza. I was looking at their picture it looked like some of the gyozas were served with sauces but we didn't get them with it. It was really good and they fried it right before they serve U so the inside was really tender and juicy while the outside remain crispy and hot. I really like it and thought the 2 people's is just about right for the 2 of us. However maybe because we didn't. Had the sauce it came off to be a bit under flavor / blend for me. But def nothing to complain about the quality of it. As for the main course we both got a ramen for each. I had the spicy miso and he had the totally  chicken. Mine was real good and decided to go with the seasoned egg which made it even better. It was the right amount of spice and the soup base was rich enough and not too oily. The noodles were very good as well..as I said before very 'Q' texture. Just about how I like them. For the totally chicken. I was a bit hesitant about this since I've never had a chicken ramen so I told him to try it. And it turns out to be really good! Completely different from what I expect it. The chicken made the soul very rich and 'boney' if you know what I mean..similar to tonkatsu base I feel like, and brings the flavor of the dish out even better. While the ramen noodle they had were the skinny ones and they were good as well. Overall I def recommend trying this interesting dish. Their menu selection is quite small, which is good I think. Our total came down to about 80 with tips. Which I thought was a bit pricey for ramens. Since the appetizers portion are real small. But quality is def outstanding. I would come back again to try their uni!!! Staffs are all very friendly too which made the experience even better!
