I spent our drive to Philly nerve-wrackedly checking mirrors and dodging merging I-95 semis with sweaty palms and racing heart. Huxley spent it reading about Philly Mag's Top 50 restaurants on her phone. Oblivious to my distress, "Oyster House!" she shouted out. "Ooh, we have to go to this place!" I was sold. We'd spent the day drinking, shopping, walking, and occasionally arguing. So by the time the sun set, we were ready to shower, regroup, and get our dine on. Given our penchant for oysters and any and all things shellfish, our expectations were high. Oyster House delivered. We sauntered in around 8pm on a Saturday, which is pretty much peak time. They said it'd be a thirty minute wait, unless we wanted to sit at the front bar facing the window. We're both exhibitionists at heart, so we had no reservations about all the center city passersby watching us eat. To the window bar we went. Oyster House, at night, is a rather lurid affair. The lights are few and scattered, the bars are white marble, the chairs black ebony. The crowd is mixed, but all proper, all done up, all sitting tall with shoulders squared and chins ajutt. The echo of mingling conversations is lent a more sophisticated edge than you get in most places; you can tell these folks are discussing bombastic things. It's a classy joint. I slipped Hux's coat off her shoulders, allowing the backs of my fingers to trace subtly down her bare arms. She wedged in on the barstool, thighs tight and knees angled toward the wall. Her skirt was short but not inappropriately so. "I'm so going to give someone a show..." she said, motioning toward the open glass before us. I grinned. Our waiter arrived, smooth-shaven and clear-skinned, strong jaw and cheeks, intentionally messy hair... unnecessarily handsome. "He looks kind of like Liam from New-90210," Hux said under her breath. I nodded in agreement. He took our drink order; I went with one of their signature cocktails (a gin drink), she got a beer (some smoked amber). While debating the menu, this polite bartender came up behind us with a tray, bald head and pale skin and red-bearded. A modern ginger at his most primed. He nodded toward me. "I feel like we should be brothers," he said as he sat down my drink. Huxley laughed. "I love him!" she said to me as she playfully squeezed the elbow of the barman's colorful shirt. He blushed. Though ordinarily enamored with all things Gin, I was not terribly impressed by the Reinventing Axl Rose. Too much vermouth for my tastes; not enough gin. Hux's smoked amber was pretty excellent, though. Just smoky enough to bite, but not so much that you felt you were swallowing a cinder. I opted for GnT from then on. Liam returned but we were still undecided. Hux told me to just pick some things. "Um, a half dozen oysters for sure," I said, "how about three Mermaid Coves and three Cape May Salts?" Liam nodded. "And put us in for some mussels, calimari, and a side of butternut squash." As I handed our menus to him I noticed Hux staring at his jaw with a sort of unhealthy gleam. I kicked her foot. "This is fun," I said, referencing not just Oyster House but the weekend in Philly in general. "We should do this more often." Hux dropped her head low and shook her hair all around until it was messy and falling around her face. She turned and stared up at me, lips agrin, pale eyes firing hot behind the dangling moss of her bangs. "Are we together?" she asked, emphasizing the word 'together'. "Of course we are. What else would be?" She dropped her eyes. "Are you asking me to go steady?" I asked with a satirical giggle. "No, I'm asking if you think we already are..." Liam returned with our plate of oysters, six fat halfshells all drenched and squirming and begging to be slid, salaciously, down our throats. I plucked one Mermaid Cove from the ice, dashed it with a touch of chili sauce, stared at Hux, and slurped it down. She fetched a Cape May and did the same. "These are perfect," I said to her. She didn't really look at me. The oysters didn't last long. We're pros. Fortunately, Liam was right behind us with our other plates. The mussels blew our minds, soaked through with the savory glints of broth and scallion and onion and sublime. The calimari too was peak, but less glamorous. And the squash served a beautiful palate cleanser between the other two. We worked back and forth in a little triangle, each sampling one item in a clever orchestration of fork and froth. I put my hand on her thigh; she pulled it away. Outside, denizens of the Philly night shot us furtive glances as they strolled past. I made eye contact with each of them, my mouth usually full and dripping. Some smiled, others looked away in disgust. As we got up to leave I stretched open Hux's coat to allow her to fold her slender arms into the sleeves. I wrapped it down around her and pressed my chest against her head and shoulders. I leaned in toward her neck. "You're mine and I'm yours and that's that," I said.
