A real gem. I've been dozens of times, and almost invariably have felt charmed, satiated, and delighted. I could almost give it 5 stars, which I think should be reserved only for places that soar on all levels time and again. It almost does - so close. In fact, if it wasn't for a few isolated instances, i.e. - not being asked if my girlfriend and I wanted dessert before having the bill hastily put in front of us (I was so looking forward to the pineapple gelato!), being treated with less attention (to an almost startling extent) on the one occasion I went in by myself, and that one time when the mussels were significantly under-seasoned, I would in fact give it 5 stars. Here's why. The food is apparently Australian. I only know this because my girlfriend has a friend who knows the chef, otherwise I would describe it as rustic modern American with the occasional Asian twist. For example, mussels in curried coconut milk broth with chilies and cilantro. Indian? Not really - the big hunks of crispy-in the-outside-chewy-on-the-inside torn bread isn't an east-indian kind of thing, or thai or any other asian cuisine that I can think of.  I've seen other asian ingredients on the menu. I'm not going to rely on memory to list them off - the risk of being both pretentious and incorrect in the same breath is too great. Suffice to say, the food has a playful mix of ingredients. And it works.  I'm a chef, and therefore critical of restaurant food, especially when a concept misses the mark or is just plain amateur. Five Leaves is one of those places where the food is consistently so delicious, beautiful, playful, sophisticated, comforting and satisfying all at the same time that you never really have the time to make a philosophical assessment of the menu and it's execution. Ok, I'm fibbing, a bit; on occasion I take a breath and exclaim to my fellow diners (normally my girlfriend) how delicious, smart, and satisfying it all is. But, this happens as a sort of eureka. The joy of devouring artful and well-seasoned food prepared with love and without pretense causes me to bubble forth, in a manner resembling genuine laughter, with compliments. Like when a great idea pops into your mind, seemingly "out of the blue", and you rush to share it with all and sundry, as a matter of course that precludes the luxury of self-consciousness. Also, by now I've been enough times that reading the specials menu, in rapt attention, has become routine.  And yes, some philosophical assessments are made. In short: the kitchen has they're shit together. The service is also very good. The servers know and understand the menu in a way that feels natural. In other words, it's never occurred to me that one of them needed to memorize the menu and relavent knowledge, like a dutiful but uninterested student - they just get it. It's a smart and well-oiled team. Attentive, and at times very impressive. One server in particular, don't know her name, has a special talent for serving couples. She has a way of giving you enough space while still being attentive, and making everything feel special on a level that's, yes, artistic. Finally, the decor. So, ok, there are a lot of hipsters here. If that's not your thing then be warned. I don't really care. The decoration is charming and cozy, a little quirky - similar to the overall look of the service team: good-looking, friendly, tasteful, and a little quirky. For music they have a record player, which plays a range of music depending on the bar back djing. I've heard New Order, T-Rex, The Cure, some weird but very cool electronica tracks I didn't recognize, and lots more all befitting the general character, in a way that's neither specific or obviously intentional, of the place itself. Whether your a foodie or just want a good meal out, definitely check this place out.
