My husband and I went here on a Wednesday evening based on a recommendation from my brother-in-law and was extremely pleased.  We saw the outside area but as it was late at night on a weeknight we just sat inside. We tried the BBQ Pork Ribs, a slice of the Texas pizza, chicken wings, and french fries with roasted garlic rosemary dipping sauce and shared it all.  First of all, I love ribs, and these were some of the best ribs you can find (except maybe if you go to the south for real BBQ).  They were amazingly tender and falling off the bone.  They gave us BBQ sauce and their chili sauce to put on there.  Both sauces were good but I decided to just eat the ribs as they were because I enjoyed them so much.  My husband planned out the order to eat so that he would have a rib as the last item so that would be the lingering flavor. The smoked mozzarella on the pizza was the most amazing thing I have ever tasted.  I was talking to the (assuming) owner to see if he would sell me just the mozzarella (which he said he has never done but might consider).  The sausage and onions and pesto just worked so well together.  As it was late on a weeknight, they had to take a regular slice and add the extra ingredients and it was still good.  I can't wait to go back to try it again when it was made as a texas slice.   Chicken wings were solid but not amazing.  They needed to be dipped in the sauce.  Its hard to get a smoky flavor since they don't smoke too long.  The french fries were cooked perfectly and my husband wanted to just drink the dipping sauce because he loved it so much. We enjoyed dinner so much that we ordered a whole pie (Max's) to go so we would have left overs for lunch the next day.  Again, we were so happy with the flavors and enjoyed every slice.   The atmosphere was a little strange inside, it was very casual and not at all what I was expecting.  They have very little seating inside and you order everything at the counter.  The man there (assuming owner) was very nice and talking to us about his smoking techniques. We will definitely be going back to this place again.
