These are not the xiao long baos I can drift into sleep dreaming of at night. I've only been to the other location once, and remembered it as filling, inexpensive and unremarkable. More recently, we came to this place with a purpose, which, sadly for me, remains unfulfilled. I guess there was talk of soup dumplings and in my head I went somewhere else. What we got was not right. The skin was too thick. When I pierced one by accident, it spewed all over my sweater (which I subsequently had to dry clean), my bag and the table & wall, my phone narrowly escaping the projectile hemorrhage. I'm used to a delicate, nearly translucent skin that, when pierced, allowed molten hot broth to gracefully flow out into the soup spoon that are designed just for such a joyous occasion. I should've know when I saw the bao standing up and retaining shape when they came to the table. The skin should not be so thick as to be able to hold itself up like mini igloos, that's for a different kind of bao! We also got potato/meat pies. I didn't have any. They looked really unappetizing, each with their own little wading pool of grease sitting on top, like a dollop of cream, but worse. I got a five spice beef noodle soup. The beef was tender, and the traditional cut used in the Taiwanese iteration of the dish. For the broth and noodles, I would have rather gone next door  to Nan Zhou. That brings me to the seaweed salad. We are at a CHINESE/SHANGHAINESE establishment, are we not?! Why did you give me Japanese/Korean seaweed salad? What is happening! I was expecting long 1/8 inch wide dark green strands of seaweed tossed in chili & sesame oil with some salt! Instead I got the ombre/multi-techno-color sweet and sour tossed with mirin and white sesame seed nonsense that you get at Sammy Chon's or a sushi place or even the deli salad bar when the owner is Korean. Ugh. I mean I like those. I just wasn't in the mood for them. What I was in the mood for, I could have had next door, without this emotionally draining mix-up. I might be back for things like their turnip filled pastry, or the pan fried soup dumplings (since they seem to really have the thick wall of dough thing down pat), though I have my doubts about their level of execution. In the meantime I'll cry myself to sleep holding a blown up picture of Din Tai Fung's proper soup dumplings.
