So, this review is a Yelp success story.  "I feel like having Asian food.  How about Tengda?" asked my friend Gilles by text.   Asian, fine.  Tengda, not so fine.  What to do?  What to do?  Checking out Yelp I saw that Lao is by far the highest-rated Asian place in the area.  Tengda and company don't even come close.   Fortunately, I was able to switch Tengda to Lao after a few texts.  In case you're wondering about Tengda, it's kind of like a mini PF Chang's, but not as good or at least that's what it was like when I was there.  The one in Milford is a huge place and for some reason they kept banging a gong.  That gong did it for me.  I can't go back.  Ever.  And the food was just ok. So, the Yelp reviews for Lao definitely were right on track.  I even printed out the review from Kedar, a vegan from Minnesota, as a very helpful guide to ordering.  I've never done that before, but he was spot on. We started off with the tofu crepe with black mushrooms as an appetizer.  For some reason, the mushrooms have a lot more flavor and better texture cooked in the crepe than usual.  Put it on the list if you go! I thought the steamed vegetable dumplings were good, but my friend said he's a dumpling fan and they were delicious.  Ok, so get them if you like dumplings.  I would probably try one of the other recommendations on my next visit. For my entree, I had another Kedar recommendation the vegan Kung Pao tofu.  As he points out, it's not on the menu, but after checking with the kitchen, the waiter kindly obliged.  And I'm glad they did, it's excellent.  The tofu is well cooked, but it's the sauce that makes it.  Forget the usual too-sweet version, this one is just the right combination of savory and sweet and slightly thick.  I would go back just for that.   The beef vegetable stir fry looked really good and was served with something like a tortilla to wrap it up and eat easily.  Two thumbs up! So, a quick note about all those stars.  I went with the Woohoo 5-stars as a comparative rating.  The restaurant itself is definitely a step above the average Chinese place with lots of takeout and a couple of tables.  Tengda may have the fancy design, but you get the feeling that Lao is the real deal.  You get basic tables with tablecloths and a fairly spare decor.  Food is served quickly, but if you need something, you have to call the waiter over.  No problem there, they're quite accommodating, even if you have to work to get your point across at times.   Another factor in the 5 stars is the price.  You get a lot of food and flavor for the price.  In our case, it was $30 per person with 2 appetizers, entrees, and two glasses of wine.  But most of all, the food is among the best Chinese food I have had.  Usually, when people suggest Chinese I come up with alternatives, but I'd be happy to go back to Lao anytime.  Best of all, no banging gongs!
