We had such an amazing time here on a beautiful Sunday morning yesterday! Took my kids out and travelled all the way here to try their pumpkin pancakes! Me and the kids were early, and got here about 9:45 am. Plenty of seats both inside and outside, we beat the crowd, YAY. Bestie was a little late but the hostess offered to seat us first since my girls were being impatient. We ended up getting the table on the "other" side. Was a quiet little corner separated by the stairs to the apartment upstairs, with a table that only fits a party of 4, you would have to walk inside the restaurant towards the end, make a left and walk thru another section of seats. This cozy little space felt somewhat romantic yet private, we had it all to ourselves. Back to the food, Addy finally showed up after a 15 minute delay. Our waitress just had the sweetest smile and was very kind and attentive, also very patient! We ordered the tusinian eggs, pumpkin pancakes, and a plate of buttermilk pancakes. Correction, actually BLUEBERRY pancakes since Kaylen jumped right in and demanded blueberries(another one of her faves) HAHA!   Pancakes, sooo MOIST, yet soo FLUFFY! I've never had such delicious pancakes! Pumpkin pancakes is served with a cinnamon yogurt sauce, it was just phenominal and the sauce just balanced it so well that we didn't even use the syrup! Blueberry pancakes came with warm berry compote made with real fresh fruits, mouth watering finger licking good! Kaylen and Karen both enjoyed the cakes with the sauce, and obviously killed all the blueberries. The tusinian eggs were actually my favorite dish of the entire meal, even though we came for their pumpkin pancakes. Over easy eggs made perfect, the spicy peppers were smoky and flavorful, and the home fries were seasoned well and to wrap it all up the was the homemade pita that I used to "lick" the plate, well we were sitting outside gotta keep it classy lol. It was a great experience and our girls brunch date never felt so carefree, for once when the kids are here! Friendly people, satisfying food, great ambience! Will come again and again to try all your items on your menu, see you guys soon!
