I was in New York for a client meeting, and our client had just recently returned from Peru and was just raving about a drink she had there called a Pisco Sour. I was reading the Delta in-flight magazine, and an article mentioned that Employees Only was known for serving that very drink. We called to make a reservation for 4, and told them we'd be in in about 30 minutes. About 60 minutes later (thanks to NYC traffic), we arrived at the address listed, and we weren't sure we were in the right place, as the name of the restaurant isn't anywhere to be found. Instead, I noticed the neon "Psychic" sign in the window and the letters "EO" on the awning and figured that's where we were headed. Employees Only definitely had a speakeasy feel, and while it was a little strange to see a psychic sitting in the front window when you enter, we didn't have much time to question it as we were quickly escorted to the only table left in the restaurant. The tables are located around the perimeter of the restaurant and seating at Employees Only is extremely tight. If you choose to be seated in the cushy booth, the table will be pushed to you and your dining partners will be seated in chairs across from you. And then you're pretty much stuck unless you want to ask the chair-sitters and the people at the table next to you to get up and excuse you as well (seriously-- it's that cramped). The environment is very energetic (read: loud), but everyone was having a great time. Onto the food: everyone at our table ordered a Pisco sour, and we began with the charcuterie appetizer. The Pisco sours take some getting used to, but they're tasty. The charcuterie was fantastic-- and we absolutely loved the chicken pate. My main course was a duck confit salad... perfectly crispy shredded pieces of duck served with granola, crunchy red cabbage and fresh greens with a light dressing. Others at my table ordered the salmon entree and one tried the skate entree. They raved about all of their choices and ate every last bite. We all shared the chocolate milk cake, which was a rich chocolate cake drenched in chocolate milk, served with dark chocolate mousse and caramelized bananas. Delicious.
