I came here for my birthday brunch yesterday, which was a great time.  It's rather crowded so you'll probably wait about 30 - 45 minutes for a table.  They only take reservations for parties of 8, hard to find that many people.  I had a party of 6, so we waited patiently for a table to open while enjoying a few bloody marys at the bar in the front.   The bartenders are super nice at the bar, very attentive and drinks are made quickly.  The $9 bloody mary is delicious, complete with pickled green beans.  Nice and spicy! We were seated after about 40 minutes.  Our waitress was very nice, although rather busy.  We ordered entrees and pitcher of mimosa, which was delicious.   Here's what we got: Biscuits with sausage gravy and scrambled eggs:  I ordered this, but the biscuits came with melted cheddar cheese on them.  I'm allergic to cheese and was really surprised by this.  The menu never said cheese was on this item, but the waitress was really nice and took it away to return with a whole new place w/ regular biscuits. The kitchen turned my entree around so quickly and it was absolutely delicious!!  I definitely recommend this and if you like cheddar, I bet its even better.   Fried Chicken & Waffles: two of my friends got this and loved it.  The chicken was juicy and perfectly crisp.  The waffle was sweet and soft.  The grapefruit was another nice touch.  A big meal, so come hungry! Shrimp & Grits: my friend loved this dish.  Definitely ate every bite.  It looked awesome. Masa Cakes: my friend said it was SUPER spicy with a peppery flavor.  She likes spicy but thought the chorizo was a little too hot for her.  She enjoyed it, but would choose something else in the future. Blueberry Johnny Cakes w/ pork belly:  my friend wasn't thrilled w/ this option.  She got it specifically for the blueberry pancakes which ended up having very little blueberry to it.  The pork belly was pure fat, so pretty much inedible.   Overall everything was really good.  Most of us enjoyed our food, which came out quickly and nice n' hot.  We were never rushed and the atmosphere was very pleasant.  Although it takes a while to get in and seat down, its worth the wait.
