This should actually be 3.5 stars. We went for the first time on Thursday evening. When we arrived, most of the tables were occupied, which was a good sign. We opted to sit at the chef's table. We ordered a Negroni and a My Little Huckleberry. Both cocktails were delicious . To start we had the escargots and the sous vide egg. Presentation of both dishes was beautiful. The escargots come with a yummy bright green broth that's tart and tangy; comes with very cool scallion chips. The sous vide egg is served on a bed of wonderfully crunchy potato hash, with Serrano ham and spinach puree. Both were scrumptious but something in one of the dishes made both our mouths and lips itch. Very weird, but that didn't stop us from cleaning our plates. (Lips were back to normal pretty much by the time we left.) To our surprise, the chef treated us to a mid-course of a mushroom puree with some cool, funky noodles and a mussel. Very good. He said we looked adventurous, so... Main dishes: skate cheeks and dry-aged sirloin. With the sirloin came the first "miss" of the evening. It was WAY over-salted. But my dining companion is a very good eater -- member of the clean-plate club -- and he didn't want to complain. I didn't really care for the sirloin, but we actually ate about two-thirds of it. So I didn't feel it was right to complain/comment on the saltiness. The skate cheeks were good all around. My partner didn't like the aggressive water glass refilling, complete with a "Pardon my reach" each time. Me? Shrug. How can ding them for keeping you hydrated? Neither of us was too keen on how our server brought the drinks menu back over and laid it next to me without comment after we'd finished our starters, with the presumption we'd be ordering a glass each to accompany our main courses. But I don't think this was huge deal, though. We didn't intend to order more alcohol. I know it's important for restaurants to sell it, but it's always the diner's prerogative to decline. We were pretty full after the main dishes and, truthfully, none of the desserts sounded all that compelling to us. All in all, I'd say I probably wouldn't rush to go back: for the price point, I was surprised that the sirloin was so disappointing. For the level of upscale-ness the place seems to exude, I'd expect the main courses to be spot on every time. But I would recommend Prospect for those amazing starters, even if you risk itchy lips.
