I think Jeepney's food is a great introduction to the cuisine if you have never had filipino food before. Their food selection ranges from the chori burger and longganisa dog (basically a hotdog with really good, fresh toppings) for those less adventurous in the group to Balut (fertilized duck embryo boiled in shell-- still not courageous enough to try it... maybe next time) and Pancit in squid ink. At the recommendation of my boyfriend I tried the avocado milkshake, which sounds gross, but was actually pretty good (mild sweetness with toasted coconut flakes.. a bit of an avocado aftertaste but it's not a turnoff). We also shared the longganisa dog and arroz caldo (a type of rice porridge with fried tripe-- had great flavor and texture) as appetizers. For the main, we split the smaller portion of pancit with squid ink and seafood ($17). I thought the pancit could have used more substantial sized seafood as they were pretty minuscule. We were both stuffed at the end but decided to top off the meal with halo-halo (crushed ice with coconut, some sort of beans, ube ice cream, fruit jellies topped with rice crispies). We saw everyone around us get the same dessert but in a bigger round glass bowl (similar to what you get in Korean style shaved ice) but we got ours in a tall ice cream parlor cup. It made it more difficult to eat but it was still delicious. The staff was very VERY friendly but they seemed to be a bit understaffed (Sunday night). The front portion of the restaurant is a bar with long bar tables along the wall. It was pretty empty when we walked in, which is why we were puzzled to be waiting 15+min to be "seated." Turns out there is another dining area in the back with about 9 small tables that can be put together. It would have been nice to see people sitting towards the front of the restaurant so it doesn't look empty. In short: delicious intro to filipino cuisine; casual vibe; quirky R-rated decor (wall murals of girls with very nice breasts); service a bit slow but friendly!
