Craft beer and great pizza. That's reason enough to take a day trip from Manchester to Burlington. This was my wife's highlight of our trip to Burlington, Burton was mine. We were starving after a day of exploring and we pretty much knocked down the door to open the bar at 4:30. We got our name on the list for the first seating, which seemed pretty necessary as AF was packed when we left. Grabbing a few stools at the bar, we perused the options at hand. Not a Lite or Bud Light swill to be seen to sully the experience. This brewery was going to treat us right with 11 of their own brews and others from locals only. A few different sizes to choose from and we started small to sample the offerings. Weizenheimer hefe for me, TLA IPA for Kris. Both good. Next round for Kris was the Cask Sticky Fingers and I had the Pumpkin, which was our favorite of the lot. americanflatbread.com/re… Off to the table we go for our feast. We could see the brick oven they were working pizzas in and we got excited. They split toppings on the pies, which made things a bit easier for us. Sundried tomato and mushroom and New Vermont Sausage on the other half(which was the same add sausage). Punctuated Equilibrium (basically a Greek) of olives, goat cheese, roasted peppers, red onions, and fresh rosemary on one half, the special Buffalo Chicken on the other. I had been told to get the special by the bartender, and that was a good call as the spicy chicken was well blended with the blue cheese sauce, carrot strips and red onion. Tommy like wingy! I liked the sausage pie a lot too. We got two larges, which is a lot of food. They came out really quick. The crusts were perfect, charred yet chewy. We housed the first one and made it about halfway through the next before we packed up leftovers. We both had pints of the pumpkin brew to wash dinner down, it was great. It was busy here by the time we finished, so plan ahead and get a rez. Note: our bartender mentioned that they were eying an expansion to Chicago, so keep an eye out for that. It would be a most welcome addition in town.
