Just read a couple reviews from yesterday (05/17/14)saying how the place was horrible and I can easily assure to whoever reads this that those comments came from one extremely rude and loudly obnoxious table - who was sitting right by us - who not only came in late, but took fooooooreeeeeveeeeer to order their food, and since everything is made fresh to order, started making a scene about waiting. They got so loud to the point that the whole room was  resenting them for the spoiling precious fine-dining moments. If you stumble in one of those comments, keep that in mind.   Aaaaaaaanyway. To our experience: My husband and I had our wedding celebration there a year ago and it was the most amazing experience ever: food, service, ambiance... It was a dream. We had a baby there  - albeit a well-behaved one - and the staff was on top of everything to make sure we had a perfect day. So, when we came back yesterday for our anniversary, we were afraid that a year ago we were clouded by the newlywed googles, and that it wasn't actually such an amazing place as we remember. It was even better. First of, it is the most romantic place in NYC. Nothing beats the fresh flowers, the velvet seats, and the fireplace... I don't know how they manage it but it does not come off snotty but extremely cozy and oh-so-romantic. The staff was once again great and made all they could so this 8 months pregnant did not go wanting for anything. Also, my husband who knows a great deal about wine was surprised with our waitress' recommendations. We had four different tapas but the croquetas de bacalao and the Alcachofas fritas were outstanding - and as somebody who lived in Spain for most of my childhood, I can tell they are (for the lack of a better word, and taking the risk of sounding like a ditzy teenager) LEGIT. If you're feeling adventurous, their blood sausage is the best I ever tried on this side of the pond too. For entree, the bass was perfectly done and paired with several different flavors which worked deliciously. On that note, the papas bravas are obviously sprinkled with crack-cocaine - I kept eating even after my pregnancy heartburn came down in all its might. Finally, the flowerless chocolate cake paired with the pistachio sorbet was the perfect ending to our perfect celebration. I truly hope that in the ever-changing Chelsea dining scene we can always make our way back to this fabulous place until our Platinum anniversary.
