I would like to live here.... bring my most favorite soft blanket and wake up to a free mimosa and a bustling kitchen making me delicious food..surrounded by extraordinary hosts who treat you like they've known you forever. Yes, this is my happy place. I do not know why it took me so long to get here, but not that the man-friend lives around 8 minutes from this place,  I know where I'll be checking in regularly! The special was orange marmalade pancakes with duck hash and duck bacon.  Orange Marmalade brings me back to my Paddinton Bear days (anyone?anyone?), but I'm a fan of it that much so I passed. What I had instead: Free mimosa (of course) Kentucky Benedict:  Fried chicken on cheesey biscuits. topped with a fried egg and slathered in sausage gravy.  Yep... I had that. It was everything I wanted in a soak up the tremors of Saturday night, kind of way.  I didn't drink smoothies and eat kale salad all week for nothin! The only slight complaint?  My poached egg was hard inside. Ah well, I'll get em' next time. The man friend had the cubano...(ok fine, maybe we shared both meals)..with pulled pork..BBQ..cheddar and a delish cheddar roll bursting with flavor.  I order sweet potato fries on the side.  It was delicious and bursting with flavor.   One complaint:  the sides it comes with...didn't come with the order (they were supposed to with the fries as well).  But it's ok...I didn't need it and it didn't ruin my experience. We also shared a side of the "hash of the day".. It was DUCK hash..and so so good.  The potatoes were a mixture of white, sweet and purple potatoes...peppers..and water chestnuts! what a treat! Service was great, the owner was welcoming and talkative...giving us information for upcoming dinners...telling us about a local made hot sauce they offer... etc...such a nice experience. Sidenote...if you like hot sauce..they have about 10 different varities.  Also a plus in my book. Did I like this place?  No...I loved this place.  We've already made reservations for dinner this weekend and hoping to make this our regular spot...breakfast, lunch, brunch, dinner...doesn't matter..... I think the man friend said it best when he said, "this isn't the type of place that caters to hipsters and throws anything on a plate to make it "cool." and new.  This is a great place..who happens to serve you great food..consistently..." well said.
