before i get into my pretentious yin yang below.  let me tell you, if you like scallops, you must run here and try the bacon wrapped scallops appetizer!  as if anything wrapped in bacon isn't enough of an good thing, the chef sprinkles them with toasted orange peel, some delicious citrus, or maybe passion fruit infused, butter and serves them over grits.  GRITS!  i love grits.  the flavor profiles and textures were just brilliant.  no one taste was stronger than the other and the scallops were able to shine through the other ingredients.   ok, yin yang goes here ------ i had a tremendous burger jones this weekend that went well beyond my pavlovian conditioned and unconditioned carnivorous responses.  its actually a spiritual craving, which is more like the call of mythical sirens that lead sailors somewhere between a rock and hard place.  on one side the hard place called charybdis, where i can see the narcoleptic whirlpool a huge burger and fries will envelope me in.  on the other side there's scylla hiding in massive rocks made up of  the 80 grams of fat i'm about to crash into my system.   but the song of the siren is overwhelming and i am drawn to market table for their famous burger.   we arrived around dinner time only to find that the burger isn't on the dinner menu!  damn!  but, to our surprise the bartender was kind enough to mention that he would check with the kitchen to see if it was possible for them to prepare two for dinner.  he returns with good news and we order our burgers and two apps.  one order of bacon wrapped scallops and the crab cakes to start.   the burger was good, but at $15 i would  think twice before returning for another go round.  but it had its fine attributes as good burgers do.  i have to say it was one of the biggest, juiciest, perfectly charred, medium rare patty's i've ever had.  great bun also.  small enough to graciously feature the meat but strong and chewy enough to contain the vast amount of juices it had told hold on to without falling apart of becoming soggy.  try it you may enjoy it more than i.  but i also have to say that the meat lacked the melodious balance of fatty, salty, beefy music that is the sirens song to my taste buds.  its a personal insight based on places like employees only, shake shack, and corner bistro, who serve a great burger with the perfect balance i enjoy .  i truly and purposely steer clear of those places when i find myself in their neighborhood.  because i know where they are and if i get to close, i'll most certainly be between that rock and a hard place.   ----------- end of yin yang. the chef, Joey Campanaro from Philly and of Little Owl fame, has got some skills here.  enough so that i look forward to trying the rest of the menu.  the room is comfy with a corner view of carmine and bedford.  the chef is from PA and features some of its local beers like yuengling and victory pilsner, the latter is a great summer brew.  i saw some great dishes come out of the kitchen and was informed of some other exquisite items i'll report on in the future.   as for the crab cakes.  no song to sing about them... saludos -c
