I was so excited walking down Church St when I saw Yalo & Me. I mean, the place looked great. Crepe guy in the window doing what crepe guys do, long counter with delicious looking food, small, intimate eating area with a really cool look and vibe. It was with these intentions that we walked in, were seated right away, looked at the menu and chalk board  and were really happy with anticipation. We really just wanted coffee and, had we decided to stop there, this review would have at least another 2 Stars, maybe even 3. We ordered a coffee, a latte and a (I can't quite remember the name of it) crepe with goat cheese (LOVE goat cheese), wall nuts (mmmmm), honey (everyone loves honey) and arugula (most people's favorite lettuce variety). What could possibly be better on a cold Autumn day? Coffee and latte arrived. Yummy. The latte even had one of those froth milk leaf patterns and they both came with this yummy, round little waffle cookie this that was awesome. However and this is a substantial however, that all changed when the crepe arrived. Now, maybe it's me. My only recent crepe experiences have been at Sook in Ridgewood and, in case you haven't heard, Sook in Ridgewood's crepes are frigging awesome. So, back to my story: The crepe arrived and the first thing that came to mind were those annoying "Where's the Beef?" Wendy's commercials from the 80's. Only in this case the beef was the goat cheese, honey, walnuts and arugula. If there was literally a table spoon of goat cheese, 1/2 walnut, a thimble full of honey and 2 tiny springs of arugula I would be over stating. The thing was all crepe and no filling. I would say that about 20% had filling and 80% was completely empty. Now, I am a reasonable guy and mistakes do happen. Sometimes something is prepared incorrectly. So why aren't I more forgiving in my review? Crepes are hand made and prepared to order. They are not mass produced and should therefore, be presented, if nothing else, consistently. I looked at the diners next to us with a sort of WTF look on my face and noticed that theirs were prepared the same; not a filling to be seen. At $8.00, I think the price is more than fair, if only there was something more to it. I would have gladly even paid a few bucks more. However, considering how incredibly skimpy they were, I cannot recommend this place. Pity because, like I said before, I had such high hopes.
