I wish I had the experience at Tinto that so many other yelpers have! I just moved to Philly from NYC and Tinto is very close to my new place.  After yelping for a place to grab dinner and seeing the great reviews, we walked the couple blocks to try it.  It was a Wed night at 8pm and we were told the wait for a table would be an hour and a half.  You have to give the place credit for its popularity, I guess. They were able to seat us immediately at the bar, which we were fine with. The sangria was among the very few highlights of our night.  We ordered by the glass and didn't get the watered down flavor that some yelpers have complained about. And then we moved on to the menu... My first thought was, wow, I thought I'd save a little money in Philly vs. NYC!  Clearly not by eating here. For the atmosphere, portion size (tiny) and quality of the food, I would never pay these prices again - even in NYC!  We actually considered heading home immediately to order pizza instead....and should have. In an effort to help you brave ones that are still going to try Tinto, you should avoid at all costs: - Crab with peas and Benton's bacon (what IS this? they make such a big deal of calling it out in the menu and when they bring the food...looks like plain old bacon).  This dish was woefully under-seasoned and tasted like...nothing!  The crab meat looked beautiful, but even that couldn't save the dish. - Pork belly with apple. Let me say, I love pork and anything resembling bacon and found this dish shockingly bland and borderline gross. Couldn't finish my one little crustini. - Figs wrapped in serano ham.  It's a straight lie to call these "wrapped," the meat was simply placed over raw figs. Meh. Try bacon wrapped dates next time, Tinto. Some things were OK: - Arugula salad was the lone highlight - sad for a tapas place - but it was a genuinely good salad....if a little to cute (read: very small). - Shrimp brushetta - good flavor, but another lie to call this brushetta, at least to Americans.  It was two prawns on a plate, heads still on.  Not a cube of tomato or toast in sight. - Organic chicken with mash - again tiny portions of under-seasoned food, but way above most of what we ordered. We left hungry and dissatisfied with the bang we received for our $100 bucks (incl tip) and proceeded directly to the market to claim a couple of comforting pints of B&J's. I won't be back.  Too many great places in Philly to revisit this flop!
