After reading this Eater article, and adding to the comments, I decided I needed to go do this gigantic rib eye at Momofuku Ssam Bar. I went with my wife and two friends from Tabelog. We rocked it. Check out the pics and details below. We started out with what we thought was a complimentary plate of sardines on toast with fermented chic peas and pickled hearts if palm. Why did we think it was complimentary, you ask? Because (1) we didn't fucking order it, and (2) the fucking waiter told us that he brought it out to us because he wanted us to try his favorite item. I'm not gonna complain any more than dropping two F-bombs, but needless to say I was a little confused and pissed when I saw the bill and realized we were charged for it (after leaving and already paying, kind you). The app was great. Salty, juicy, earthy, "umami," and all that good shit. But there was plenty of meat, potatoes and greens to go around with the rib eye special that we didn't need an app. Now, the waiter was great and all, but a surprise charge like this, couched in "freebie" behavior, is kinda fucked up. Okay that's three F-bombs now. I'll leave the meat for last... aside from dessert, of course. The art of anticipation... Next was the bowl of perfectly fried french fries. Delicious. They came with a nice, smokey bacon ketchup too. Crispy outside, mashed potatoes inside. Mmmmm. Then a massive Caesar salad with brown butter croutons. Crisp and refreshing. Okay now for the blowout. This is a 107oz hunk of GODmeat. Dry aged for 50 days, originally hailing from the Niman farm in California, this cut of rib contains the outer fat slabs as well as what you normally get with a traditional cut of rib eye + fat cap. Here are some before shots: It was cooked to a perfect medium rare, allowed to cool, and then sliced and plated on a thick cutting board. Some of the fat was the grizzled kind, but much of it was the edible, meat bubble gum kind. Savory beef jelly. Awesome. It was served with four sauces: the bacon ketchup mentioned earlier, a bernaise sauce, a red wine + shallot marmalade, and rendered steak fat + brown butter and herbs. Also, four bundles of roasted garlic cloves, so soft that you could smear the garlic on your steak like creamy mashed potatoes or some shit. Was all this enough? Nope. Of course not. I'm a former fat guy. So we followed up with some dessert. First was a popcorn cake. Instead of sifting flower I'm the pre-baking process, they sifted popcorn. It was really unique, and served with a little side bowl of strawberry jam to spread across each forkfull. All I can say is that you should get it if you go here. And finally we had the Thai tea pie. This cold dessert had the unique characteristic flavor of Thai tea with an added tangy tamarind sauce and some sort of chocolatey, tea-infused puffed rice kinda thing on top. Nice. So that's all. Great fucking meal, aside from the fact that I was charged for something that we didn't order. On the slightly brighter side of things, however, it looks as though they forgot to charge us for our third beer. So we were still overcharged, but only by $9 instead of $15
