Got into the city late when my flight to LGA got in at 11:00 p.m.  No dinner, so when we checked in we started looking for something different for dinner that was open late.  Boy did we find it. Quite a eclectic crowd at this place at 1:00 a.m.  The vast majority were in the bar area up front.  But there was room in the back for those who were partaking of the brief late night menu.  The crowd had all types, but was mostly 20's and 30's types, but a few older folks were scattered about.  All seemed welcomed with good cheer by the staff.   As you can see from the late night menu on their web site, it is a very abbreviated menu, but based on the four courses we had from it, it is very well done.  The oysters were nice and fresh.  An appetizer of "Reuben croquettes" was surprisingly good -- light fried batter with corned beef, swiss cheese, and kraut, with Russian dressing served as a dipping sauce.  My girlfriend had a nicely grilled skirt steak with a panzanella salad and I had a "Balkan burger"  The latter was a pork "hamburger" with ajvar and kajmak accompanied by French fries liberally dosed with paprika.  Ajvar is a roasted red pepper and eggplant spread.  Kajmak is a yogurt like sauce.  (Of course, if you were like me, an ignorant culinary bumpkin from rural East Texas, you would have already known that as the people back home speak of little else!)  But all the dishes were quite good, well conceived, and very well executed.   A moderately sized (two page) wine list that I thought was extremely well selected.  We had a Marcel Laperrier 2009 Morgon that was amazingly good.  (Even a blind culinary bumpkin hog from East Texas can find an acorn on a wine list from time to time.)  But there were easily a good dozen bottles I would have loved to have tried on the list.  Pretty well priced, too.   All that being said, it's a great place for people watching, too.  My biggest complaint was the music, amazingly eclectic music, was a bit too loud, especially back in the restaurant area.  I mentioned to my dining companion how great it would be if they just turned off the music in the dining area and just let it waft back from the bar.  The volume would be perfect.  Lo and behold, probably 45 minutes later, they did just that, despite the fact that the size of the dining crowd hadn't really changed.  Maybe someone else asked, who knows.  But the music is really interesting.  I head two Rolling Stones covers in foreign languages.  Some obscure 60's rock.  Some weird Japanese stuff that I didn't like, but was admittedly interesting.  Very eclectic, indeed.   And a great place for people watching, too.  If you like stuffy, this isn't your place.  But if you're willing to try something new and different, here it is.
