Yelp, unfortunately, makes you give them at least 1 star so I will, but only for the service AFTER we complained.    When we arrived here on gradution weekend it was pretty busy (as one would assume).  We asked the host if we could sit outside and if they had service.  He said "of course!".  We went outside and the waiter seemed less than thrilled to help us.  We ordered our drinks and some hummus.  The hummus took about 10 minutes and the drinks 15 (way too long).  Once the rest of our party arrived we ordered.  The food took about 30 minutes so it wasn't bad.  When a girl delivered the food it's like she didnt know what the food was.  She didnt know the difference between a turkey burger and a regular burger.  I said pretty clearly that the fries were burned and she just looked at me, giggled and walked away.  My boyfriends food took about 10 more minutes to come out which is crazy...they should have held the food longer if it wasn't going to come out on time.  Once he finally got his food everything seemed OK.  Then my little sister took a bite of her turkey burger and it was completely RAW.  Extremely dangerous!  My dad had had enough and asked for the manager to come out so we could fix the problems.  The manager, hiding in the restaurant, sent the waiter back out to fix the problem instead of coming out himself and owning the problem.  We then told the waiter that we needed the manager outside immediately.  The manager came out and we told him about our problems.  He apologized once an proceeded to really do nothing.  He tried to make excuses then finally asked us what we wanted.  How professional.  He decided to buy us desserts, whatever.  The bill was brought out with the desserts still on it an the manager never cared to return and make sure our experience had been turned around.  Being a restaurant manager, I know my job is to take care of my guests and I would have gone above and beyond when problems like this occur.  He did not go above and beyond and we had to force him to help us out.  We will never be dining here again and you can bet that we will tell plenty of people about our experience.
