This is as good as it gets in New Haven, bar-wise.  I've ended up there about four times now, and each time discover something new and fantastic. First: the drinks.  Su-perb.  Also expensive.  But let's do some cost-benefit analysis: 4 shitty beers at $3 apiece at a sweaty, disgusting, crowded bar (not that I don't frequent the odd one of those every once in a while) = the same alcohol content as one delicious, carefully prepared, lethally alcoholic cocktail, at between $12 and $16.  For an extra $0-$4, you get a drink that's super-potent, super-high quality, and you can lounge around waiting for it to be brought to you instead of getting everyone else's sweat on you while pining for a bartender's attention.  And those drinks are top-shelf, alcohol and mix wise.  The Dr. No is a delicious alcohol-bomb, capable of flooring you if you haven't eaten substantial food beforehand.  Served super-cold, ridiculously smooth, and perfectly mixed.  The Fourth and Main (I think) is its own magical mix of hendricks and makers mark with lime, one other special ingredient and chiles.  Yes - chiles.  It's phenomenal: slightly sweet and potent going down with a spice kick at the end.   The setting is nice, reasonably swanky, and thankfully, not at all hipster-ish.  The crowd is classy.  You actually feel good putting on a jacket and some nice shoes to roll on in. The food, incidentally, is top-notch, substantially better than more food-focused restaurants.  The fresh spring rolls, with succulent pork belly, pickled carrots and greens, touched with two dollops of super-spicy sauce (for the two bites it takes to eat the roll), are ridiculously delicious - simple, incredibly flavorful, and great texture.  The fries (best w/ truffle oil) are perfectly crisped and soft on the inside with a nice sprinkling of chives, and taste unbelievable with the aioli on the side.  And the charcuterie plate is fantastic, especially the "speck" and the "duck salame," which is like duck prosciutto.   Out of my four visits, all four were enormous successes, resulting in a happy belly and a buzz ranging from light and pleasant to ferocious (watch out for the Dr. No).  Firehouse 12, aside, nobody makes comparable drinks, and the ambiance is a welcome escape from the rest of the Crown street shit-show.  Be prepared to spend some money, but be prepare to feel like it was absolutely worth every penny and then some (unlike 90% of the nearby bars).   Oh, and the kicker - the place throws down some incredibly good music, ranging from indie to dubstep to straight-up electro steez.  Not always perfectly consistent (a matter of taste, more than anything else), but nobody else plays as good and diverse a selection to please the music snob in you. Highly recommended.
