I scheduled a meetup with two friends one hot humid weekday evening in meatpacking. They arrived before me, and selected an outdoor spot at a Mexican themed  bistro. While they had margarita's they complained to each other about the heat, sun & humidity. By the time I arrived they were so uncomfortable from the heat that all they wanted to do was get inside out of the sun. When I pointed across the street to the building where Scarpetta is, they both looked at each other as if to say, maybe we want to consider somewhere else. The exterior of the building looks like the aluminum sided homes found throughout New Jersey, so I understood their chagrin. Never the less, I persisted and assured them thy would not be disappointed. We walked thru the threshold of the restaurant and were greeted by two smiling faces that asked if we wanted dinner for 3. We decided to sit at the bar as we only had about an hour. Well, I ordered a bottle of sparkling wine (prosecco) and the frito misto. If you could have seen the look on the face of my two friends when the frito misto arrived. It was a tower of thinly sliced calamari, lightly battered in the most delicious delicate batter you could imaging. But wait, what was jaw droppingly delicious was the rosemary and basil that were lightly battered too and tossed with the calamari to make an incredibly wonderful and flavorful party in your mouth with every bite. Now that I had won my com-padres over the the wonders to be experienced behind the un impressive faced of the restaurant. They really began to relax and look around. They saw a back room that had filled with an impressive crowd of well dressed diners. The polite and very professional wait staff zipping about serving and attending to each patron and table with ease. The dark woods on the walls,, tables and counters balanced with the light browns and tan fabrics fell warm like an afternoon sunset. So, with everything now in order and my pair of foody friends completely smitten with the unexpected delights of Scarpetta, I ordered two orders of the home made pasta noodle and marinara split three ways. Well as you expect by the tenor of this story so far the the dish was going to be incredible, well it was but even before we could experience the taste we were presented with two white platters topped with these interesting white domes (presentation matters). When we uncovered them we found the most aromatic dish of pasta that any of us had experienced in a while. I mean dishes like this are routine in italy, but we were in meatpacking. The flavors were infused into the pasta but not so much dominating the pasta but allowing each texture and flavor to somehow express its note and feel before the next flavor stood up to your taste buds and said politely , what about me. We could have stayed for hours drinking Prosecco and eating each delicate course until, well until I don't know when because Scarpetta is one of those gems where everything makes you feel bello contente!
