To know why I only gave one star skip to the bottom..... I've been wanting to try Dino BBQ so I was excited when I went there for a date on a Saturday night.... We were seated immediately. It was hard to tell who worked there because there seems to be no uniform besides a hat. There was lots of choices on the menu. I ordered their chopped salad with brisket and a side of macaroni and cheese and pickles. My date ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich with macaroni and cheese and fries. We both ordered their deviled eggs as an appetizer. The deviled eggs were delicious lots of spice sprinkled with chives. After such a good appetizer we were looking forward to the main course. I received my salad as I ordered but my side macaroni and cheese and pickles never came. I didn't say anything because the salad was large enough to be filling. I tried my dates Mac and cheese and it was unlike anything I ever tried before spicy but tasty. My salad was great. I got the buttermilk ranch dressing and the brisket laid on top was delicious! Everything was going fine until about halfway though my salad a live little visitor crawled from beneath the lettuce! No not a fly.... Or a nat... Or any other bug that could have flown in and randomly landed in my salad.... it was an actual LIVE crawling Brooklyn ROACH!!!! I quickly had a heart attack. My date move my plate away and waved down a bus boy cleaning the table behind us. He looked at the salad jumped back, grabbed the plate and took it somewhere! Needless to say my appetite was completely lost!!! A manager came over and said she for herself saw the roach and apologized explaining how they clean the lettuce and she doesn't know how something Ike that happened. She also said another general manager was in the back investigating the matter. She left for a quick second and returned apologizing again, thanked me for being so calm and not creating a scene and took care of the entire bill. Although what I had of the food was good. I won't be returning. There's no excuse for a live roach to crawl up out of my salad. Very disappointing.
