I've had bowls of Ramen in Tokyo, LA, and New York and nothing compares to Chef Smookler's masterpiece of noodles and broth. You can taste the love that goes into these magical bowls. I am a huge Seinfeld fan and I think of the Soup Nazi minus the Nazi as the chef and his team are amazingly amicable and make you feel right at home. The ambiance was further bolstered by the amazing music emanating from one of the most impressive sound setups I have ever listened to at a dining establishment.  The detail that went into this restaurant feels like you are dining at a three-star Michelin rated restaurant at one-tenth the cost. Some of the items I had are listed below. Me and my party shared everything and it was the right way to go for first timers.   Signature Mu Ramen - A very unique beefy yet subtle ramen. For me, it represented all that is right with combing two seemingly disparate cuisines, Jewish and Japanese. When I closed my eyes and sipped the broth, I felt like I was experiencing my first sandwich at Katz and my first bowl of ramen in Tokyo. A very unique ramen and truly worthy of its eponym. Tonkotsu 2.0 - A symphony of noodles and porkiness. This was my favorite and something and I would lick the bottom of my bowl for. I would be willing to travel on a plane for this bowl of noodles as nothing in LA compares. Tsujita ramen would be a distant second. I wish Mu were in LA.... U&I app - A very generous portion of uni and FRESH wasabi. This dish was better than many top end sushi joints I have been to and I was eating it at a ramen restaurant. It is a must order even if you don't like uni. Decadent yet fresh. Okonomiyaki  - I have had many traditional verisons of this dish and its cousin, takotama. Mu's take on it was unexpected and fantastic. Too many times, "modernizing" a tried and true classic fails miserably, but Chef Smookler's version does justice to the classic and at the same time, makes it his own. It is sweet, salty, savory and simply magical in your mouth. Summary - three-star Michellin quality food, amazing service and ambiance, for $$. A must try and travel-worthy.
