Absolutely Fantastic. No question this place is rustic Northern Italian from floor to ceiling & certainly including the food on the table in between the two.  I found the decor to be warm & homey if only a little industrial.  The chairs could be a little more comfortable to be sure, but that is certainly my biggest complaint about Osteria & I'll gladly sit on those hard wooden chairs again if it means I'll be filling up on more of Vetri's creations. The menu is full of interesting combinations of food, many of which sound quite bold & possibly hard to pair following dishes with, but that was not so, at least in my case.  I found each item delicious in its own unique ways & in no way did it play upon my opinion of following dishes.  I started with mozzarella in carrozza with olive oil, poached pear tomatoes and capers.  Incredible!  Really, it was like a large bit of fried mozzarella, but certainly the most delicious fried mozzarella that has ever graced my mouth.  It was incredibly gooey & the pear tomatoes were perfect along with it.  For my primi I went with the robiola francobolli with chanterelle mushrooms and thyme which I think were my favorite dish of the evening.  The sauce was rich & the "post-stamp" ravioli absolutely delectable.  I could have easily eaten a far larger dish of these delicious little bites.  For the secondi I tried the rabbit "casalinga" with pancetta, sage, brown butter and soft polenta.  Now this was my first time with rabbit, so I can't compare it to anything I've had before.  I will say that I was pleasantly surprised (not that I was expecting to not like it, but I was expecting it to be gamier).  The way in which it had been prepared...it was half a rabbit, bone in, glazed & seared if I remember correctly...was mouth watering.  The meat was full of flavor (altho somewhat "chickenish" to me) & tender.  I even enjoyed the dark meat & I generally do not like dark meat of ANY sort!  For the contorni I tried the artichokes alla romana which were also very good. Boyfriend tried the lobster & pasta special for his secondi which was also amazing, of course.  A whole lobster which had been shelled served with spaghetti in a red sauce which had a slightly cajun taste to me.  Not what we were expecting, but still nothing short of luscious, of course. Finally for dolci I had something much like a crepe, which had been glazed & then topped with a streusel.  Good, but not as sweet as I was expecting (hoping?).  Also, it was VERY hot.  It took quite some time for it to cool down to a point where it was comfortable to eat.   Service at Osteria was very good.  Our server was very helpful with any questions we had regarding the menu, nor was he overbearing. The wine list is fairly extensive, but a bit pricey, namely if you're just buying by the glass.  While deciding on which red to go with I was even offered generous samples of a few of the reds to help me along with my decision. I'm tempted to give Osteria only 4 stars for some reason, but my complaints are really so few & I was so very, very happy with the food & service & place in general that I think its more fair to just go with 5.  (Once again, I find myself wishing Yelp could give half stars!) I will definitely be making a return trip to Osteria - I've got to try one of the pizze's next time!
