I give this place 3.5 stars. Its a more trendy version of the usual hole-in-the-wall places, with communal-style seating and modern, earthy decor. A friend I came here for lunch last Thursday and it was packed. I've read from other reviews it can be up to an hour long wait, but thankfully it was only 15 minutes. I, of course, checked Yelp prior to ordering and settled on the Akamaru Ramen due to its popularity. The waiter tried to upsell by suggesting I order tamago, but the soup was already $14 and I'm on a bit of a budget, so I kindly declined.  The broth, however, is what I was really looking forward to. The soup looked good (see picture) and I couldn't wait to try everything. Sadly though, I agree with a few others that this place really is overhyped. The ramen is a little on the thin side, and aren't as chewy as I hoped they would be.  Even with the chili sauce, the broth was nothing serious...it didn't have that umami I was looking for.  My friend had gotten extra eggs, and when I looked over, I noticed that they were small, like maybe 2 1/2 times the size of a quail egg.  Seriously? $2 extra for that when every other place uses a regular egg or its complimentary? After I was finished, I felt cheated.  I was hoping they would have a reasonable lunch special, especially since I was first-time, but for an extra $3, in addition to your soup, you get a mini rice and mini salad. I saw the set - not worth it. My other issues with this place is over-commercialization and a (somewhat) incompetent staff.  Let me explain - do you have any idea how annoying it is listening to people who know maybe 3 sentences in Japanese trying to sound authentic?  Its like nails on a chalkboard.  And in terms of incompetence,  when my friend I were trying to leave, we accidentally went further into the restaurant.  If you're not used to the layout, this could easily happen.  The problem was that one of the hostesses saw us, looked at me, didn't say anything and just walked away. A waiter was at least kind enough to point us in the right direction. Unless I'm completely desperate, this ramen spot will be on the last on my list.
