During my first visit to NY, I decided to try Extra Virgin.  I've heard great things from my sis about their brunch, but headed over for dinner instead.  A cute spot with lively music inside, my date and I ended up sitting outside to enjoy our meal.  Friendly servers and host seated and served us. What we ordered: *extra virgin salad: A light, simple, (similar to a salad I make using balsamic and evoo instead) and nonetheless satisfying appetizer complete with an abundant helping of avocado, cucumber, tomato, and red onion tossed together, pairing nicely with the arugula.   *ahi tuna tartar: I'm not the most well-versed on tartar, but I can tell you it was flavorful without being too overpowering.  And was fresh.  The sauces (included avocado puree) that accompanied this dish went well with the raw fish.  I can't help but put a little of each condiment along with each bite of fish. *lemon crusted chilean seabass: I can't help but have loved nearly every chilean seabass that I've come across...the only kill for me is overcooked seabass.  The fennel-potato puree sat below the amazing piece of beautifully cooked crusted seabass that was served with a dollop of avocado puree.  Surrounding the dish was chile verde and pieces of fried artichoke, the perfect bit of crunchiness the dish needed.  Initially, I was worried I'd be sick of avocado since the tartar had that as well.  Boy I was wrong.  The avocado puree seemed extra lemony...in a good way, pairing well with the fish.  Making sure I put each ingredient into every bite, I was in near heaven.  When I eat extra slow, that's when I know it's good. *truffle mac and cheese tart:  SKIP. DO NOT EVER ORDER IT.  I read one review before eating here, and the person saying it is dry.  I love nearly everything "truffle" so I gave in.  I even asked the server (me being cautious), if they can add more cheese sauce.  Her reply was pretty much a no.  "I will see..." bs.  Ugh so I went for it and failed miserably.  If anyone has never had mac and cheese and tried this one, it will make you not want mac and cheese ever again.  I wanted to be honest to tell her it was dry as hell, but my fiance told me not to.  It was  cooked to al dente but DRY.  And come on, made and presented on a tart?  The sauce barely covered it and I think they added breadcrumbs which dried it out further.  I have never had a mac and cheese this bad we did not finish it. OVERALL: I enjoyed dining here.  Everything was satisfying until the mac and cheese which is why it is a 4* review for me.
