This place was a disappointment.  Mo's is sub par in every way that matters for a breakfast joint.  It's got the "hole in the wall" atmosphere down to a science, though, as my friend and I sat in the booth closest to the door and were able to enjoy the breeze from the outside thanks to oblivious customers who thought that keeping the door open while they waited was an excellent idea. #keeptheheatin I ordered a medium stack of chocolate chip pancakes and the Mama Mo (2 scrambled eggs, toast, and breakfast meat - I chose bacon).  I saw that the pancakes were made with wheat flour and wheat germ, but I also noticed they were made with buttermilk so I at LEAST expected a little bit of the light, fluffy appearance and texture of the buttermilk influence.  Instead, what I got were two pancakes that tasted like they came out of a box - and not even a brand name box.  Like, ummm, more like a generic box.  Butter and syrup could not help these piddly things.  #sadface My eggs were certainly scrambled (and with cheese, as requested) but they came in that "omelette" style where the cheese is melted on top and you have to perform heroic tasks just to make it look like the eggs were nicely scrambled and fluffy.  And they were lukewarm, not hot.  And for a small place like Mo's, everything needs to be piping hot when it gets to your table because, at any given point, you're only 3 steps away from the grill.  The highlight of the meal?  My bacon.  I had five slices with my order. #porkwinning The worst part, however, was paying the bill.  After waiting 15 minutes (while people lined up at the door - and for what, I'll never know), we finally got the check.  I went to pay and the woman asked, "You know how this works, right?"  Silly me, I'm thinking she is asking me if I know how it works to pay with a debit/credit card so, of course, I say yes.  While I noted the sign that said "ATM Machine" at the register, I really thought it was just there to tell me that somewhere, in this irrationally small establishment, there was an ATM machine.  Buuuuuuuut, since they took credit cards, who needs an ATM? Apparently, the cash register IS the ATM. Yeah, so when she swiped my card it ended up not going through because the register/ATM machine and the telephone SHARE THE SAME LINE.  Really?  Because it's 2012.  I need you to do better, Mo's.  Anyway, once the other woman got off the phone, the chick reswiped my card and handed me change.  I was perplexed because I still had not pieced together the ridiculousness that was this experience.  I asked for the receipt and saw that I'd apparently just withdrawn $30 from the Mo's ATM and she had given me my $7.05 change from the transaction.  REALLY?!?!  AND there was an extra $1.35 charge for use of the machine.  Seriously?  No, thanks. Anybody who possible rated this place highly has either not been out of the state or, at the very least, to Harvest Bakery in Simsbury.  Or even West Hartford's Goldroc.  Sheesh.  I will not EVER return to Mo's.  Ever.  No.
