Amazing, easily one of the best meals I have had in a long time. Got there with L at around 8 pm on a Friday night, and was surprised to find it relatively empty.  This made me a little nervous, but yelp reviewers did not steer me wrong, this place is awesome. We both got the chef's tasting menu with wine pairings. A 4 course meal with 4 different wine pairings for $50!?! What a deal! And on top of that, the chef prepares different dishes for each member of the party for each course, and they are meant to be shared. This is so ingenious, since we both got to try out such a big variety of dishes. Very much worth the price. First Course - Arugula Salad - delicious! there was candied orange peel and shave parmesan on top. Light and refreshing. Broccoli Rabe - easily my FAVORITE dish of the night! Cooked broccoli rabe tossed in a egg based dressing (like a traditional cesaer salad) with egg whites and panko flakes. So flavorful, definitely getting this dish the next time we come. Second Course - Steamed Mussels - YUM, I love mussels. The wine paired with this course is the same as the white used to steam the mussels, so they complimented each other nicely. We also quickly devoured the impeccably toasted bread sopping up the remaining soup, but the waitress promptly came over and offered to bring us some more. Talk about incredible service. Polenta - aaaah, the famed polenta everyone talks about. Definitely creamier and richer than any polenta I've ever had before., but not sure it's the best i've ever had. A little bit TOO rich for my taste. Third Course - Lasagna - what really stand out is the amount of basil used in the dish. I love basil so it was definitely a win for me. A good, homey lasagna. Duck Confit - incredibly flavorful, and very hearty. this dish alone would've made for an awesome dinner. Fourth Course - I think usually for the 4th course, they usually serve some sort of dessert or a cheese platter, but since we informed them that L is slightly lactose intolerant, they switched it out for a sample platter. So accommodating! Pork Belly Croquette w/ chicken liver dipping sauce - simply melts in your mouth, and the dipping sauce is perfect. Patatas Brava - fried potatoes covered in siracha with a mayo dipping sauce?? What more could you ask for?? Fried Artichoke - also good, but was so full by this point that i was only able to eat a bite or two. Service was awesome, the staff was so sweet and on top of it. Definitely added to the experience. I am so happy I decided to try this gem in the neighborhood and will definitely be coming back soon. They do $10 off a bottle of wine every wednesday, so we will be coming back to check that out!
