El Camino Hype. I've been here twice so I'll try to mesh my experiences together. Ok, so atmosphere- Don't go on a weekend evening because you will lose your voice from shouting over the awful crowd and awful music. I'm sorry, but I get enough "B101" dance hits from my co-workers. The outside tables are nice, though. The crowd- Its your typical Northern Liberties d. bags. Hipsters? I can handle and quite honestly don't know why people hate on them, but yuppies? I can't stand them. Yesterday, while enjoying the beautiful Monday evening outside with my boyfriend, we had a family who brought their grandparents on one side of us, and other the other side a table of bros talking about ordering a round of shots. I'm sorry, but its 8:00 on Monday night. Give me a break and leave your frat party at home. I swear, No Libs is the new Olde City. (Sorry for all the hate, but I'm also in a really bad mood at the moment). Finally, the service- OOooohhh the service is painfully slow.. Just because they hire cute girls with tattooes and interesting fashion, doesn't mean they can serve worth a damn. I've been there on a busy weekend night and a slow week night- there is no difference. BOTH times, I waited incredibly way too long to give both my drink and food order. BOTH times, my drink was empty long enough for my buzz to wear off and ask me for another round, where at that point I was fed up and ready to go anyway. BOTH times, when my food was delivered, they never checked back to ask how everything was. Also, I really can't stand it when they don't refill my water glass because A) its the summer time and B) I'm usually drinking beer, so I'd like to stay hydrated. The only thing worth two stars is the food, well at least what I like to get. I loooovee the veggie wings and I crave them all the time. The texture is nice a crispy and the flavor is HOT! Which also makes me sad, because I would like a fresh beer to wash it down with, but they never kept my drinks full. My boyfriend usually gets the cactus tacos with a side of seitan and its pretty good, but kind of a sparce entree for $10 and the side of seitan is idk, probably $3 or 4 extra, but without it, the cactus tacos lack very much. So overall, this place is a bunch of hype because its in Northern Liberties. Next time I crave the wings, I'm saving my tip money, ordering take out and drinking at home.
