Oh Ashiya... Why haven't I gotten around to reviewing this place earlier?  I was probably too busy filling myself up on their sushi to bother actually typing up a review, but I need to stop being fat and start spreading the word about Ashiya. Setting/Location: Ashiya is located in Jersey City on Route 440 going north bound.  It has a parking lot, but space is limited. You can fit 7 cars at the most and then there are other spaces available in front of the building.  It's located across from Hudson Mall which is convenient in case you want to get some shopping done, but be wary. It's not the best location to hang around, but if you disregard your surroundings and the random people, you will be okay. As you walk on in, you can already see the décor of some Japanese styling's lining the walls of the restaurant.  It's very well lit and spacious.  The bathroom is located in the back of the restaurant. Unfortunately, it has only one stall, but it is actually very clean. No worries on that front.  As for seating, if you are a fan of booths, you will feel right at home but if that's not your thing, there are some seats available on the left side of the room, or if you are feeling daring, you have the option of sitting at the sushi bar. Food:  Now for the good stuff.  When you dine in, you are given the option of their miso soup or salad topped with their ginger dressing (I'm getting hungry just thinking about it, and that's just their salad/soup).  I have tried them both, and though I'm not a fan of miso, it's a solid soup.  I lean towards the salad because it's really refreshing and I just can't get enough of that dressing. If you are a fan of sushi and the like, Ashiya fails to disappoint.  They have plenty of choices on the menu, but what you are really looking forward to is the HALF OFF SUSHI AND SASHIMI! Don't question it. It's legit. Every day, dine-in and take out, sushi and sashimi is available at half the price.  For instance, you probably pay close to $8 dollars for 6 pieces of an Eel and Avocado roll. At Ashiya if you dine-in/take-out, you pay $3.75 for 8 pieces.  You might just say, "Well then the quality of the fish might be bad." And I will counter that statement with a glove slap.  The fish is fresh and not once in the many times that I have been there have I had a bad experience with it. Give it a chance and become a believer! If you have room for dessert, consider getting the tempura ice cream.  Tempura is Japanese deep fry with a light batter, so deep fried ice cream sounds crazy, but is crazy delicious. The ice cream is still cold after being deep fried but the light batter on the outside is fluffy and yet crispy all the same. It's served open with a massive scoop, drizzled with chocolate syrup, whipped cream and a maraschino cherry on top.  They come in different flavors so give it go!   Service: Generally the service consists of 2-3 people.  I have been there when it was busy and when it seemed nearly empty but the servers get the job done.   They are attentive and fast paced when taking orders and refilling your water. They may come off as a bit stuck up, but as long as they bring me my food in a timely fashion, I'm set. Overall EXP: Ashiya is also BYOB and what luck! There is a liquor store located right next door. This is definitely a money saver for sushi lovers like me if you take advantage of the 50% off sushi and sashimi special.  If you have never tried sushi but have the willingness to do so, come here first.  You get to try it without making hazardous disappearing tricks with your wallet. I can't see anyone having a bad experience here. I hope this review was helpful! itadakimasu!  ^-^
