Fact: I am a Slow Food advocate. Fact: Applewood is a Slow Food kind of place, making as much as they can in-house, sourcing produce and meats locally, looking to the seasons for inspiration and the community for support. Fact: The place is cute! It's a farmhouse living room with a Brooklyn sensibility; not to mention the super-cozy and romantic fireplace. A warm butter yellow paints the walls, and a perfectly-sized dining room gives just enough of a peek into the kitchen where white coats flip pans and dress salads. Fact: The cocktails are delicious. Tarragon Tom Collins, cucumber-infused gin with mint and lemon juice, a true version of the Brooklyn (take that, Manhattan!)... Expect this menu to change along with the food menu. Fact: The food is delicious. The seasons dictate what's best (of course it will be sparse in the winter, folks, greens are hard to come by in cold weather), but I would myself avoid the tasting menu since you can build one a la carte for a comparable price. That being said, the menu is a can't-go-wrong list of twists and reinventions next to classics; most recently the braised goat blew me away, as did the sardines in caper butter and the Ipswich clam chowder. You'll also start with homemade spreads ranging from homemade French-style butter, duck liver pate, pistachio butter, garlic cheese, and red pepper puree. Fact: The wine list is a little obtuse, but corkage is only $25. Try to stay as domestic as you can when you're choosing your wine; the French and Italian offerings feel a bit overpriced or insufficient. Grab a bottle from Sip or Red Wine and Bubbly en route. Fact: The service, depending, is a crapshoot. There are days where you're pampered and feel luxurious, other times they're snarky, overbearing, or semi-unconscious. Not enough to drop a star for me. Fact: If you're a foodie, you'll really appreciate Applewood for what it does with respect to the food. If you're not, well, the cocktails will probably loosen you up a bit. Slow Food or not, eat away; this food has greatness in spades.
