I love Indian food and this place was amazing.  My girlfriend and I went to Tashan on a Sunday night for dinner.  We had some of the best food I've had in Philly.  The creativity behind the dishes was a big draw for us, and it lived up to expectations. Focusing on the food, I can say that the flavors and textures are well-developed.  The scallops were perfectly cooked, seasoned, and the flavors of the sauce were amazing - one of the best things I've ever eaten. Ever.  The scallops alone are worth the trip.  The other dishes besides the scallops are also worth the trip.  The wagyu beef and the lamb shank were the other stand-outs among a well-versed variety of dishes we tried.  On the other side of the coin, I found myself disappointed with the kebob and the octopus.  The kebob was too spicy for me (might just be a personal preference) and the octopus did not have well developed flavors (the best octopus I've had was at Chifa, fyi - definitely worth getting).  Overall, the food at Tashan was a major win, very tasty.  Heck, even the naan was downright delicious. I usually don't care about anything except the food at a restaurant, unless there is something terrible that detracts from the food.  However, the staff at Tashan are worth praising.  The waiter and the staff member expediting at the pass were both very friendly, patient, and helpful throughout our meal.  They took time to talk to us about the food and were very knowledgeable and passionate about their dishes.  The restaurant was half full at most on Sunday night, so this may have allowed them to give us more attention than usual, so I am not sure if this behavior is universal, but it should be.  Overall, the staff definitely made the meal more enjoyable. Finally, the aesthetics of Tashan were pretty cool.  I liked the style of the decor and the sleek outfits of the staff.  Even the plates they serve dishes on were unusually cool and creative.  I enjoyed the open kitchen design, and we got to sit near the kitchen and watch them make the food. In summary, Tashan is one of the top restaurants in Philly to get delicious food (it might be my favorite non-Jose Garces restaurant), with knowledgeable and passionate staff, and a generally stylish aesthetic.  I can't wait to go back (and get the scallops again)!!!
