Saying I LOVE UMAI UMAI would not begin to give this gem justice.  From the first moment my friend introduced my boyfriend and I to Umai Umai, we fell head over heels.  It is, without a doubt, my favorite restaurant of all. I will begin with the ambience.  Umai's atmosphere is intimate and the perfect "date restaurant".  In fact, it is rare that parties bigger than four to six can even be seated.  I love this place so much that I tried to make reservations for my birthday for 8, but they could not accomodate me.   We often double-date at Umai.  It's BYOB so we bring 2-3 bottles with us (haha) and it truly creates one of the most amazing outings you can experience.  Service is polite and friendly.  We have tried a variety of their specialties... from each type of oyster to the typical edamame to the special rolls.  You'll find our favorites below.  Umai's food is so delicious and fresh.  It's easy to forget you're even eating anything "raw". I was never fond of the thought of raw oysters until Umai.  The citrus soy sauce used is undeniably amazing.  Ordering oysters as an appetizer has become a staple for the four of us. After the oysters are gone and we're sipping away on some wine, the edamame and seaweed salad that we ordered arrives.  These are awesome little delicacies to hold you over until the rolls are ready!   It isn't long before your server arrives with a beautifully presented array of rolls (depending on how many you order!).  They are simply mouth-watering! Our favorite rolls are the following: Spicy yellowtail with crunchies Philly roll Eternal Sunshine Nemo Shrimp tempura You can order just about any roll with the additional "crunchies" (just say crunchies and they'll know what you mean!) which makes the roll even tastier!  Eternal sunshine comes with blueberry drizzle (enough said), and Nemo's exterior is a thinly sliced cucumber (as opposed to seaweed).   I believe I have been to Umai ten times since I first went one year ago and I have yet to be disappointed.  We ironically are typically seated at the same table.  We have made reservations in advance and when we walk in (unlike several other restaurants), even in the midst of their smaller, intimate atmosphere and people standing at the door, there it is, our ready-to-go table and we are seated immediately.  I have never written a review for a restaurant until now, and I think that alone says enough.  Give it a shot and I GUARANTEE you will not be disappointed.
