It feels so great to be excited about a restaurant in Philly again. I am so, so glad to have found this place (it was a fortunate discovery by chance-- I just happened to be browsing restaurants on Yelp, as I typically do, when I came across this place). I had to click on it-- 100 reviews and 5 stars on Yelp? It seemed too good to be true. I immediately contacted my friend and told her about the place; she was extremely ready to try it as well. We ventured into the restaurant at around 7:20 PM. The place is fairly small-- there are only about 3-4 tables. The man who owns the place was incredibly warm, sweet and welcoming. We mentioned that we were newcomers and he immediately wanted to make sure we had a good experience with the food. He asked us for spice preferences and meat preferences for my friend (I told him I was vegetarian from the get-go). The food was made fairly quickly even though there were two parties of four ahead of us. Regardless, the wait time wouldn't make me subtract a star. The menu of chaat varieties is extensive; I ordered the veggie chaat (I originally asked for the paneer veggie chaat, but he was out of paneer. Next itme!) The quality of the food was absolutely incredible. The combinations of flavors made each bite exciting and different. The chutneys mixed with the yogurt sauce, the fresh bits of mango pieces, raisins and chick peas and crispy flakes/puris added a cool texture to the dish as well. The play on sweet and savory was so on point. At the end of our meal, the owner told everyone in the restaurant (all tables were full so perhaps about 12 people) that he was heating up gulab jamun (indian sweet) for everyone on the house-- my friend and I were just about to leave and we were so full, but the thought was incredibly sweet and it just added to our experience. Another thing I noticed was that while we were eating, he announced to everyone that he hoped the spices were correct-- he mentioned being able to "fix it up right away" if someone had a dish with a spice level that wasn't ideal. So cute! So much appreciation! The restaurant also had a huge menu for lassi flavors. I'm not a huge lassi fan, but my friend ordered the Date lassi and really enjoyed it. All the other people in the restaurant ordered a lassi as well, so it is probably a worthwhile choice to complement the chaat. I paid about $6.50 for my weal, and it was so worth it. I have nothing but golden and glittery words of praise for this West Philly gem. I have so many people in mind that I want to introduce to this restaurant.
