Today they were celebrating national grilled cheese day.  In honor of this momentous occasion you could order a grilled cheese sandwich filled with any ingredients listed anywhere on the menu.  Popular orders include the cinnamon walnut grilled cheese, the macaroni and cheese grilled cheese, the scallop scampi grilled cheese and of course "The Cannibal" a grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with another grilled cheese sandwich! This freestyle approach kept Caseus from being too full of itself, despite it's dim lighting, high prices, and locally sourced artisanal ingredients, playful dishes like chicken & biscuits kept the focus on fun and never got pretentious or took itself too seriously.  It's a very cozy, intimate, almost speak easy vibe, and the staff was extremely friendly, knowledgeable, accommodating, and fast. Even though Caseus emphasizes cheese, I was actually most impressed with the breads they offered.  All were fresh baked, perfectly crispy, thick slabs of deliciousness with creative blends like anise poppy seed sour dough and oatmeal raisin bignettes served with snicker doodle butter.  The breads were a flawless highlight for me.  Speaking of grains, they also have an extensive craft beer list and consistently delicious veggies throughout. So why just 4 stars with so much to recommend it?  The place can quickly transition from cozy to cramped depending where you are seated.  As good as the breads were, the meats were bland (I tried the grass fed steak dogs, sausage of the day, and the self titled "World's Best Cheeseburger") and they did not honor the sky high expectations they built up.  Not unpleasant, but wholly ordinary, and far short of thei promise of "World's Best".  The cheeses and mac and cheese were good, but more heavy and rich, than flavorful or inventive.  Good winter comfort food, but tasted like something your Grandma from Wisconsin would serve you up, an enjoyable mountain of carbs and cheese, but nothing particularly complex or balanced.  It was still good, but Caseus sets the bar so high with their menu and branding, that mere "good" is a disappointment. I'd go back in a cholesterol soaked heart beat.  I'd skip the meat, and be selective of the cheese, but any bread or beer there is sure to delight and Caseus provides a unique, decadent, whimsical experience that I'd be happy to repeat and share with friends.
