About a little more than a month ago, Yelper Laura A asked me in a compliment,  ".... Peaches HotHouse? .. haha. Wonder if you hear about it. Its said the spiciest chicken ever.."   Spiciest?  Did she just mentioned the word spiciest?  She sure knows how to ping my interest.  No, I did not know about Peaches Hothouse before then but after looking it up on Yelp and seeing the many positive reviews, I definitely know about it now.  For the next few weeks, I thought about trying this place quite frequently and one day, I was able to gather two of my friends to accompany me to this establishment. Walking into the homely corner restaurant, one of the first things that you'll notice is that this place is pretty small, seating about 30ish patrons max.  Despite us being there on a weekend at what is considered dinner time for most people, we were able to be seated immediately.  Our server was this super polite young man with an actual southern accent. All three of us decided on getting their signature dish, the Nashville style hot chicken but at various levels of spiciness.  I of course went after the "extra hot" ( with the accompanying warning on their menu "Caution! EXTRA HOT is extremely spicy.  There.  We warned you". How could I resist after they wrote that? ) while one friend ordered the "hot" and the last one ordering "regular".  This selection is very reasonably priced at $12 for 3 large chicken pieces, a thick slice of egg bread, 3 slices of pickles and 1 side of your choosing. I have to say that so far, this is the best fried chicken in NYC in my opinion, beating out even the ever popular Pies and Thighs.  In my review for Pies and Thighs, I mentioned that even though I really liked their fried chicken, the one thing that was holding it back from perfection was that it needed more seasoning.  The fried chicken at Peaches Hothouse have the same super crunchy battered skin and moist meat as Pies and Thighs but solves the seasoning problem.  Even the "regular" flavor needed no condiment to accompany it.  It was great the way it was cooked.  The "hot" was mildly spicy while the "extra hot" was spicy enough to make my nose run a little but not enough to make me think it's intolerable.  People that still think it's a bit too spicy, the accompanying egg bread goes a long way to tone down the heat.  It's is indeed the spiciest fried chicken that I have tried in NYC outside of a few buffalo wings served at some restaurants. For our 3 sides, we decided on: Bacon cream corn:  So creamy and good with the added richness of bacon bits and bacon flavor in the cream. French fries:  A nearly perfect version of shoe string fries.  Crispy outside but with a soft starchy interior. Mashed Potatoes.  It was good but nothing out of the ordinary. The pickles slices deserve a mention too.  Sightly sweet and sour, it was like no pickle I had anywhere else yet.  It was good and even my pickle hating friend ate it all.  The server told me that they buy the pickles from somewhere and then they add their own flavor to it to give it that extra unique taste. For my drink, I selected this off the menu item that I believe was called a "mint blueberry smash" or something.  It was basically a lemonade like concoction with whole mint leaves and whole blueberries to give it a minty blueberry twist.  Another winner.  I couldn't stop drinking it.  Well actually, I did stop drinking it a few times, but only because the blueberries kept on getting stuck in my straw and I had to eat it out. Everything was going grand and we were thoroughly enjoying the meal so we decided to end it with a Triple Brownie Vanilla Ice Cream for dessert.  Gasp... it wasn't that good.  This was our only disappointment.  The flavor was fine but the brownie texture was all wrong.  It was more of a cookie than a soft brownie. A HARD cookie. All in all it was a great meal.  I liked this place so much that I decided to select the place for my first Unofficial Yelp Event in Brooklyn, possibly introducing 30 or so Yelpers to Peaches Hothouse.  This is when I found out that they don't take reservations.  Doh....  I guess everyone on Yelp have to discover this place on their own instead.  It's certainly worth the trek here.  It's the best damn fried chicken in NYC with or without the spiciness. I read in another review that you could even make it spicier by telling them to make it hotter.  Not sure how true that is but hey, I'm definitely going to give it a try. Watch me go back there real soon. =D Nashville Hot Chicken: 5 Bacon Cream Corn: 5 French Fries: 4.5 Mashed Potatoes: 3.5 Triple Brownie Vanilla Ice Cream: 2.5 Overall 4.5 Heat level of the hottest fried chicken from a scale of one to five, five being the hottest. 4
