As a young lad of 15 the very first day my parents let me go on the Path train on my own, across the river, I got out at the first stop, walked around and saw a very cool bar with burgers. I didn't have enough money to eat it then, but I came back. And I've been going back - for over 20 years now. I have always had an emotional attachment / love affair, not just the ambiance, the amazing jukebox with the great tunes, or the aloof and yet uncompromising bar staff, or the super fast waiters who never ever ever mess up an order. I've eaten pretty much any and every time of day from 11am to 3am. So it was a cause for serious anger when I showed up one day to find a long line out the door, because some magazine let the cat out of the bag and said it was the greatest burger in the world or something. That was years ago and before the inter webs. Since then, you can't really do a burger list without having the Bistro Burger on there. And there seems to always be a line, no matter what time of day you go :) Heck, I even brought my wife here on our first date (way back when)! The Bistro Burger maybe my last meal on earth. It is basically the cheeseburger with bacon - but I think the bacon is deep fried, adding a super crispy counterpoint to a nice medium-rare burger. You can still grab that and a McSorley's - just order it as a "light" (Lager) or a "dark" (Ale) for under $10. If you're still hungry - and yes some drunken animals can be - you can get the grilled cheese (also w/ bacon if you prefer) or some chili - all good... Heck even the Chicken Sandwich is delicious - albeit a bit dry. I even thought for a few years around '06-'09 that it went downhill a little. Maybe cause they supposedly lost their chef to another nearby bar. OR maybe as another devotee and close friend suggested that they actually and finally... [gasp] cleaned the grill! Whatever it is, maybe due to nostalgia and old times' sake, every time one of my friends from London comes into town - we *have* to go back there. And I'm glad we kept this tradition. Because recently, I was pleasantly surprised - AGAIN! It was just as good as I remember it, as good as always. Hope it stays that way. Even if the burgers and beers have gone up quite a bit in percentage terms, i think it is still well below inflation. Love, always.
