With all of the NY Chefs and Restauranteurs heading down to our more vibrant and financially manageable dining scene it is great to see that some of the long time members of Philly's home team can hang with the best of them.  My wife and I recently took advantage of Little Fish's popular five course Sunday Prix Fix dinner.  We had tried it several years ago at their former(dumpier) location and left with a meh! feeling.  The food was just OK and the portions were crazy small.  Since that time there have been many changes including a write up in a popular food publication, a new location and a sale of the establishment to former employees.  And man I like what the changes have brought. Our five courses that night were: * Arugula, shaved fennel, crushed almonds with a blood orange vinaigrette * Tuna Tartare w thin sliced jalapenos, cilantro, pickled persimmon atop a roasted garlic aioli * Potato Soup w grilled leeks, crispy potato skin, pickled mustard seeds and seared scallop * Roasted Cobia w two sauces(pepper puree and shallot) and cauliflower * Pistachio brownie w cherry pistachio ice cream and caramel sauce All five courses were well prepared and thoughtfully balanced and would look forward to being served any one of them again.  The real standout of the group though was the Tuna Tartare.  This is a course that has been done to death over the years.  It wouldn't shock me if McDonalds offered up a version.  The Jalapeño and pickled fruit added the tang and spiciness that tuna often needs while the roasted garlic aioli really layered on some richness and depth, making their interpretation a standout version. The two servers patrolling the cozy(i.e.small) dining room did a great job as well, keeping me supplied with nice crusty bread and never allowing my water glass to get below the halfway point.  They also provided a great description of each dish, filling in the blanks from my observations of watching the two chefs plate each course at the pass not more than three feet from our table. For those of you unfamiliar with the Philly BYOB scene, it's pretty typical in that the dining area is not that big and seating is a little tight, unlike the expansive elbow room one has at NYC restaurants and Paris Bistros(tongue firmly in cheek).  Unless you're discussing your latest infidelity or the perfect crime you just pulled off, you will probably manage with little discomfort.   While I internally always have a hard time comparing Prix Fixe options due to the Quantum Physics like formula I have in my head of price/# of courses/creativity/staff/comfort and/or luxuriousness of the room itself, I left feeling like $33 was one the better dining bargains I ever experienced, right up there with the Jean Georges Lunch special. If interested make reservations well ahead of time because the word is out on this one and you will be fighting with a slew of others looking to book these limited spots.
