I created a Yelp account just to write the most positive review possible for White Dog Cafe. I went for brunch today and the experience was more than I could have expected. I have heard many reviews of the White Dog, and I always thought it might be a bit out of my price range, but I wanted to take my mom somewhere nice for Mother's Day and White Dog fit the bill. The brunch menu actually is as affordable as any brunch place in West Philly/University City, plus they have an amazing drink special: unlimited mimosas, sangria (red or white), greyhounds, and bloody Marys for only $14 per person. I got the chicken and biscuits, which was fantastic. Crispy, delicious chicken with a mix of white and dark meat, flavorful biscuits, gravy, side salad, and a perfectly cooked egg on the side. I don't usually have a huge appetite, but I ate every bite! My mom got the brioche French toast, which she also enjoyed. It was a large portion and she was able to take some home with her. My boyfriend got the pork belly, which was beautifully prepared with a nice semi-char on the outside of the meat. It came with a side of kimchi, which he didn't necessarily enjoy as much as he could have, because it wasn't traditional cabbage kimchi, but more of a pickled salad of spinach and carrots. However, it was a matter of preference, and all of the portions were generous. Additionally,  the drinks were flowing, and there was never a long wait for a refill. Speaking of drinks--they were quite good. I started with two mimosas, which were made with freshly squeezed orange juice and decent champagne. Afterwards, I switched to the red sangria, which was pleasantly dry and not overly sweet. Our wonderful waitress did not mind that we took our time while taking advantage of the unlimited drinks, which we very much appreciated. After a while, though, the restaurant needed to free up our table for their next customers, but they invited us to continue drinking at the bar with comped desserts since we had to give up our table. They were extremely professional and friendly about asking us to move, and we did not mind at all. Once at the bar, the bartender began pouring our drinks in pint glasses instead of the usual wine glasses. He took great care of us. We felt a bit bad ordering the free desserts since we felt the move to the bar may have been due to outstaying our welcome, but the bartender was informed of the comped desserts and suggested that we go ahead and order. We were going to split just the creme brulee between the three of us, but the bartender suggested we also get the bread pudding. It was a much welcome suggestion, as the bread pudding was custardy, deliciously eggy, and had just the right amount of sweetness, with tart cherries on top. Our drinks were refilled promptly as we enjoyed our desserts. Overall, there is no question that we had a 5-star experience at the White Dog Cafe today.
