When I moved to NJ from Queens, NY 14 years ago, I missed the excellent Greek food that Astoria has on every corner. As I met fellow Greeks that lived here in NJ, I asked them where they go to get great Greek food and they all said Stamna. So I had been meaning to go, saw the great reviews on Yelp and other places and always wanted to go but never had time. Last night was the opportunity - for my wife's birthday. Uggh. The table bread is simply some commercial store bought wheat bread that they sliced in half and drizzled garlic and sprinkled oregano on. The lamb and orzo tasted like they used Campbells's cream of tomato soup and poured it over the orzo and lamb grizzle/bones that they served me. Lemon potatoes are my absolute favorite thing at a Greek restaurant but these left a strange sensation on my tongue and throat and had a chemical-like taste. The spanokopita tasted like it came from the freezer section at ShopRite in a Kronos box and microwaved. I was hoping that our kids chicken fingers and Greek fries would be better but.... they killed the fingers to well done and the chicken was literally like a piece of rubber that was inedible. The round Greek fries were totally plain, floppy and limp and lifeless. Sure, no restaurant is like my YiaYia's cooking but I don't hold that against them since cooking for family is different than cooking for crowds for profit Other Yelpsters mention the lousy service. We were there on a Thursday night at about 5:45 and while the service wasn't horrible, the staff was rather inattentive and I had to  get up a number of times and walk over to the counter for requests like water refills. We were one of 4 tables and there was 3 staff members on the floor + cooks. Very messy floors with food visible and shoes slipping in some areas and sticking in others. Soooooooo - our search for good Greek food in northern NJ continues. I work hard for my money and I'm going to vote with my feet and never step foot in Stamna again. I would politely suggest that you do the same.  Even the coupon that we got in the mail didn't turn us positive on this review.
