Came for the late kitchen and gluten free burger option.  The roll could have used a toasting to freshen it up -- it was hard.  (I've prepped many a gluten free roll to know they can be bland, dry and hard if you don't know how to freshen them -- I favor a slight olive oil drizzle and toasting)  The burger was cooked medium, as ordered, but was very hard -- either no egg or onion or too lean to be fluffier, or it was "over-worked" -- but the hard burger and hard roll could not be saved by the slice of bacon and tasty aioli on the side.  (No goat's milk cheese option, just cow's milk, so lactose intolerant must forego any cheese.)  Sweet potato fries on side were good.   Had house salad which was large enough to share (which we did), perfectly dressed, with just a bare smattering of two cucumber slices and two grape tomatoes.  Could have used some radish, nuts, or something else to add interest and nutrition but -- to get our necessary bit of vinegar and greens (always needed when having a beef dish) -- it was very good. Husband had short rib osso bucco.  It was perfectly smoked, served over potatoes gratin, and had a side of slivery slaw that was very tasty.  (That slaw would have been great with the burger, too!)  He loved the dish a lot... but gave me a bite anyway.  (This dish was also gluten free as they don't dredge in flour, as some do cooking beef.) No veggies included with entrees, so we ordered a side of the skinniest asparagus ever.  Basted with herbs, it was a great dish definitely large enough for sharing. The menu lists only two Gluten Free beer options -- both ciders, actually.  When my husband asked if they still stocked New Grist, or any others, they found an overlooked bottle of it, which he found quite good.  They should commit to GF and add the tasty Omission or St Peter's -- both great beers, even for gluten free. We were told the Grouper dish and several others could be prepared GF.  I had that my last visit and it was very good, but not craveable.  Desserts change frequently but on last visit we had their mint pot de crème -- it was dark, flavorful and decadently good.  It was not listed this time, but we were too full for dessert. Our server was attentive, energized, engaging.  The music was great -- new jazz and some edgier stuff.  This is a great choice for before or after theater as it's just two and a half blocks from Suzanne Roberts Theater/Philadelphia Theater Company; and a little further from Academy of Music.  This block of South has become quite interesting. Good date place -- dark, comfortable, with old black and white film running on tv over back bar.
