I have been coming to Jadis for the past couple years, having always been impressed with the wine selection, the atmosphere, and the French fare. Tonight, however, was an unpleasant exception. As a special evening celebrating a birthday, I had a table of 5 girls at the front of the restaurant. Myself and two other friends ordered wine and dinner, and when the other two women arrived a bit later, they also ordered drinks and some small food items. We were getting ready to leave and asked the waitress for the bill, which she split (in two checks) for the table. The two who arrived later paid the waitress for their bill and left. When I asked the waitress to bring us the bill for the rest of the table, she very rudely told us that the other two had not paid their bill. How could she not remember that not only 2 minutes earlier she had taken their money and given them change? She began questioning the $60 sitting on the table (which the three of us had put together for the rest of the bill), wrongfully assuming it was from the two girls who had left. Surrounding tables were beginning to take notice, as she was making quite an unnecessary scene. After stammering away from our table she returned a minute later and proceeded to say she finally remembered taking their check, giving us little if any apology. As she took our bill (which I had to have her correct a wrong price on), she began accusing us of not leaving her enough tip money, at which point she exclaimed "I don't want your tip money, anyway." I was shocked. I did not expect this from an employee of a well-respected ("classy") restaurant. As a past service industry employee, I firmly believe that tip money should be based on the service/treatment received. Tonight, her service was certainly not worth a full 20%. A tip is NOT an entitlement. You earn it. I've been to hundreds of restaurants in the city, and this was honestly the worst treatment I've had from any waiter/waitress. I'm disappointed that Jadis would hire someone with such careless values. I don't know if I can recommend this restaurant to friends anymore. Tip money is better spent elsewhere, where it is actually deserved.
