I'm not one for expensive dining, but I ended up here for a company dinner, so since I wasn't paying, I was happy to enjoy. The wait was less that five minutes for our reserved seats in this VERY busy place. We had drinks at the bar first and they were very generous with the Jameson in my Jameson and club soda, which is always a plus. We were seated by an amazing waiter in the center of the dining area. The wait staff is very well trained and attentive. The ambiance is busy and chatty, but not too loud that you cannot be heard. The 6 pm weekday crowd is clearly the Business Dinner crowd. As others have said, the bread basket alone is amazing, with several kinds of stuffed breads. I could have dined on the basket alone and been happy. I skipped an appetizer and had the ribeye beef and it was amazing. Cooked just right with some interesting veggies that I was unfamiliar with but ate and enjoyed anyway. A generous amount of meat but not too much that I was over stuffed. They have the PERFECT portions. The only thing that was disappointing was the lack of Italian dishes that I was familiar with. I am not a very sophisticated diner, and I didn't really want to try duck ravioli or cavatelli with rabbit.  That's why it got only 4 stars. I wanted some fancy cheese tortellini or something that I was familiar with. I  REALLY wanted to try the spaghetti with tomato and basil sauce, but spaghetti is something that I tend to make a mess of myself when eating and since it was a business dinner, I got something less messy. Now, let me tell you about the dessert. I LOVE dessert. I do. If one could marry dessert I would. Again, I'm used to much more blue collar type places, so I skipped the fancy desserts and had the seemingly simple chocolate and vanilla parfait with hazelnut milkshake and biscotti. OH. MY. GOD. I don't know what sorcery  goes on in the kitchen but the parfait was ORGASMIC.  SO delicious and creamy that I wanted to stick my fingers in the glass to get what was left on the sides but I don't think my boss would have appreciated that.  I want to marry this dessert. The portion was very generous and came with a little shot glass filled with hazelnut milkshake that was so good I wanted to ask for a pint of it. The shot glass was a tease! I can't review the biscotti because my boss stole it off my plate. All in all I would highly recommend this place for business dinners with high level executives who have expense accounts. I liked it but would not go there myself on my own coin because the entree itself was $36. Add drinks, appetizers and desserts and it's way out of my price range.
