I've been here three more times and this place continues to fail for all the reasons outlined in my initial review. In many ways the delays in this store and confusion of the opening date are the perfect symbols for the dining experience here. Disorganized, inefficient and unsystematic.  I have tried the deli counter three times since I wrote the last review and three times they screwed up my order. The first time I ordered a pizza margarita. It took a while to get to me too, for some reason one of the counter staff took my pizza out of the oven, boxed it and tucked it away on top of the oven - at least thats where they found it when I asked them what was taking so long. To make matters worse, there was no basil on it. They told me that the basil came in the sauce but that if I insisted they could add some. Very friendly of them to do so, but I have never had a pizza margarita that did not have fresh basil on top. The second time I ordered a chicken, roasted red pepper and brocolini sandwich and they forgot to put red peppers on it. It was fine, but the lack of red peppers made the brocolini a little too overpowering, and frankly made the $8 price tag a bit of a rip off. The third time, I ordered a roasted red pepper chicken panini and turns out it was actually a grilled vegetable sandwich. This was fine on its own I suppose (although I would have appreciated an explanation why I couldn't have the sandwhich I wanted to have) but they also overcharged me and after telling them three times that it was a to go order it arrived on a plate "for here". I give this place three stars because the grocery section is nice - decent produce, nice cheeses etc, and don't get me wrong, the deli food is tasty and the staff are friendly and apologetic. I just feel that its just not worth the hassle, especially for the price (more expensive than any of the nearby delis). Unless you can keep an eye on what they make for you, where it is in the production queue and how much they end up charging you, you can't really count on getting what you intended.
