I discovered l'angolo randomly over the internet over 5 years ago, the first day I moved to Philly. Had very good reviews and decided to try it out. What can I say... It truly became my favorite spot in the world. I am Italian, born and raised in Milan, and as you can imagine I have experienced a lot of terrible Italian food in the US. But L'Angolo... is just like eating in my grandma's kitchen. BYOB, the ambiance is amazing - cozy, great decor (yellow walls, murals... you feel like you are in the Tuscan countryside), you always recognize people at the tables (those who discovered it keep coming back every week....)... The staff gets a 10/10 (Nino is the best, nicest, most efficient and most entertaining waiter I ever met), the music is never too loud, it allows for plenty of conversations. It's just a happy place. The food... I tried the whole menu at least once, and I enjoyed every dish. Worth of notice: grilled romaine, prosciutto wrapped asparagus/shrimp, calamari, spaghetti allo scoglio, spaghetti alla bolognese, veal milanese. But after a couple of years my absolute favorites are: entrees: funghi al forno (baked mushrooms)... With fontina, a bit of garlic, parsley... absolutely delicious (and light.. you don't want to fill up before the pasta dish!) pasta dish: gnocchi (they make them 3 ways: shrimp sauce, gorgonzola sauce - my fav- and baked... not always on the menu but if you ask they'll do it for you). Just incredible. Homemade, perfect texture, the sauce is not overpowering.. meat/fish: the special of the day never disappoints. But after the gnocchi I doubt you will have more room... (portions are abundant) dessert: chocolate cake with raspberry sauce (unbelievable) All my friends who tried it fell in love it with it. I celebrated there every single birthday and special occasion over the last 4 years(including 21st bday and graduation dinner...with my italian family). I now moved to NYC and I've yet to find a place so genuinly good, homy, unpretentious. So in conclusion: high quality food, excellent staff, low price (appetizers are 5-12 dollars, pasta dishes are 13-20, food and fish 15-30, desserts around 10). I would recommend it over any other place in Philadelphia.
