3 1/2 - 4 stars. Had originally made reservations for Beauty & Essex but things did not go as planned so discovered Tia Pol instead through yelp. I love that it was tapas style and the pictures sold me. Since we did not have reservations the host mentioned it would be about a 30 min wait or so. We put our name down and literally went across the street to get a quick bite of pizza. I was so so hungry I knew I would not make it for another 10 min without killing someone so luckily my gf just said lets go there and thus discovered the best pizza ever! If you want great pizza stop by Don Giovanni Ristorante and get their meat pizza! Okay back to Tia pol. We gave them a call to see how much longer and the guy said 10 minutes, so we ate our pizza faster than you can say times up and walked over there. I kid you not we ended up waiting for about an hr! finally after a few sangrias (White and red were both watered down but white was better), we just decided to sit at the bar. I was already grumpy and even though they were super nice about it I was just about out of it. _Fava beans w/cheese and parsley. This was a complimentary appetizer for making us wait so long, so that was nice. A spread of fava bean with Parmesan on top of sliced baguette, it was just okay, pretty bland in taste and texture. _Chicken Liver mousse (comes in 2 or 4, $4/$8) these were pretty good, and they gave a generous amount of liver mousse on top. Very fluffy and sweet this was perfect to share. _Squid in Ink with rice ($13). This was my favorite dish! Good amount of squid and the sauce was perfect. Not too rich or heavy I took some bread and scooped up all the sauce. It was finger licking good! The rice was good with the dish but towards the end or bottom it was hard and crisp. Other than that great dish! _Lengua a la plancha ($8). Veal tongue with pickled red onion and watercress. Came in 3 with big portion of veal on top of a baguette. The first bite was good but overall it was not amazing. I could have done without the bread. _Lamb skewers with moorish spices ($7-$14). The lamb was okay. It was a bit dry and was a bit bland. It looked real good and juicy and from the spices you would think it would be moist but I've had way better lamb back in LA! _Poached fruit ($6). I don't know what was poached about it. It was just 3-4 big strawberries with strawberry puree and cream. The cream was great and fluffy and the best part of the dessert. Nothing to rave about. _Leche frita ($6). Basque-style fried custard with drunken cherries. 2 small custard filled fried balls with cherry compote dusted with powdered sugar. This was good and warm. I could have ate 4 of these. Get this! Overall some items were a hit and miss and even though the service was great and friendly it was not worth the wait.
