Took my boyfriend here for his birthday and it could not have been more perfect for the occasion. The inside of this place is gorgeous, we had a reservation and were seated promptly. Our main waitress( unfortunately, I can't remember her name because she was GREAT), explained to us how the dining experience worked because it was our first time there. First, we headed off to the salad bar, which I tried not to fill up on, so I just made a somewhat basic caesar salad, but all the ingredients tasted amazing. For drinks, I got a Brazilian limeade with unlimited refills, which was very different but good. Once, we turned our table things over for meet, it was insane how fast the service started coming. The meat people were popping right up and someone was coming with one of the things to brush the crumbs off the table. It was actually making me laugh out loud how crazy it was. You also get a plate of warm cheesy bread, and three sides which are included with refills. We tried pretty much every meat that came around and it was all pretty amazing. After a while, a man(manager?) came over to my boyfriend and asked if there was anything he wanted to try that he hadn't gotten yet. He said the lamb and within minutes the lamb people were coming over to our table. Not gonna lie, by the time I was done with the meat, I was feeling extreme gluttony and kinda grossed out despite not eating all day to prepare for this. My boyfriend did the same thing and it must have worked better for him, because he just kept flipping his thing back to green and eating more meat. I've never seen him eat that much in my life! He must have ate enough to get both of our money's worth. Finally, we got a complimentary cheesecake since it was his birthday which was also amazing. The service is truly what makes the experience here. Although, it is a little expensive,( I ended up paying $141 with a 25 percent tip), it is definitely worth it, and for the amount of food you're getting I think Fogo is a better value than a lot of other high-end restaurants i've been to. Overall, we had a great night and my boyfriend is already talking about how he wants to go back.
