Despite the slightly discordant contrast between some dude-brah striped shirt action in the customer base and the perfectly fauxhemian, pressed tin cieling, artists' loft sensibility in the space design, this place had good vibes and we greatly enjoyed it. Came at the recommendation of a friend who's also a neighbor and a friend of a friend of the bartender, and ended up spending our whole New Year's Eve night; it was gezellig like that. Tables and bar seats don't turn over much, and it's a tiny room, so being advancely prepared to wait a while will probably make you feel better about the whole endeavor. We gave our numbers to the kindly host, and upon discerning our 415 provenance, he congenially offered up his former life as a Delfina server, and let us know where in the village we could procure some coffee from a former Ritual barista. It felt like a warm & fuzzy small world in there, despite the harsh weather and great distance between us and home. Where isn't home these days? The bar menu is spare and nicely curated, and we drank well-mixed beverages while waiting for a table. The food menu is ribboned with Southern influence, even though later we met the chef and learned he was originally from Michigan, drawing the world smaller and closer still. The frisee et lardons salad is the way to go after midnight; it's comforting and brunchy and downright Victorian. Or a pile of lump crab with mustard, or a whole lobster if you're feeling celebratory.  Foie gras on toast with apricot chutney is the kind of dessert you have when you're not at home, not yourself for an evening. If you can get down on tortured goose, this is a place you might want to do it. Service was congenial, attentive, and good-looking. The price was unsurprising. The music was hideous pop hits, the sole element of real discord. But, the owner was clearly enjoying his own playlist unselfconsciously, and that can be either annoying or endearing, depending on how much free prosecco is passed around at midnight. This time, it was more than enough.
