I am 100% of Yugoslavian descent. Having eaten at both of my grandma's homes and countless relatives' as well as restaurants, and having gone shopping at numerous local markets for products such as cheeses and dried meats in both Montenegro and Serbia my whole life, I am unimpressed by the quality of the food the restaurant offers. ~~ FOOD ~~ -- I ordered ROLOVANE SUVE SLJIVE I DZIGERICA (prunes stuffed with walnuts & cheese rolled in bacon with chicken liver rolled in bacon) and it was not half bad. However, I'm not sure whether half the plate was intended to be one and the other half the other, or they forgot some of the ingredients in some of the bacon rolls. -- The bread & ajvar that they complementarily offer in the beginning is filling enough and a good starter regardless of what you order afterwards.  The BREAD was a good mix of spongey on the inside & crisp on the bottom edge. The AJVAR (red pepper spread) was a bit on the blander side, but true to its sweetness. -- I also tried the GIBANICA (cheese pie) & ZELJANICA (spinach pie) aka pita -- and while the consistency was correct, the amount of phyllo dough outweighed the cheese in the former case, and in the latter case, I found there were far too many layers of the pita for what is considered normal and traditional thereby losing its true taste as a result of too much fluffiness. -- I also tried the LEPINJA SA KAJMAKOM.  I was very disappointed here primarily by the KAJMAK (traditional creamy cheese spread) -- the consistency was wrong!! It needs to be thicker and less like butter/margarine. Also, the flavor was so bland!!! Nothing about it reminded me of any of the kajmak's I've had at home.  The worst, cheapest, most generic brand kajmak in Montenegro would be far superior to the one here. Very unrepresentative of a delicious staple food in our culture! -- The dessert I chose is a favorite of mine since childhood: PALACINKE (thin Eastern European crepes) with chocolate filling.  They were pretty good, of the right thickness (or should I say thinness).  However, the edges were a bit dry and crisp (an AMATEUR mistake for crepes!!)  Also, they are usually sprinkled with sugar crystals rather than powdered sugar -- but i was pleased there was sugar on top nonetheless. -- The portions are SMALL (with the exception of the pitas and soup) for what is normal in the Balkans. ~~ AMBIANCE/SERVICE ~~ -- Unfortunately, I did not visit on Friday nights when they supposedly have live music.  While this is probably a good event, having remained sober probably helps with giving a more objective view on the food quality. -- The decor is quite nice, pretty authentic.  However, some of the chairs are wobbly and downright uncomfortable.   -- The service is terrible -- some here have cited it as being "unobtrusive." Yeah, that's a nice way of putting it.  An objective way of putting it is that that was the single most AUTHENTIC part of the restaurant. Our people sometimes have the habit of not wanting to be "bothered." The wait staff appears annoyed if you ask for anything...and don't notice if you're missing extra glasses or silverware.   -- Inconveniently, CA$H only. Overall, I suppose the place gives those who have no idea of what the ex-Yugoslavian food culture is like somewhat of a preview, though a weak one at best.
