Jumping onto the bandwagon to give CSBC praise.  Having brunched here twice in the past two weeks, here's the rundown. Food: a) Blueberry Pancakes:  I know everyone raves about their blueberry pancakes, and I will agree that they're super fluffy and filling, but I think the mainstay of this is the maple syrup butter.  Is it the best pancake I've ever eaten at brunch, yes.  Is it the "best.pancake.EVER?"  Almost.. but not yet. b) Brioche French Toast:  I'm a bigger fan of this than the pancakes.  First, the bread is perfectly cooked to make it fluffy and soft on the inside, but crisp around the edges.  The french toast isn't overwhelming, but has a great spicy flavor to it that is enhanced with the carmelized bananas served with the meal.  Along with CSBC's signature maple syrup butter, this dish is perfection.  Pecans tossed on top of the dish also gives this dish a nice contrast in texture and taste.  Hands down the best french toast I've ever had.. given a choice between pancakes and french toast, I'd go for the french toast.. and I HATE french toast. If you ask the waitstaff, they will recommend the french toast over the pancakes.  Price?  $13. c) Fried Chicken Salad:  Chicken was fresh and the salad was really fresh.  The cayenne-infused salad dressing gave the salad a nice kick.  $15 d) Sugar cured bacon ($4): You pay $4 for 4 strips of bacon.  Granted, it was very good bacon.. it's still hard to justify $1/strip.  It tastes just like a slightly salty version of Chinese pork-jerky you can purchase in Chinatown ($15/lb) Overall:  The food was very good to great.  The portions are huge, so I'd actually recommend sharing plates. --- Service: Service is spotty at best which explains the 4-star rating.  When I went last Friday, service was impeccable and on top of everything despite the crowd.  My coffee was bottomless and none of my demands went unanswered.   The waitstaff today was completely different.  I don't know if it's because it's Tuesday, but the staff was mediocre.  First, they had 3 people waiting on all the people.  Though the restaurant was always full, the wait for a table couldn't have been more than 5-10 minutes... for a less than maxed-out restaurant, we had to ask for coffee several times and repeat our requests for extra napkins.  Second, the staff wasn't very friendly.. would it hurt to smile just a little? ---------- Price:  I still don't understand the rationale behind $40 brunches for two (this is without alcohol).  The food's good, but not worth spending unless it's some place you want to go for a nice treat.   Wait Time: I've walked past this place on the weekends several times and the line is always insane.  Trust the reviewers; you'll have a better shot if you go on a weekday.  I haven't had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table (for two), but I've gone on weekdays both times. Good luck and happy eating!
