Food was delicious! But I had a a HUGE problem with the service. I would have given PIO PIO a 5 if I hadn't has the most negative service experience.  I ordered a pitcher of sangria expecting to pay $28 because both the full menu and the drink menu said $28 dollars. I asked if they has white sangria and they said yes. So I went with the white.There was no separate price listed for white sangria. Also, the menu didn't say "Red Sangria", just "sangria". At no time did anyone mention that the white sangria was $4 more. I was not notified of the price difference until I got the bill. When I brought it to the attention of my waiter was when he decided to tell me the white sangria was more. I asked for a manager and who I beleive was the head waiter came over and said told me that the price was different because white sangria has more ingredients and costs more. I understood that, but where did it say that? I asked for HIS manager and when he came he told me that they were telling other patrons that the price was diferent and they were getting offended so that was why the waiter didn't tell me. So, to me, that means they are admitting to intentionally not clarifiying discrepencies with the menus and what they are going to charge you before getting the bill. He also said that they were updating the menu and that's why it wasn't on there. So instead of being provided understanding of the customers views and feelings, I was debated with by multple staff members about why I was wrong and had to pay the extra $4. I was offered a free drink, and a free dessert before I was offered a $4 dollar credit to my bill. Both of those options would have cost the restaurant more than $4. Also, my dining partner and I were stuffed and could not eat/drink another thing. Supposedly, since it was a Sunday, there was not one manager in the building who could have edited the check for us. (This was either a lie or bad operational planning). They finally ened up just charging my card $4 less than what the original bill said. It was just $4 but it's the principle of the matter.
