Short Review: Great Food, Cozy Atmosphere, Attentive Service, Go Eat Here! Long Review: I've had my eye on the place since it opened. I am always driving past here, today I had some free time  and decided to stop and take delight in their food. I quickly looked at the menu and decided on the chicken and waffles, I struggled a bit with ordering it because it wasn't the "traditional chicken and waffles" rather maple glazed pulled chicken with crispy skin on top of a waffle. I'm a woman who loves tradition but always open to change so I decided to try it. It was really good!  However, I didn't really receive much of chicken but more of the skin, which was soggy but I just picked through what was there of the chicken, tossed the skin to the side, and devoured the waffle. Not a deal breaker, but since I tried it, liked most of it, I probably wouldn't get it again because of the chicken issue. NOW, Let's talk about the star of the show, the waffle. This is not your standard waffle mix waffle, it's different, airy, light, filled with air pockets (which is a really good thing) slightly crispy on the outside but perfectly airy on the inside. Honestly to me it seemed like it was a mix of a really, really good cake batter and a really, really, really good waffle mix. Saying that to say, they clearly make their own waffle mix because I could taste so many subtle flavors in the waffle. I can say I am a lover of waffles and this waffle was probably one, if not the best, I have ever eaten. One slight note: The waitress didn't mention the specials to me and I only saw them written on the board after I ordered my food. The table that was seated after me, she definitely pointed out the specials so I was like dag, but really not a big deal. I will let that slight slip pass because she was very attentive and pleasant. I know it wasn't intentional. I went early and  there were a few people in the restaurant, but as I was leaving it was filling up. I would suggest for a first time visit, based on some of the reviews, try and go when it's less crowded. I really hope they stay consistent because they are clearly being well received and producing really good food. Word of mouth travels fast and I will sing their praises as long as they keep up the great work.   The menu is creative and different. Not your average breakfast/brunch place but well worth all the buzz it's getting. The food should speak volumes without the chef uttering a word, and that waffle did just that, so kudos to the chef! The food was amazing, very friendly server, need I say more... You want to go now, don't you... So go!
