All I have to say is WOW. Well, okay, I'll elaborate. I ventured out to Tribeca to meet a client, but they cancelled at the last minute. As I was walking back to the train, the Odeon caught my eye, and having heard good things about it, I figured, why not?  I arrived expecting to pay way too much for mediocre diner food, but was so surprised to be greeted with a simple and elegant menu reasonably priced for the food quality. I ordered the country frisee salad, steak frites, and ice cream (can someone say: expense report?). As for the salad - well, they had me at bacon vinaigrette. I didn't bother to read the rest of the ingredients, but yes, I suppose the microgreens, croutons, cheese and pouched egg pulled it all together. The steak was cooked to perfection and the fries were delicious. There was some sort of chipotle sauce to dip the fries and, oh my god, did I ever take advantage of that luxury. I was pretty full at this point, but I still managed to unapologetically ask for the dessert menu. The waitress recommended the homemade ice cream and had I not recently stuffed my face with fries dipped in Jesus sauce, I would have inhaled it - SO GOOD. Now for the service. THE SERVICE. exceptional. I have never felt so pampered. My waitress was like some sort of restaurant ninja. If I glanced away from the table for a moment, I'd look back and my water would be filled, there would be no crumbs and my napkin transformed from a crumpled mass to a neatly folded triangle. Seriously, I'm sure the rest of the staff there is just as amazing, but she was so professional, efficient and friendly. She made me feel very welcomed and comfortable - which is saying a lot because it must have been hard to not raise an eyebrow while watching a tiny, well-dressed women scarf down a three course meal by herself in a fancy restaurant.   At the end of the meal, I was half expecting her to bring me the check by folding it into an origami swan on a rotating silver platter that sang the total amount due. (room for improvement?) But instead it was a regular receipt. However, I did manage to catch her name on it. Thank you for a wonderful dining experience, Rachel!!! =)
