I went there for dinner and ordered "THE ESPECIALE" consisting of: Parmesan frico, fried egg, truffle butter, and truffled arugula. The waitress mentioned that this burger is best when ordered prepared Medium Rare, so I went with her recommendation as I also like my meat cooked medium rare. However, the meat of the burger failed to provide the yummy flowing juices that a great burger should provide... And the sunny side fried egg's yolk mixing with the burger meat also failed to provide a unforgettable flavor... Maybe I am biased because I had high expectation for this place after sampling free burgers from Umami at one of its free wine sampling events at BROOKFIELD PLACE. Back there it provided free samplers of small burgers that tasted awesome. I ate 5+ of those mini burgers. Now that I remember, they provided free samples of Truffle Burger and The Royale, not The Especiale. The burger that gave me an unforgettable memory was the Truffle Burger. I did not like the Royale and after this experience with The Especiale, I don't like this one either. Next time I will go back and order The Truffle Burger instead and stick with it. In your case, please try out all the different types of burgers that this place offers to find out which one suits you. Some of their burger are not that great and some are very very good. In my case, Truffle is the one! The ambience of this place is awesome, good for hangout. The bathroom is clean and well decorated. And the service was great as the waitress seem to have tried the food and be able to suggest which option would be good to try out. There was a slight misunderstanding with the service at first in which one of the waiter screwed out our order. We ordered Truffle fries, but the waiter gave us normal fries. We complained and he brought a Truffle fries leaving the original fries in our table without taking it away nor saying whether the error will be charged or on the house. When we received our final bill they were charging us of the screwed up order of fries. Until we complained, then the waitress took it out from the billing. Just a slight misunderstanding... But everything else went ok.
