Balthazar is a longtime favorite of mine. From stellar service to reliably wonderful food, it's a NY institution. Don't let NYers tell you it's just for tourists, either; I've met plenty of the natives sitting at the bar enjoying a glass of Gardet -which brings me to my #1 recommendation for it: Balthazar has a great selection of champagnes by the glass. You could pay a lot more uptown, but why? It's a great spot, especially if you're dining solo. Get yourself a seat at the bar and people-watch, have a drink, and for goodness sakes, make sure you order yourself their extraordinary Moules et Frites. Fresh, succulent mussels, with nary a trace of fishyness, are served with hot, crisy, flavorful frites, in a huge bowl of delicious broth filled with leeks, garlic and a whisper of tomato. I've not had such fresh mussels -nor such a generous portion - anywhere else in NY. For $16, you can't go wrong. Another perennial favorite is their house-named salad; it's a bit pricey for greens, but oh! what greens they are! Endive together with lentils du puy, shaved white and green asparagus, fennel, ricotta, and fresh crackles of pepper, together in a truffle-scented vinaigrette that's light as a feather, but bursting with flavor, make for a salad that goes far beyond the limp pieces of green you're likely to see coming out of too many NY kitchens. The duck confit is equally delicious -crispy, fatty, juicy and full of meaty, gamey goodness - but I wasn't a fan of the weird lettuce/potato mix that came as a side, and in too great a proportion to the meat. A curious mix of greens and crisped potatoes (they looked like house-made kettle chips, minus the super-salt), it made for awkward eating, and, considering the richness of the duck, I would've appreciated a plain ole scoop of mashed potatoes instead, so as to sop up all those lovely meaty juices. Navigating through those wads of wilted, warm greens with crispy little potato discs amidst pools of duck fat was... unpleasant. Please Balthazar, re-consider the side here. Still, Keith McNally's Spring Street institution more than makes up for this misstep with their steak frites. Cooked precisely to order (and, I suspect, with a huge dollop of TLC), the meat is bursting with flavor: it truly tastes like happy beef, which, if you haven't tried it, is something close to carnivore heaven. Frites are happily crispy and greaseless, and not too overwhelming in quantity. With a glass of red wine (there are numerous ones to choose from, with an obvious lean towards the French), it's really the perfect dinner. Balthazar, just for tourists? Whatever. It's delicious. That's all that matters.
