I'm back !! Hello Yelpers, today's late night review is going to be a short one because so much has already been said about this place. I have just gone to this place today at around 3pm, (today is Friday) and there were 2 of us, my mother and I. We went in and gave our names, the lady told us it wold be a 35 minute wait, which was rather surprising considering the things I have heard about the wait of this place. There were a couple of other parties waiting outside but once we were called in we were seated in the window table and right away we ordered our coffees w steamed milk and whipped out our own stevia in the raw(LOL).The coffee was solid nice and strong, but definitely not bitter. I needed no menu as I never go to a place without being prepared and before the lady began writing I knew what I wanted. I ordered the Southern Breakfast with a side biscuit and my mother ordered the Country Breakfast. I didn't come here to try pancakes, I mean of course they would get that right no biggie, so I had to really test their skills and see what else they could throw down. Our food came out rather quickly and immediately I reached for the sugar coated bacon (which sounds like a sin in a third world country) and after two bites I was rather bored with it simply because I am not a sweet eater at all. Nonetheless it was a great compliment to the grits which were thick and cheesy, they got my eggs just right which I ordered scrambled, and the biscuit was AMAZING. There is NOTHING like a good old flaky southern biscuit. You think the Pillsbury Dough Boy has flakes? HA! However this biscuit is nothing without the jam they give you which takes so great its sweet and savory which is right up my alley. Our waitress kept bringing us more coffee which just got  us high of the bean. I must say that I did love the ham in the Country Breakfast, I wasn't a big fan of the fried tomatoes a little too much batter for me, but everything else was seemingly ....solid. Now I know I said I did not come here for pancakes but what the heck? I had to throw it in, my mom and I shared a stack with the maple butter which you just want to bathe in, it was so good. And blueberries like you've never seen before. They were extremely good. BOTTOM LINE: This place is great if you know what time to come. They give enough food, it is solid and quality, and not overpriced. And if you aren't a New Yorker get directions this place is deep in LES (Lower East Side) so please save your self the torture. Next time I go I will definitely be trying something new, did I hear someone say Huevos Rancheros?? Anyway that's all folks !
