We recently had the opportunity to dine at Blue on two separate occasions which were four weeks apart. The first was on a Friday evening at about 6 PM with a party of two, and the second was on a Saturday at about 8:30 PM with a party of three. On both occasions we were greeted pleasantly upon entering and seated promptly. The dining area has a warm and cozy feel to it, and the tables are spaced adequately so that you are not elbow to elbow with other diners. On the first visit the staff cheerfully obliged our request for a window table after we were first seated in the middle of the room. Actually, since the entire wall of the dining room which faces the Kill Van Kull is composed of huge plate glass windows, almost any table has a spectacular maritime view, day or night. It's not an "ocean view" but a constantly changing parade of nautical traffic of all types ranging from tiny launches and tug boats to absolutely enormous container ships. On both occasions the wait staff, which was congenial and professional, came to the table soon after we were seated and an inquired if we wanted to order any drinks. After a short time a plate of warm pita slices with olives and capers in olive oil was placed on the table, a delicious fore-snack while we perused the menu and awaited the food. Between the two visits we were able to sample a number of dishes. Appetizers were the pan-roasted halloumi cheese, avocado-mushroom carpaccio, scallops, and the Sri Lankan vegetable samosa all of which were delicious. Entrees included the tsipoura, a Mediterranean sea bass cooked perfectly and served whole with a light wine and garlic sauce. It was nice to see an entire recognizable fish on the plate for a change, instead of a lonely looking fillet. Chicken Malaga was a large serving of tender chicken cutlets served in a tasty sherry sauce containing olives and portobello mushrooms with ginger fried rice on the side. The rather large Ancho Chili Crusted Rib Eye Steak was served rare as ordered and, although not in the same category as a steak from, say Peter Luger, it was one of the better steaks that I've had on Staten Island. I and the other person who had one enjoyed it thoroughly. The seafood eater ordered the Rice Noodles and Seafood Pot and found it to be a delicious and well seasoned mix of seafood. Although the desert menu is not very large, and the Nutella filled wontons were not as exciting as they sounded, the trio of gelato and sorbet was a hit, and a really delicious satisfying palate cleanser to end a meal. A dessert special of warm pecan pie with a dollop of whipped cream was delicious, too, along with a good cup of coffee. Blue offers food lovers on Staten Island  the opportunity to dine on an eclectic mix of fine dishes which are not covered in red sauce and melted cheese. The variety is excellent, portions are generous, and prices are reasonable. We will definitely be there again to further explore the menu and I recommend Blue to anyone looking for a fine meal served in a very attractive ambience.
