You don't know what you've got until it's gone and as a former resident of Connecticut, I used to take New Haven pizza for granted.  Roll forward 10+ years later and I'm dyin' for a good slice of za!  So off we rumble down I-91 to New Haven for some world's famous Pepe's pizza. The place is bigger than what I remember, you've still got the famous coal-fired brick oven but also two large dining areas seating at least 25 tables. Service was quick and efficient with some beers and local sodas available.  We went with a large tomato muzz, half with pepperoni and a small white clam pie.  It only took 20 minutes or so for them to come out, a happy and pleasant surprise!  The best part of New Haven pizza to me is the crust.  Light, airy and bubbly, Pepe's does a nice job here.  Their crust is perfecto with a bit of char at the bottom and a some saltiness in the dough.  The tomato and muzz was really good and simple, better than most any other pizza I've had in the last decade.  And the toppings, while decent, were a bit skimpy but who cares when the basic pie is so good?  The clam pie is a local delicacy with just the right amount of olive oil, garlic and loaded with the bivalves.  Briny, garlicky and tasting of the sea, a great pie for those of you into ocean chewiness!   Now in the end, while this is one of the best pies I've had in a long time, Pepe's is not the absolute best.  Loved the clam pie, loved the tomato pie and at $16 or so, great deal for this quality of pizza.  However, several months ago I got the chance to do a DiFara's pie in Brooklyn for the first time.  And that's why Pepe's, while great, is not the best in my mind.  I love New Haven style pizza and spent many years eating it but it's hard to beat an artisan like Domenic over at DiFara's.  However, Pepe's is a lot less expensive ($25/pie at DiFara) and much easier in terms of the wait.  Enjoy this place for as long as it's around because it doesn't get much better than Pepe's for pizza.  And in all honesty, there may be only ONE place better in the entire country.  Bon appetit!
