Osteria was my birthday dinner with the babe.  And it was fantastic!   Seriously if I were served an ill meal on my birthday there would have been hell to pay.  Mark Vetri's little expensive pizza place came through luckily...for everyone.  We got in to the place around 7:20 and our reservations were at 7:45 but the very nice hostess who was ALL business said we could be seated early.  The place was bumping on a rainy Saturday night.  I was impressed with the large space and the bistro type atmosphere.  They sat us at a small table next to the window that opened to the garden room and there were these humungoid sunflowers sitting on the windowsill.  I do not think I have ever noticed the physical attributes of a restaurant before mainly because I am always so concerned with eating. So, the cute waiter in glasses greeted us right away.  He brought us yummo foccia and skinny bread sticks to munch on while we mulled over what to drink.  Every single person in the place was drinking wine except for the preggo lady next to me so we said "eff it, let's do martinis."  As usual, I got the vodka and he the gin and they were so wonderful.  Honestly, for a wine place, one of the best martinis I have had other than at Davios.   The pizza at Osteria is always talked about and Mark Summers from Double Dare fame said it was the greatest pizza he's ever eaten, so I ordered based on his opinion, which I hold to a high regard.  The pizza was so thin, you could literally see through it.  The cheese had a different taste than I have experienced in the states...it literally tasted like mozzarella from my Nonna's region in Italy.  We devoured the pizza, but in an appropriate way.  We then ordered one of the special pasta dishes to share, which was a linguine type noodle with melted goat cheese and baby tomatoes...again amazing.  For our entrees were ordered the grouper and the salmon and again, amazing.  The Salmon had a crispy skin with some sea salt sprinkled on top.  It was served with the smallest and cutest zucchinis I have ever seen. The boy's Grouper had leeks and corn as accompaniments.  After our second round of martinis and gorging on the delicious meal, it was time to go.  Why make myself more full and risk the chance of yacking to get dessert?  We had plans to kill a few bottles of wine anyway for my birthday celebration.   I really recommend Osteria as it's a great date/group place if you have some extra cash to spend.  Well done!
