This place has been talked about and hyped up for a quite a while within my circle of friends.  I finally had the opportunity to check it out sometime last week.   I parked in the back, it was after 8 and there were signs all over for permit parking only.  After being screwed over in the city and other towns with tricky parking signs.. I was weary about leaving my car where I did but my hunger trumped the possibility of a ticket.  We walked through the back door where I bumped into a line of people that almost went out the door, waiting to be seated.  My girlfriends and I went down a flight of stairs to put our names down.   The wait was 20-30 minutes.. we lingered around the front and happened to get seated within less than 10 bc  when the owner was calling for parties of three and our hands shot up in the air so fast, we were practically waaaaaving at him!!   WORD OF ADVICE:  If you plan on going, super busy, so go in a party less than 4 so you don't have to wait too long. I was super excited once we sat down.   A fun atmosphere with great latin music.  ALL male waiters, dressed in yellow cuban shirts and narrow-brim panama hats.   It was great up until the waiter came by to take our order.  It was so loud that  we couldn't hear him and vice versa.  We found ourselves repeating our order several times.  There was so much on the menu and as usual I wanted everything.  For drinks, the pineapple mojito.  Not usually a fan of mojitos, but this had a great, refreshing & unique flavor.   (after I picked out the mint leaves)  It said there was 5% alcohol on the menu.   I knew this was a byob but had I known we were going to have a placebo beverage, I would've FOR SURE prepared myself with a bottle of bacardi to really spike up the drinks.  My one poor friend was feening for a drink and this was SOOOOOO not cutting it.  We ordered empanadas and papita de rellenas to start.   The taste: good but  I've had better and damn~~ were they small.  I'm used to ordering appetizers where by the time I finish them, I calm down a bit (I get quite cranky when I'm hungry)  A bite and half.  I could've gone to CostCo's on a Saturday and been more satisfied.   I asked our waiter for his recommendation on what is the best on the menu.  He suggested the churrasco.  Looked amazing when it came out, but for something that was supposed to be med. rare, it was more like medium well.   the steak was dry and did not go down smoothly.   I really wanted to like this place but  was too loud & most importantly the food was really not up to par.  the sister restaurant, Rumba Cubana located in North Bergen.... waaaaaaaaay better far and beyond!  My first and last trip to Cuban Pete's.
