POOR SERVICE, OK FOOD: save your money and go elsewhere. I was really looking forward to having brunch at the White Dog Cafe, having heard good things about it from friends.  The food was fine -- the cheese course, especially good.  However, service was terrible.  I mean, absolutely TERRIBLE.  From the moment we walked in, staff treated us with bored disdain.  The person at the host stand turned out to be a waiter, but if I am standing there and making eye contact and smiling at you and you can't seat me, then you should say, "The hostess will be right back and she can seat you" instead of looking right through me and, like the rest of the staff, acting bored. Started with the cheese plate which was excellent.  My brunch companion's bolognese was perfectly adequate -- it didn't blow either of us away, but no complaints.  Then the trouble started.  I had ordered the Sausage and Biscuits and when it came out, I discovered that the kitchen had forgotten to include the sausage.  It was just biscuits, potatoes and some gravy.  I finally got the attention of our waitress (who never checked in on us, I had to wave my arms to get her attention) and told her that my entree was missing the sausage.  No apologies, nothing, just a monotone "I'll tell the kitchen."   Another 5 minutes before they bring me the sausage and the rest of my entree is now luke warm at best, the gravy having congealed into an unappetizing mess.  The sausage patties they brought me?   Cold.  Not room temp, but COLD, as if it just came out of the refrigerator.  And the person who brought it to my table?  Again with the attitude "Here's your sausage."  No, sorry for leaving out the main part of your dish. This is the first time I have ever not given a tip for a meal.  But, if you give me zero service when the restaurant isn't even full, screw up my order, and fail to show any care at all for my dining experience, then the $50 we spent on brunch is more than enough.  Seems like the White Dog Cafe is all hype.
