Okay, let me preface this by saying I am a vegetarian and I suppose am mostly writing this for other vegetarians who might be interested, since this place boasts two different tofu sandwiches. Basically, my advice would be to take the sides, which are good, but leave the tofu. I got the BBQ Tofu sandwich once. It's a long roll with sliced tofu, mayo-less slaw, pickes and BBQ sauce. Everything else was fine (although the pickles leaned towards the thick end), except the tofu. Here's the thing, in my experience, with trying to BBQ tofu. First, you really need to press it. Here, it was decently firm, okay. It wasn't chewy (usually, to get that, you need to freeze and thaw it). Overall though, I would not get it again for one major reason - no crust. BBQ tofu generally isn't marinated like other tofu dishes, so a lot of people drench it in sauce (this wasn't) and broil it for a few minutes. It'll get a delightful crust that is similar to the crust on rubbed meats or chicken skin. It's actually pretty good. There wasn't any crust on the tofu here, which felt a little sad to me. If I am totally honest, tofu isn't really the "best" meat substitute out there for BBQ - most veg people I know argue that seitan is better, but I get that seitan is more labor intensive and tougher to work with. Only one BBQ place I ever went to offered it, and they aren't in business anymore. I am sure that the BBQ chicken is probably light years ahead of this. Okay, on a positive note, I do love the sides. They offer Kimchi (which will please many a vegetarian), little corn bread muffins (which are Amazing, seriously), mac and cheese (which I admittedly have not confirmed is totally vegetarian, but I really, really hope because I love it so), beets with feta cheese, roasted potato wedges (really, really good), pickles and others sides. I will certainly be back here to indulge in one of vegetarianism's greatest traditions - gorging on sides. (and maybe getting a salad). The sides are a good size, reasonably priced and certainly worth the trip all by themselves.
