We first noticed the Farmhouse Tap & Grill while walking down Bank Street last Friday morning; new construction built on the ruins of an abandoned, post-apocalyptic McDonalds.   With the local and sustainable food movement gaining more and more steam nationally, the symbolism would be heavy-handed if it weren't sitting right there in the bricks. The Farmhouse was heartily endorsed by the staff of a nearby establishment as a) brand new b) the talk of the local food scene and c) a showcase for the best meat, dairy and produce the Champlain Valley has to offer and a haven for quality beer and wine.   We put our names in for dinner and were ushered to the back beer garden, a patio space with communal picnic tables and planter boxes growing kale, tomatoes, parsley, chives and much of the other herbs used by the restaurant.  Beer, wine and appetizers were available here and we started with a Magic Hat Odd Notion Wild Ginger Ale (hers) and a Stone Ruination (mine).   Fifteen minutes later, we settled up our garden tab and were brought through the bustling dining room to our table.  After some deliberation and help from our server, we started with a cheese plate pairing a clothbound cheddar with a brie-like ayr.  The cheeses were served with apple butter, roasted walnuts and crostini (we went through two baskets before the plate was finished). Our entrees were the white bean and portobello veggie burger with fries (hers) and the house mac and cheese (mine).  The fries were accompanied by a small wooden slat of condiments- a house-made roasted garlic aioli, straight mayo, whole seed mustard and ketchup.  Once we got over the aioli (simply roasted garlic and mayo according to our server), we focused on our main dishes. The veggie burger was neither the rubbery soy composite nor the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink grain and vegetable mash-up that I expect from gastropubs and alehouses that want to shoehorn a "healthy" option onto their menu.  Built small but tall and served simply on a fresh bun with mozzarella and greens, the lady insisted that it was the best non-meat burger she had ever had. The mac and cheese was of similar quality- caramelized onions, scallions and bread crumbs topped a delicious melange of pasta and local cheese. We couldn't resist dessert, especially when we saw a table being served strawberry shortcake nearby.  We ordered some drinks (Allagash White for her, Dogfish Head 60 Minute for me) and copied our neighbors.   You really haven't lived until you've had fresh Vermont whipped cream, which graced the top of the lemony shortcake and fresh strawberry sandwich that we split as the finale. I won't mince words- this was one of the best and happiest meals of my life.  To think that a meal of such care and craft was served literally on the same floor tiles (seriously, look) as countless Happy Meals is the most delicious irony.
