I went here for a Saturday morning brunch and did not make a reservation. After reading about and finding out just how in this restaurant is I'm really glad we tried it. However there are some key points that make it a good - but not great experience for me. let's start with the good stuff - so the mobile readers can get going! ORIGINAL FOOD - this is the triumph of the restaurant (note that original does not mean amazing taste - see below). They take some really intriguing ingredients and put them together. You must try the ricotta and honey truffle appetizer - made to look like a fried egg and toast - it is amazing. I had the tripe and fried eggs as well and was impressed with the originality. AMBIENCE - if you're going to impress someone this is a place that will work. The accents remind me of an old vineyard / french kitchen. The wooden benches and uniforms are great too. The rest of the people eating there are specimens too - great to be part of hipsters in New York! Now onto the glaring areas that make the experience normal. BOOKING AND WELCOME - We had a party of 5. They would not seat us until the 5th person came. The quote from the desk was 'we can seat you but if you do sit down you need to order for the fifth person before they come'. So... have you heard anything more stupid in your life? What kind of masochistic idiots eat here and put up with this crap? SERVICE - Untrained. Painful. Always butting into our conversations - but the most ridiculous moment was when they took our plates away whilst we were still eating the appetizers (along with the knives) and then had us look at each other stunned whilst we were waiting for our mains. The waitress was also pretty flippant - and offered to make me any coffee I wanted but wasn't able to pin point the one I selected - but she was good enough to check her ego and apologize. TASTE - The taste of the food was average. The originality is second to none - however the food itself lacked the X-factor. For the price it was definitely a disappointment. Brunch cost just under $50 bucks. You could get michelin star restaurants for that! Overall - I think this place is over-rated and caters to their clientelle perfectly - pretentious and looking to stand out in a way that is original. It's an amazing location - and the things that I pointed out could easily be improved (I'm open to the invite to re-try their menu with my 5 friends where we can all sit down and not wait for the last friend to redeem themselves). Watch this restaurant to see if it will go up or down in rating over time.
