I visited Vietnam Cafe for the second time with a friend late on a quiet evening when the restaurant was a little less than half full. We were seated promptly, and although there were tables available with space between them we were seated right next to some people and adjacent to the kitchen. I barely had enough room on the crowded bench for my jacket. Seemed a little weird that they'd cram us together when there was obviously plenty of room. When I had been to the Vietnam Cafe previously, I let the waiter know I was a vegan and he pointed out 2 dishes on the entire menu, saying those were the only 2 vegan options. They were both Vermicelli dishes, one with Spring rolls on top, one with tofu. (Earlier reviews seem to indicated that they will tweak the dishes for vegetarians. I didn't have this same experience but I do have the feeling more is available for veggie people. However, I can only write about my own experience). This time, I said to the waiter that I had been there previously and had been told the vermicelli with Spring rolls is vegan as long as I ordered a soy sauce with it rather than the sauce it normally comes with. The waiter was very attentive and polite and said it would be no problem. My dining companion ordered the same dish but with the non-vegan side sauce. We ordered the sauteed Bok Choy with garlic as an appetizer to share. I'm glad I asked if it was vegan, he said it could be made vegan if they left out the oyster sauce. (The Vietnamese seem to put some kind of animal-based seasoning, sauce or something into almost all of their dishes, so it is admittedly hard to find a vegan dish here, which I expected). The Bok Choy came out less than 10 minutes later, steaming and looking yummy. It was very good, extremely oily but very good, with big yummy chunks of garlic. Just as we were finishing the Bok Choy our vermicelli came out. Mine accompanied by soy sauce with scallions in it, and my friend's accompanied by a lighter looking sauce. (See photos I posted for this business for the two dishes with diff sauces). I am a picky eater and my friend is too. I've had a dish similar to this one at the Vietnam Restaurant in China town. It was delicious and I remember them having a variety of dipping sauces such as one with peanuts in it. These sauces really made the meal. This was before I was vegan, and I wonder how many of those sauces had animal product in them. I definitely felt a sugar rush after having them! Anyhow, we just had the sauces they gave us and I was wary of trying to ask for/describe a sauce that they either didn't have or that had animal product in it. So we just hunkered down to enjoy our meals. My noodles and Spring roll were pretty good with lots of soy sauce dumped on them (if not a little salty). My friend found his noodles to be cold (but didn't even tell me this til after we left) and thought the Spring rolls were kind of bland. I'm sure they were since he barely put any sauce on them. He didn't like the sauce that came with the Vermicelli (I smelled it, smelled like pig! What is it with pig sauces everywhere I go? lol). Overall, I would say the service is excellent, the ambiance is nice if you don't mind watching your elbows and not having too intimate of a conversation since there will be people sitting a foot and half away from you whether it's crowded or not. The food seems like it's pretty good, but I am so limited by what I can eat off of the menu that I'll never taste their best dish. Therefore my review is somewhat biased by my vegan limitations. I'm glad Vietnam Cafe is there, it's very convenient, I like the family and the way they run their businesses so far as I can see (they also own Fu Wah). I hope maybe they will add a special vegan dish to their menu at some point, something with interesting seasoning. If they do I will have to re-write this review. :)
