I was introduced to this place by a friend about 2 and a half years ago, and instantly it was my to go place for tapas. Been here plenty of times since then.   The bread with tomato rub and Serrano ham always hit the spot, never really had a bad dish. Until tonight.  Took a friend there that never had tapas before and was excited about introducing her to tapas.  Ordered the bead, quail eggs with chorizo, Serrano, squid, and the seafood paella.  Everything was good until we dug into the paella. The rice was overly salty for both our taste and found ourselves washing it down with water, plenty of water, because it was difficult to swallow after the second spoonful. Normally, I wouldn't bother, but today I decided to tell our waitress about the rice. She took it back immediately and came back two minutes later and said to us, "the chef tasted the paella and he said it was perfect!! Nothing is wrong with it, but if you want something else..." Told her that it's alright and to wrap it up. I figured my boyfriend wouldn't mind eating it and it was really a waste if we threw it out.  Boyfriend tried it when I got home, and he agreed it was way too salty, so he just ate all the seafood, which was perfect. I wasn't trying to be difficult, but I really don't appreciate the fact that the chef said it was perfect, maybe it was the wrong choice of words and he needs to put into consideration that maybe  just maybe his liking of salty food is different from other people.   Telling your customers, indirectly, that they're being difficult isn't the way to go. It makes you look bad because you make them feel like they insulted you, when they're just voicing their opinion.  Not everything is perfect, it's okay. Maybe someone in the kitchen got a little salt happy, it happens. I'm not blaming you for anything, calm down. Yes, I saw your facial expression when you heard something was sent back. A simple, "sorry it wasn't to your likings, but is there anything else you would like to try off our menu?" Would have been nice.   Next time, I guess I'll just skip on the paella, and keep my opinions to myself, just in case I accidentally insult the chef again. Guess it's no longer, "customers are always right.." But more like... "it's whatever the chef says!! Because...I'm the chef!!!"
