Being hungover from the night before, and felt too sick to eat anything at Smorgasburg. But then, of course, right after we left, I started to work up an appetite. On heading back towards the Brooklyn Bridge, we passed by Julianna's Pizza. This was one of the places on our NYC hit list, but was eventually slashed since we had too little time. But I hadn't eaten yet, and the pizza place was right there... Grimaldi's was first located in the current Julianna's restaurant. In 2011 it became Julianna's. I haven't been to Grimaldi's yet, but it's the same people that own it. If there were no line at Julianna's, I would definitely take the opportunity to eat here than wait eternity at Grimaldi's. We walked in around 11:30 and the restaurant was full. We asked how long the wait would be for two people, and they said we could be seated right away. How about that! Perfect timing. We ended up ordering the Margherita pizza. We kind of didn't want anything big, since I wasn't sure how much I could eat, and my bf had just eaten. Waiter: (holding out notepad) What can I get for you? Me: A small margherita pizza. Waiter: (puts down notepad) You're not going to get any toppings? Me: Should we get toppings? What should we put on top? Waiter: Housemade Meatballs are popular here. Pretty funny...the waiter was in disbelief when we were going to order a "gasp" plain margherita pizza!!  His suggestion was wonderful though - housemade meatballs were a hit. But the pizza sauce and crust was amazing too. The sauce was very sweet, the perfect combo with the mozzarella cheese and basil sprinkled on top. The cheese was so yummy...just very fresh since it was housemade. You could really taste the difference between this and any old regular mozzarella from another pizza joint. We ended up eating almost the whole pizza, leaving 1-2 slices. Not bad for one girl and one guy who wasn't hungry! The small pizza was HUGE - we thought it was a mistake when it came to our table, but it was indeed a small! Service here was so nice. They made us feel at home, treated us like family, even though we were from SF! Not sure where the rude New Yorker stereotype comes from. Also, at end of our meal, we wanted to walk on the Brooklyn Bridge. We asked our waiter for directions, and he actually walked outside the restaurant with us, and pointed specifically where to go. All of the workers did that, actually, very sweet! I'm guessing they get a lot of tourists. A line formed by the time we walked out the door. Get there early!!!
