Atera was the perfect place for my celebratory Birthday dinner. I felt truly pampered, The food was beautiful and the service was first class. A memorable experience. Upon entering Atera, you're ushered into what seemed to be a secretive kitchen that is dimly light. I was completely blowned away by the cozy main seating area- a U shaped  bar counter, that accomodates about 6 couples with a birds' eye view of the chef and his many assistants meticulously preparing your food. Our server for the evening was most courteous and magically knew it was my birthday, wished me well and then reviewed our dietary restrictions as requested in our reservation. The 3 hour long show consisted of 20 courses, most of mine were seafood based and indistinguishable vegetarian dishes for my friend. They were beautiful pieces of art, that appealed to all the senses.  Each one presented in an organized manner followed by detailed explanation of the ingredients used in creating the masterpiece. Some of the highlights from my meal were the Trout Roe, Stripped Bass, Roasted Duck, Lobster Roll and Sunchoke Chips. My complete MENU was as follows: KING CRAB-garnished with Dianthus With lemongrass & wild ginger FLUKE- garnished with wasabi With Daikon, mushroom sauce FALL SALAD-garnished with gold leaf Yellow vegetables LAMB TARTARE- garnished with nasturtium With Spot Prawn SEA URCHIN With Carrot & lobster sauce TROUT ROE With Corn & sunflower SMOKED TROUT- garnished with Queen Ann's lace With brown butter & liver TROUT LIVER With Apple & brown butter LOBSTER ROLL With Yeast & meringue GEODUCK With buttermilk & air baguette CRISPY SUNCHOKE - garnished with sunflower With aioli HUSHPUPPY smoked yoke & corn BEET JERKY With crustecean cream SMOKED MUSSELS Mussel jus & purple carrot DUMPLING- garnished with sudachi Shrimp STRIPPED BASS- garnished with okra With cranberry bean ABALONE- garnished with emerald ice lettuce With wheat berry, blue foot ROASTED DUCK- garnished with wrinkled crinkled cress With green tea SORBET Raspberry with Licorice caramel ALMOND- garnished with buckler leaf Grapes ROASTED SQUASH With marshmallow & brown butter Followed by chocolates for dessert. All of the dishes were stellar and quite satisfying, did not leave hungry (which was a concern I had earlier). As per the service, it was very detailed and all of my needs were met (which included providing me with a pashmina when I exhibited signs that I was feeling cold). Atera is an indulgent dining experience, it will intrigue and amaze your senses, supercede your expectations and leave you fantasizing about another rendezvous.
