This the definition of a five star restaurant in 2010. If I could change one thing: well I'd make it easier for me to get a reservation but only me. This place is hard to get a reservation at a good time. Try to book it in advance, weeks in advance, because it is worth it. I have been to ABC Kitchen twice. Once on a date with Natalie F., the other time with my parents and grand-mother. It is one of those rare casual restaurants that can be as fancy as you want it to be. If you came in a tuxedo, I don't think you'd stand out anymore than if you came in a t-shirt. Perhaps this is because the restaurant's interior radiates with a special soft light on white glow that oozes class. The lighting and unique decorations create a truly special atmosphere unlike any I have ever experienced. Another major plus as far as design does is the ample space between tables. So many Manhattan restaurants stack tables so close to each other that the restaurant itself loses any intimacy that it might otherwise have. The designer spaced the tables much farther apart than most NY restaurants do which really gives the place a much better feel that many other restaurants. As far as the menu goes, they have seasonal appetizers called the market table. According to our server, their specialties are their toasts. I had the peekytoe crab toast and it was really special. They also have a liver toast and another with tomatoes I believe. We had several other tremendously tasty appetizers. In particular, the calamari stood out as hands down the best calamari I've ever had. It came with a dipping sauce that made the dish as well as your traditional marinara. The heirloom tomatoes and mozzarella was also great and had a touch of jalapeño which stood out compared to other tomatoes and mozzarella dishes. The tuna sashimi was excellent as well. For entrees I have had the haddock and the lobster. Both were fantastic. The other people in my party had the chicken, bass, egg pizza, and cheeseburger. My mom said the chicken tasted better than any chicken she has ever had. The chef prepared it superbly, mildly crispy on the outside and moist in the middle. The bass had a mild spice to it that tasted different that most seafood dishes but worked perfectly to create a memorable entrée. The deserts were good but none of the ones I tried were the to die for desserts that I'd say you just have to try. If something looks good to you, however, you'll probably like it because they were pretty tasty. In conclusion, it really doesn't get any better than this. It is a 5 star dining experience and receives top marks in every category I can think of. If I ranked  service, food, and ambiance independently I would award ABC 5 stars in each category. When you put it all together it is a restaurant of the highest order. I cannot recommend any restaurant with more enthusiasm than I do ABC Kitchen.
