**UPDATE** Upon returning to Nicola's I thought to order the same dish again. To my surprise, assuming it was because the owner was no longer in the kitchen, it was so busy that the Chicken was so bad I couldn't finish it. And had to send it back! How was this possible?! People who knew me said they tried the restraunt based soley on my review alone. I'm almost tempted to delete the review. I can't believe it! Such a shame. Ash Lets begin with the first glance at some other reviews that left me skeptical at best. Im not sure about the other two reviewers but I have been to many upscale italian restaurants. And this has got to be one of the best experiences I have had to date. The help was very proficient in making us aware of the specials and my girlfriend and I usually start off with a fried Calamari. Unbelievable. Not to mention they give you a Ginger sauce with Marinara for this Melt in your mouth appetizer. It was a Monday evening, cold brisk and the kind of weather you just want to grab that special someone and sit by a fire reading french poetry. However we decided to celebrate an occasion by trying Nicolas. Paired with a Bold South Australian 07 Shiraz we started off with a Chicken Calabrese for myself and my beautiful other half indulged in the Veal Ossobucco. For me I thought the presentation was exceptional along with the sauce and smoked mozzarella and asparagus wrapped with chicken so tender your taste buds send signals to your brain bringing back key memories that of your childhood rolling down hills of green. And the Lovely woman to my right who was brought up in a traditional Italian lifestyle knows what to look for with a dish such as this. To my surprise her eyes were wide with pure satisfaction every last bite was savored. I can go on and on but this was the first (of many im sure) visits we had the honor of attending. I would like to award this culinary experience five stars. Well done Nicolas. We look forward to visiting very soon! until then I tip my hat to you sir. *this has been an official midrib review*
