We arrived early and were the first to be seated in the dining room at a nice table with a view of the bar and the street.  I noticed several cookbooks by the dessert bar (Alinea, The Fat Duck, Eleven Madison Park, and a ratio book.)  These pretentious books raised my expectations quite a bit why else would they display them. The waitress started off great, asking for drinks before I even looked at the drink menu.  We choose the prix fixe menu for restaurant week.   Starting off with the chips and fondue... very nice but not seasoned very well. The next course was calamari with grill shishito peppers  light and crispy.   My wife's corn bisque with scallop ceviche was nice as well The main courses were crisp schnitzel over mustard speatzle  very crisp but exceptionally thick for a schnitzel and was a bit tough.  The whole course was barely seasoned. and the lemon that was given as garnish barely helped. Mow back to the waitress.. She started off eagerly attentive, opening the wine and pouring it once.  after the entree was dropped she disappeared....until our plates had been empty and stacked for awhile.  I was also  surprised that with a business casual dress code the servers were in jeans. and shirts that showed the muffin top of once busser. (not so professional)   Finally our dirty dishes were picked up and then it took a long time for our dessert.  I could have understood if the place was packed but there was a five top next to us and deuce arrived at the end of our meal.   Our desserts arrived with a birthday candle   chocolate caramel tart with ice cream.  Nice presentation, very thick crust (not good) runny caramel and a ganache glaze.  Sweet but not really a hit.  It could have been so much better. Overall the food was a 4 star event.. the music and decor were nice (except for the country music thrown in with the jazz?)  But the server just took a vacation half way through the meal...How sad and unprofessional.  So overall it was a three star experience.   The normal menu looked very compelling, and we may go back.. except that every thing we ate was rich in fat (butter, cream, deep fried) and left us feeling bloated and queasy.
