Delicious and creative food.. the menu changes daily, but the main components of most of the dishes remain consistent throughout the changes (which are mainly just changes in preparation and accompanying flavors) Our waitress explained that the menu is arranged from lightest to richest and that all the dishes are meant to be shared. The two of us ordered four dishes all together. About two minutes after we ordered, the waitress told us "your food is on the way!" lol, talk about efficiency. Then we realized why, she meant our complimentary amuse bouche: little shots of watermelon gazpacho. Wasn't a fan because it tasted like lukewarm tomato gazpacho but it was on the house so not gonna let it affect my rating. Anyways, on to the main event. We expected the lighter dishes we ordered to come out first and heavier dishes to follow but it ended up just the opposite. Our richest selection was the sautéed veal sweetbreads w/ artichokes cherry tomatoes and picholine olives, and that was actually brought out first which was strange but it tasted divine so no complaints. They also brought out the next richest dish early in the game, and that was also very yummy: sautéed broccoli rabe topped w/ roasted portobella-truffle toast (basically a very thick and savory texas toast) and a fried egg. After we devoured both dishes, there was about a 10-15 minute wait and we were anxious to see if they were gonna bring out the sliders next or the burrata salad. Ended up being the burrata, which was beautifully arranged w/ speckled plums, mint, tomatoes, and what appeared to be micro greens. The flavors complimented each other well. At this point I was getting stuffed because my friend didn't know what sweetbreads were and when I told him he gave up immediately so I had to finish the plate myself. Finally we got the short rib sliders, which came with perfectly cooked sweet potato fries and a smoked paprika aioli which went well w/ both the fries and sliders. I pretty much give a thumbs up to everything we tried but a thumbs down to the order in which they came out because my stomach did not agree. Next we got a dessert menu. Neither of us eat pork so the ever popular bacon donuts were a no-go. Instead we selected the vanilla panna cotta w/ berries and the chocolate parfait topped w/ brandied cherries and black sesame ice cream. Both were very good. Our waitress brought out our check along w/ an after-dinner snack: One-bite cubes of watermelon w/ a slight drizzle of pomegranate molasses and lime zest. Looked plain and simple but tasted amazing and complex! Sweet refreshing end to a fantastic meal Only cons are really that they brought out the heaviest dishes first and that the main dining area was super noisy which kills the ambiance. Tables are way too close together and space to move about is pretty much none. I did ask if we could sit in the back garden area while making reservations but they said there's only 4-ppl tables back there. When I went to the bathroom I saw that they were right about there only being 4-seat tables however most if not all the tables had a party of two sitting at them.O RLY? Food was excellent though so I do see myself coming back here.
