I was really excited when this place landed. It's a beautiful build, very light and pleasant, and has a community feel to it. The food ranges from good to mediocre -- sometimes something will be delicious, sometimes, not so much. I wish they'd get their quality control under control. I've had a perfect tempeh sandwich, and one where the tempeh was deep-fried and hard (eeccch); the salad can be really wilty. The bread perfectly fresh or not so much. I agree with the poster who said that there could be a bigger focus on hygiene. This poster said the counter person swept up and then, without washing hands, made a drink. This isn't cool. I'm not fond of when someone handles money, and then grabs a tea bag with their unwashed hands. A cup of very hot water isn't hot enough (as you're not boiling it for 10 minutes) to kill flu germs that are likely to live on money. Counter folks either need to be asked  to take their time and wash their hands -- or use food prep gloves between ringing  up and handling food and drinks. As others have written, the owners either ought to PRETEND they're happy to see the customers, or work with a manager who can play that role. It's too small a business to be as downright chilly as it is. The counter people/wait staff range from lovely and friendly to checked-out, but ultimately it's not their job to create a vibe, it's the owners.' And lastly, the law says (yes, the law!) that because some of us have food allergies, restaurants need to be able to adjust their prep as needed. I feel like the chef's palate at this place is really spicy, and with things (like carrots or greens)  it would be so easy to make a few things more plainly. Roasted vegetables and risotto drenched in pepper are a very specific taste...a taste that can make some of us with particular medical issues and allergies quite ill...so why not make things plain and offer a hot sauce option?  I mean, it may be that, in the end, my food allergies are incompatible with this chef's palate, but at most places I go, it's quite possible to have plenty of things that work or to say, I'd like the risotto/sandwich/side of veggies/eggs, etc., and hold the pepper. Why, if I have so many complaints, am I bothering to write this? Cause I love that this place came to my neighborhood: cause I think they have a good space, and make some great choices, and have the right idea. Cause I think my comments above, and others', are not fatal flaws but are adjustments that can be made, if the owners care to listen to what works for customers who are already paying customers. My guess is that this could be the owners' first restaurant, and  that what makes places thrive and succeed over time in a food-positive place like South Brooklyn is to be open to adjusting and listening. My favorite Manhattan vegan spot has been in business for around 30 years, and one thing they've done periodically is to ask their customers to fill out questionnaires and make suggestions.  Obviously people who run a restaurant can read Yelp reviews, but only a small percentage of customers will take the time to do what I'm doing here. Why not reach out to everyone who walks in the door? People like having an opportunity to offer praise and suggestions.
