Went to Lolita for the first time for a date night. Truly a success! Let me break it down for you. Service - Our host for the night was a-ok, not super friendly but at least he did his job (seated my friend and I). Our waitress, Nina, on the other hand, might have been one of the best waitress I have the fortune to meet among my dinning experiences. She was very knowledgeable with everything on the menu and patient (for checking back 3 times before I finally decide on my entree) Food - Five stars, hands down delicious! My friend and I started with one margarita each (is there any other way to begin a meal?!) Since we were using the GILT voucher, we received a watermelon salad and guac as appetizers to share. For entree, we both ordered tacos - carnitas y panza and crispy fish. Now - mind you that I have had many carnitas tacos before, but Lolita's is one of the best ones I've had! The small piece of pan fried pork belly on top of the tacos was muy delicioso! Fish taco was a bomb too! [ok now I'm hungry/dialing and making reservation] Drinks - As mentioned, we ordered two margs: one cucumber + jalapeno and the other one was the bethany. Both were delicious! The Jalapeno one is a bit spicy but it's a nice kick to go with their tacos. Avoid it by all means if you only like fruity margs :) Dessert - Let me start by noting that I am typically NOT a dessert person, however, I went out of my comfort zone and man, it was worth it! I had the cheesecake... and it was AWESOME! I was already over my capacity before our dessert arrived but there was no way that I would say no to food [I call it the "no food left behind policy"] Thick and creamy cheese cake layer on top of a Mexican chocolate tart base. YUM. My friend got the coconut tres leches. Basically, it's vanilla ice cream on top of a coconut cake(warm). Pretty delicious too if you like coconut. The only drawback about this place I'd mention, is how tightly arranged the tables are. Granted that it is a small restaurant so it was expected.
