This review encompasses 2 dining experiences, the first one during the first week of the official opening and the second one this past weekend. It was very interesting to see the differences in the service and the menu in just a short couple of months. The reason for 4 stars would be the service that we experienced in our most recent visit. All staff were incredibly attentive, aimed to please, and in short, knew their ****.  Service alone was 5 stars. The food was all good and solid. It appears that they have edited their menu quite a bit-- in this most recent visit, we started with a grilled cheese appetizer with butternut-apple soup and the smoked sturgeon carbonara. The grilled cheese was made differently this time, though no one at the table could quite put their finger on it. The soup served with the grilled cheese was previously tomato soup....switch back to the tomato soup! The butternut-squash apple soup was barely touched by our table (which never happens). The carbonara was rich, buttery, all things that carbonara should be-- but barely any sturgeon! For entrees, one friend said it was a delicious burger, and I have to say, those fries were crunchy and extremely salty (good thing I love salt). I had the dry aged steak which was served with a buttery potato gratin. I specified medium but it came medium-rare; still delicious though!  Another friend had the Arctic char, which she enjoyed but wished there was a sufficient side, as it came with 3 small fingerling potatoes. The DESSERTS! On the night that we came, they apparently debuted 2 new desserts, the warm chocolate cake and the other, I cannot remember. No matter, we tried everything. The warm chocolate cake, though I desperately wanted to love it, was very underwhelming and sadly the letdown of the desserts. The hazelnut financier cake with vanilla semifreddo and pomegranate consomme was amazing! The beignets with vanilla custard and cranberry compote blew my mind away, and the apple crisp was perfect. The blood orange sorbet was a highlight of the ice cream and sorbets that we tried (I did not like the beer ice cream, but that may just be personal preference). Please bring back the molten chocolate tart! I loved it last time! All in all, it is a gorgeous setting and the service is wonderful. I definitely want to try more of the bar menu-- seems to be very solid, as many were ordering from it around us. Be sure to get the dessert!
