A group of us went to Osteria for a send off dinner for a colleague.  It was the PERFECT choice. Starting with the staff - they were so patient and nice - a large group means a lot of noise and not everyone paying attention; they were repeating themselves a lot.  They made great suggestions, including doing a lot of food for the table so we could all try a bunch of different things.  And by a bunch, I mean  A LOT. We started with the seasonal anti pasti, two pastas (the short rib and the wild boar bolognese), two pizzas (margarita and mortadella).  We probably should have stopped there with the food.  There was a lot of plate passing and sharing - always at least one dish in the air.  The anti pasti was a perfect winter treat - it's always nice this time of year to get a plate of bright vegetables, all colors of the rainbow - red and golden beets, brussel spouts (my favorite part), carrots...The pasta was perfectly cooked and frankly - the wild boar, i could have skipped the pasta and just eaten the sauce with a spoon. We really could have stopped there, but the Secondi options all sounded so good!  Across the table, we got steaks, swordfish, and the hen.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  It had the right amount of salt and amazing flavor.  The swordfish was tender and smelled amazing.  The fish and the steak were both delicious. And of course we had to get dessert.  When we couldn't decide, our server suggested sort of a sampler.  She brought out a platter, for lack of a better term.  My two favorites were the coconut nugget things with the passion fruit sauce and the molten chocolate cake.  But everything was delicious.  The lemon cake with poppyseed gelato was clean and fresh and crisp.  Everyone at the table fell in love with the bananas in flaky pastry. Really - it was an amazing meal.  The space is gorgeous, the staff is wonderful, and it's great for a group or for an intimate dinner for two - and everything in between.  I only wish I could go back more often.
