The Restaurant Week brunch at Ilili was a wonderful treat in a whimsically beautiful setting with extremely attentive service and excellent company.  Ilili came highly recommended by my legendary eater friend, Dan C., so I knew that I had to go try it.  That they were serving up Restaurant Week bargains was the cream cheese icing on the cake. For $24.07 a person, we each selected an entree and a side.  Brunch cocktails including bloody marys, mimosas and pomegranate cava were available for $5 each, truly a bargain in this neighborhood at this caliber of eatery.  I believe that the normal brunch is $27, which includes the entrée, side and a cocktail, so it may be an even better deal depending on your level of preferred brunchtime inebriation. 1. Ashta Stuffed Awaimat - we were delightfully surprised by a complimentary starter of Lebanese Beignets!  The dense beignets worked well with the clotted cream, but the star of the show was the astonishingly flavorful orange blossom simple syrup.  Don't be shy - be sure to cut up your beignet and dip it in this sugary delight! 2. Chakchouka Eggs in Cocotte - three plump poached eggs in a small cast iron pan swimming in a fragrant tomato based sauce accompanied by a dressed nest of arugula and four falafel-shaped, perfectly crisp hash browns.  The dish was lovely, and even after the eggs were gone, we found ourselves mopping up the sauce with pita bread 3. Mekanek Egg Manouche - a whole wheat pita pizza covered liberally in a layer of lamb sausage bits and olive oil then topped with three poached eggs.  The best way to eat it seemed to be to cut in thirds and fold in half pizza style with the egg in the middle so as not to lose any of the precious yolk!  Since El Queso Grande ordered this, I freely took some bites out of it.  It was delicious! 4. Chankleech Egg Manouche - similar to the Mekanek Egg Manouche, this dish was a whole wheat pita pizza covered in a layer of chankleech cream, which my friend described as being similar to cheese.  As an aspiring vegetarian, he gave me all of his basterma, which is a delicious cured beef.  I gratefully accepted and wolfed it down (with some help from El Queso Grande) 5. Lamb Burger - while I did not get to sample this, the burger was large and looked perfectly cooked 6. Hommus - at our waiter's suggestion, I ordered the hommus for my side.  It was very tasty and served with a generous pool of olive oil and pita bread for the table.  I would have liked to try the shrimp or lobster hommus but that will have to wait for next time 7. Batata Harra - cubed potatoes (about the size of mini dice) with great seasoning.  The portion was pretty large and tasty 8. Fattoush - a large bowl of leafy Lebanese salad After our feast, although there was still food on the table, we had absolutely no room for dessert, much to our collective disappointment.  We immediately vowed to return to taste more, and we undoubtedly shall!  Feeling chatty, we lingered at the table well after we paid the bill, and the staff was very accommodating.  They even came back to refill our water twice! PARTING THOUGHT: I don't know much about Lebanese food, but this was pretty awesome!  Be sure to check out the cool bathrooms!
