It was my first time here, and I was lucky enough to go with someone special.  She knows how to speak Spanish and Portuguese, which was helpful, but I don't think the waiters would have treated us any differently without her God-given talents.  Also, they didn't make me feel at all emasculated being that she ordered for me.  In fact, their accommodating smiles showed just how proud they were of me. Now, just to let you know, I did have some form of power and control in this outing.  I had my special girl order me the beef ribs and anything else she wanted, and I called the waiter over to take our order from her.  With her beautiful smile and sexy native tongue, she followed my advice and submitted to my requests.  I believe she even took the initiative to order the Chicken Francais, which was no problem because I made the decision for us to share each others' dishes. They gave us a pitcher of water with freshly sliced lemons and lots of bread, butter, and olives.  Being that I'm a complete gentleman, I buttered her bread and re-filled her glass throughout the night.  She thought I was really sweet for doing that but confessed she was "on a diet" and couldn't eat too much.  (Of course, she's got a fabulous body and has nothing to worry about.)  So that's when I said: "Listen, baby.. We'll work off those calories later on tonight, I promise."  She giggled and shamelessly indulged by taking a bite of my freshly buttered bread. The food came out on a big plate with lots of rice, vegetables, chips, and large portions of the meat we ordered (I must say that having chips with this kind of food was pretty cool).  I forget what happened after I shared my meat with her, but I do remember being in a state of complete bliss.  Perhaps my earlier concerns for the solidity of my manhood were seduced by her enjoyment of our feast-ivity, or maybe the fact that I chose this restaurant for our evening out together meant I was already tha man in the first place.  In either case, I am proud of how well the evening went with the great food, great service, and a truly special girl who should dine more with me regardless of whether she orders for us or not.
