this restaurant is one of several in the atrium at citicorp center.  however, it is a little tricky to find since the address led me to think it was on 53rd & lex, but when i called, was told that the entrance is on 54th & 3rd (not very intuitive).  we actually ended up going in thru the atrium, which was the rear entrance to the restaurant.  a little confusing for us. we had a reservation for (3) @ 6.45pm, but upon arrival, were told that our table wasn't yet ready (a bit surprising since we were informed that our 1st choice at 6.30pm wasn't available, but they had availability for 6.45pm).  while we waited, we grabbed a table in the bar/lounge area and watched the game on tv, and enjoyed the live jazz music playing in the background. just as we were about to order drinks, the hostess came over to tell us that our table was ready.  we were given a comfortable booth which was also in a quieter section of the restaurant, so we wouldn't need to shout to converse over the jazz music and tvs in the background. here's what i had: *st. germain & domaine chandon cocktail ($12) - since there wasn't one cocktail that particularly appealed to me, i asked if they could customise a sweet cocktail with st. germain elderflower liqueur, my favourite drink mixer.  the waiter wasn't sure, but he said he would consult with the bartender, and within a few minutes, came back with a beautifully coloured drink, in a tall v-shaped glass.  i loved it, sweet, but not overly sweet, and full of elderflower flavour and bubblies.  simply delicious. *flying tuna salad ($26) - seared tuna, local greens, avocado, mango, miso vinaigrette.  this was a great salad, with LOTS of chunks of tuna, perfectly seared on the outside, rare on the inside.  the avocado and mango were very fresh and very ripe, and complemented the tuna perfectly.  this was a great summer dish, and very healthy. *five-nut brownie ($9) - brownie served à la mode with champagne custard.  good thing this was shared amongst the 3 of us, b/c it was a huge pile of sweet goodness!  the brownie was warm, and had a soft, gooey taste when i bit into it.  it was topped with a generous heap of nuts.  the ice cream was good, your average scoop of vanille ice cream.  the brownie and ice cream "floated" on top of a bed of champagne custard which was delicious.  i'd never had this before but it was very tasty and the champagne added a kick to the custard. our waiter was very cool, very friendly, and very obliging to our many requests.  the only thing he forgot was to bring me a fresh set of silverware & napkin, but i just grabbed one from a neighboring table. we had a very good dining experience here and i would definitely come back to try some of the other mouth-watering dishes on their menu.
