I love DiFara's pizza, but I don't honestly see how anyone in their right mind is willing to suffer through a 2+ hour wait to get it. Here's the thing: the first time I went, the wait wasn't too bad.  It was a few years back, before all of the hype.  The slices I got were decent, not bad.  The plain slices were good, and the "special" slice with the broccoli rabe was excellent.  It was a bit of a trek, but I figured I'd be back - and it was a great stop-off on the way to the beach.  Ok, count me in. Fast forward a few years, to last year.  I've been going less and less each year, as its popularity goes up and the lines get longer and longer.  I order my pie and get it, and you know what?  It's good, but it's a little too salty, and sitting is impossible so we bring it back to my apartment to eat and by then it's a little cold, and this after we spent well over an hour waiting to order it, watching him make it, stressing over whether he'd remember our order or if that girl on the side was going to try to sneak in front of us or why the hell we were there... the pizza was still good, even if it was a little too salty and a little cold and I definitely loved eating it.  But you know, it's just not worth it any more. I'll let other people wax rhapsodic over how great Dom is - and they're right - and about how he grows his own basil in the window or how he prepares each pie with the utmost of care and everything is done by hand and whatever else.  It's all true.  The problem is that in the end, all you're getting is a great pie, and there's no question that there's a lot of value to a great pie, but I'd much rather wait 10 minutes to score a slice of "the 2nd best in the world" pizza rather than wait 2 hours for a slice of "the best in the world" pizza.  Dom has his bad days, and honestly, waiting in line to get the pizza is boring and frustrating and a little stressful and... well, look, if you want to wait in line, fine, but I'm avoiding it, and you would be wise to as well. (And hopefully, just hopefully, the hype will die down again and then I can go back to visiting good ol' Dom and his fantastic pies...  If you care, Yelpers, if you truly care - vote this mofo down so that those of us that really know and don't need to rely on the Yelp review can go in peace.  Do it for the children!)
