Considering how much I'd heard about Marc Forgione  I was pretty excited to go here. However, the whole meal was kind of ruined from the start. There were 2 open 3 person tables in the quiet portion of the restaurant, and one in the noisy section. The female maitre'd sat us there, and I asked if we could sit in the quiet section. She said that she couldn't sit us there, without giving a reason. Considering I made the reservation a week in advance, and the amount we were paying, I didn't appreciate being sat next to 20 people standing at the bar. For a restaurant purporting to be a "neighborhood place", I wouldn't think that would be how you treat someone who has lived literally 40 feet above the restaurant for 23 years (and is 23 years old). I've seen 7 different restaurants go through this space since I was 10 years old, now I hope to see an 8th. Onto the food, some things were quite good. The oysters were really well done, and incredibly tasty. The gnocchi was good enough that I would've ordered it as a main dish. The amuse buche's and bread before dinner were all very good. I shared Chicken under a brick, which was ok, but had far too much oil and far too little distictive taste. Kind of a mish mash of stuff. The fact that the lighting near the bar made it impossible to see didn't help. Someone with me had the flatiron steak, which was good, but nothing to write home about. Overall the food was 3 star, maybe 3.5 depending on if the other dishes were better. However, the seating just killed the meal. I certainly did not appreciate the way I was treated to spend $270 for sub par food in a table usually reserved for walk ins. If you'd like a great meal in a fantastic atmosphere, walk a few blocks away to the Harrison, which is a beautiful space and has better food. If I had walked in, Marc Forgione might have been an acceptable restaurant. But for an occasion (like my mother's birthday) this restaurant was a complete waste of time and money. I just hope the female maitre'd has a change of attitude.
