I agree with previous reviews that the chef here is indeed very talented, and most of the dishes are creative and unique, but the execution suffered in some instances (which could be due to the fact that I went when it was very busy at 9pm on a Friday night). The space was small and fun, and the service was excellent. It's very noisey, so don't plan a romantic evening or a night with your parents here- go with friends. Nice, reasonably priced wine list.  For previous diners who complained the garden was too dark, it seems that Traif has invested in some additional lighting outside.  Traif really deserves 3.5 stars. I began with the butterfish carpaccio, which was my least favorite dish of the evening. The butterfish was mild and fresh, but the dish was very heavy for being a carpaccio, with the fish cut in too large,  inconsistent slices, and the salad drenched in far too much dressing. Next, we had the crispy braised pork belly, which was served with a refreshing cantaloupe salad. The pork belly was dry, but the cantaloupe cut the fat of the belly well. Now for the all stars of the evening: 1. Salt and Pepper Shrimp- even better then the salt and pepper shrimp that I've had at several cantonese restaurants in the city. Served with a melon salad, and packed just the right amount of heat. 2. Seared scallops with creamed corn and sage pistachio brown butter- perfectly cooked scallops, which my dining partner noticed that they cooked one side of the scallop on very high heat, then took the pan off of the heat entirely, cooking the second side just with the heat that the pan retained(i have never cooked the second side of a scallop this way before and will be sure to try this in the future after how well these scallops turned out). the creamed corn was reduced to be thick and rich, without overpowering the scallops. 3. strawberry cinamon glazed baby back ribs- You can smell the cinamon glaze from several feet away. I have seen many bbq dishes with flavor combinations that you would not expect appearing on non BBQ focused restaurants, and this dish is an example of this which was hugely succesful. 4. bacon doughnuts with dulche de leche and coffee ice cream- these were wonderful. get them. they melt in your mouth, and the bacon adds a very mild element of salt and fat. 6 dishes total, 2 beers, and one glass of wine for 2 people, without tip was 88 dollars. you cannot beat the prices here for the quality or inventiveness of the food.
