Meh. My husband and I went to Pauline's for our 2nd wedding anniversary dinner. We had eaten here several times before, and had good experiences, but it had been almost two years since our last visit to Pauline's. It was not as we had remembered. It was a Tuesday night, so we didn't feel it necessary to get a reservation. When we arrived at the restaurant around 6:30, the place was a little busy (due to the 2 for $28 early bird special), but folks were clearing out. Regardless, we were seated at the worst table in the house - next to the hostess station, with our backs to the door and the bar. Let's say our table saw a lot of traffic (just not of the waitstaff kind...) To top it off, they hadn't bothered to clean the table (covered in salt) and my chair wasn't broken (and I had to ask another table if I could take one of their chairs). Methinks this table doesn't get much use... When it got to the menu, we were equally unimpressed. Having an allergy to dairy, the menu was quite limiting. While in other establishments, we've found the chefs to be accommodating, there were few options for our dinner. I ordered the dinner special (beef medallions) and my husband order the Shelburne chicken, without the cheese sauce. While my meal was okay (it was a little cold when delivered to my table), my husband's chicken was bland. It tasted like boiled chicken. I guess the chef was banking on the cheese sauce to carry the dish, because there was no way the chicken could have stood on its own. It felt like the chicken was prepped earlier in the day, reheated, and slapped on the plate. Our anniversary dinner ended 45 minutes after we started (not what we had envisioned, after jumping through hoops to get a babysitter, so we could get a night out). On our way out, we stopped at the bar to give some feedback to the host who seated us, since our waitress never asked how our meal was. While the host offered a half apology, it felt like we were being admonished for not telling them it was our wedding anniversary (an anniversary or other special occasion should not be the incentive to provide better food or service). The atmosphere was dated. The waitstaff was merely competent, and often MIA. The pace was rushed (despite a half full restaurant). And the menu needs a face lift. This was likely out last trip to Pauline's.
