This was our 3rd time doing the chef's table .... first time it was amazing. Second time, a roach ran across the table and they were super nice about it - gave us a free champagne at the end... OK i get it - it's new york, doors and windows wide open, it happens. Food was still good.  Third time (last night), there was a SCREW in our risotto. Yes, a screw that one would find at home depot. One of the girls at my table found it in her plate as she went for seconds and started taking bites. We showed the waiter who basically looked surprised but then shrugged it off as if it didn't happen. He told the chefs and manager, we saw... no one came over to apologize. Unbelievable. They just acted like nothing happened. When we got our $1700 bill, we were surprised that they hadn't discounted anything or offered something on the house to "make up for it". Not only was this a HEALTH HAZARD, it is DISGUSTING. Good thing she didn't accidentally swallow the screw. We approached the manager, who barely apologized and said that he thought the chef came over and apologized and the situation was remedied. How do you remedy a screw found in your food?!? The chef never came over to apologize... As the girl who found the screw got up to use the restroom, he said he was sorry to her on her way. SO pathetic and awful customer service. The way they handled the situation was so poor. It wasn't until the  second time we complained that the manager offered a free class of dessert wine (which was so gross, no one drank it). The manager and waiter were terrible.. well I guess the chefs were too. Jonathan Waxman needs to hire and train better people. The chicken (the signature dish) and risotto (with a side of screw) didn't impress me that much. Also, almost every dish had asparagus in it. I like asparagus and all, but it gets old when it is in every dish. Needless to say, we will not be going back. And neither will any of our foodie friends, who we told this story to. Jonathan - get your crew's acts together in the restaurant.
