There really aren't words in the English vocabulary to describe the amazing food, service, and atmosphere of Hearth Restaurant. Before going, I  spent some time online scouring the menu and reading through the web site. What impressed me immediately was this restaurant has the greatest manifesto ever, and their take on service and hospitality is equal to what I'd expect from being hosted at a friends house. In person, they delivered on all counts. Beyond the service and atmosphere is the food. I have never had such an amazing food experience. Every bite, every morsel, sent shocks of glee and serenity to my brain. I know, I'm gushing, but seriously ... we had the New Zealand Snapper Crudo and Sea Scallops (off the tasting menu) for appetizer. I had the Roasted Wild Stripped Bass and my date had the Roasted Duck Breast. We also had the Gnochi (served in a white sauce) and the Hen of the Woods Mushroom sides. For dessert my date had the Chocolate-Peanut Butter Tart and I had two cheeses matched to my wine by our waitress. The Crudo and the Scallops were the highlight, that said, everything was delicious. Rely on your servers, ask questions, don't hesitate to ask for something off the tasting menu, if they can do it, they will. The servers will take excellent care of you and make great recommendations. Most importantly, read the wine list and descriptions, specifically for the Clos Saron. If the description doesn't make you want to go out and be a vintner, it will at least make you want to order the wine. It is, to date, the best wine I've ever tasted! We had the La Cuve Mystrieuse, the bottle was actually numbered. I think we had #730 out of  1,316. If you ask, they will remove the label and stick  to a piece of their letterhead for you. I had to have sip between every bite of food it was that good. I definitely plan on returning to little gem, and an plan to sit and fest at the bar, for a more casual experience! Update: Since I have sat at the bar for a drink. I ordered a dirty martini and it was so gross I thought the olive juice had gone bad. So the bartender made me a new one. The new one was just as difficult to drink. The bartender saw me drink NONE OF IT ... and offered nothing. This is not the kind of service I would expect at Hearth.
