2 stars...only because I think 1 star is just a little cranky of me and a little wrong. Perhaps the actual chef was not in the kitchen or perhaps any other "boss" was not on the premises. We chose this restaurant because of their website as well as the NY Times review from, I believe 2009 and it seemed like it would be fine, although I was apprehensive with the cold Ikea look of the room. I was right about the room. Cold, noisy and bland. Our Bed, Bath and Beyond place mats had crumbs on them that we had to wipe off ourselves. The bread basket was filled with some kind of muffin-like thing that we had to leave alone. They obviously do know what good bread is though, because a very nice few pieces came with my entree'. All of the food was incredibly under-seasoned. While yes, the presentation was delightful, the majority of the food was flavor free. Who knows, maybe they have evolved that way through all the trendy adjustments that customers force on them. ...Reduce the salt...replace the alcohol in the sauces...lower fat content...it's hard to say. At best, it needed salt, which is not on the table which presented it's own level of distress. I had first ordered the mushroom "gnocchi" appetizer. Notice the quotation marks around the word "gnocchi"? Well the server also made a point of pointing that out, meaning that there were no gnocchi in their gnocchi dish, it just "looks" like gnocchi. Really? Someone couldn't have spent another minute naming this dish a little better than just the first thing that popped into their head upon gazing at it? I was in the mood for gnocchi after I "misread" it, but I switched my order to the clams (without quotes) -I still felt the need to verify that the dish indeed contained clams and not a reasonable facsimile. Ok, so the clams came out and they looked fantastic! Well at that point I did a reset in my mind...all was forgiven and we move on from here. Not so fast. Before I tried one, I pluck one from it's shell and passed it to my date to taste. She had a surprised look on her face as she told me that it had no flavor. Thinking that, this can't be, I tried one myself. Sure as heck...a flavor free clam. I didn't get it, the broth in the dish had flavor, the over-rendered little un-chewable stones that was supposed to be pieces of smoked bacon had flavor...how could the clams remain so devoid of taste? Bummer. In between appetizer and entree' we had a delightful Italian barbera wine. The only problem associated with that experience was the over zealous need by the server to pour every minute or so. Literally, he would come to the table WHILE I was sipping my wine, pour wine for my date and wait for me to finish my sip and put my glass down in order to top me off. Uncomfortable. My main course was the pork osso bucco which I was still excited about. I love osso bucco and had yet to have a pork version. It was very good. It was tender but little dry, although not overly. I can't stress enough though, how much it lacked in basic salt and pepper seasoning.  That egotistical attitude that some chefs have towards the customer not knowing enough to adjust their own seasoning, is insulting. Especially when the chef gets it wrong. All in all, it was less than stellar. Had this been a moderately priced, moderately reviewed, typical NJ higher end place, the expectations wouldn't have been so high and disappointments wouldn't have seemed so low. Oh, and IF there was salt on the table then...things could've been different.
