Boyfriend and I had a date night and we wanted somewhere neither of us had been so we decided on this place.  When we arrived at 7 it was quiet and there were only 2 other tables. It was pretty dark inside but the decor is upscale. Music started out good and then went to some weird instrumental cover of pop songs that boyfriend said, "sounds like a Fisher Price keyboard".  He nailed it; it totally did.   Our waiter read us the specials and I got the special cocktail, some apple whiskey thing.  It was $6 (their cocktails are usually $12) and it was very good.  Boyfriend got the O.P.P. wine. We ordered goat cheese naan, spicy brussel sprouts, Gobhi Manchurian, Saag Paneer with basmati rice and a seafood platter with snapper, scallops, shrimp and calamari.  Everything is made to order so expect a slightly longer wait.  The paneer was excellent and my favorite of the dishes.  I was disappointed that my naan was more than a little overdone but it wasn't inedible.  We were also disappointed that the gobhi manchurian was fried; it wasn't listed as such, we wouldn't have gotten it had we known and it was $10 we could have used for something we would have eaten. The sauce was a little too sweet for me also, but the boyfriend was a fan. The brussel sprouts were good but hardly spicy, even when we added the sauce they said should make them more spicy; they had a nice acidity to them. The seafood platter had 2 pieces of each type of seafood and some cherry tomatoes.  It was my least favorite because of the sauce but he really liked it so just personal preference I suppose. Service was borderline pretentious but attentive and the manager came around at some point early in the meal to check on us.  Our waiter was well dressed and polite. He also got spread pretty thin when later a lot of tables showed up back to back and he had to play host and server at the same time.   The presentation on all of the food (except the seafood dish) was exceptionally pretty. We would both go back again but it just didn't pull 5 stars out of me.
