Awful.  I gave this place A LOT of chances to redeem itself and it failed 100%. SERVICE- I arrived earlier than my friend and had ask for a table for 2 since I've heard this place gets crowded.  The hostess in the front wrote my name down and ask I come back when my whole party is here.  Fair Enough, I get this is just standard in the restaurant business. My friend ran about 30 minutes behind schedule and when she finally arrived, I checked back with the hostess only realizing she had SCRATCHED MY NAME OFF the waiting list and re-wrote it down and asked me to wait AGAIN.  UM....I was furious why my name disappeared from the list and demanded an explanation.  This snobby giraffe-size hostess of course tried to intimate me, and brushed me off like I don't know what I am talking about... and simply said she can sit us in 20 minutes. Oh, and our waiter also have a stick up his a**,  one of the most unaccommodating service I've experienced. FOOD- I was attracted to this place at first by the photographs on YELP of its "Avacado Toast".  Little do I know it is literally a few slices of avocado on a whole wheat bread with a sprinkle of chill flakes.  All of those ingredients combine would cost me about $1.50 at a local Trader Joe's.  Absolutely as bland and as uninteresting as it gets. My friend and I also shared the Smoke Salmon Pot Pie. WOW, poor salmon was overcooked and dehydrated to its MAX and the spinach inside the pie was RAW and COLD!  I suspected the kitchen microwave this pre-cook piece of frozen salmon, put it in a pre-made pie crust from Costco, grab a handful of pre-packaged spinach and put it in the oven for a minute before serving.  DISGUSTING. I also ordered the Baked Egg. I was pissed off the moment I cut into the egg and realized the yolk on the egg was HARD and not runny like how every other decent eatery does baked egg! Chowing down on this overcooked food with a staff-full of idioits unfitting for a restaurant business personnel, is one of the most painful experience of my life. I looked over to the other customers hoping that it was just me who ordered the wrong things.  Some lady next to me order a bowl of fruits with a dab of yogurt on top; literally. And than I started to realize...this place is probably for people who have never held a pan in their lives and satisfied with lunchable as long as it is serves in an artisan-style cheeseboard.  Unfortunately that's just not quiet enough for me.  Don't be fool by the photographs and the glitzy fact that it is inside the jane hotel....
