went here with a group for a friend's birthday. we reserved the Bo Ssam in advance - the 15lb whole pork butt, which was super delicious. They give you bibb lettuce, kimchi, rice, and a chili sauce so you can make your own ssams. Everyone stuffed themselves and we still had about 8lbs of meat to take home. We got a bunch of appetizers as well and everything was delicious. The pork buns are just fantastic. We also got the long island fluke in youzu and peaches, and a few orders of the diver scallops with pickled cherries and lemon puree. Service wise the place has its pros and cons. The staff were very nice and accommodating, especially the sommelier. After informing me that my initial wine choice was sold out I selected another. The sommelier returned asking if I would like the wine now, or later, while discretely pointing out the $450 price. Somehow, the $450 price did not register when I ordered the wine; I thought it was much lower. I'm grateful she came by to confirm. Perhaps the fact that the first bottle I asked for was only $60 tipped her off to my mistake.   The downside of the service is that there were about 9 people working the dining room that night. I don't know why I pay attention to such things but it bothered me. I mean, if like 4 or 5 people can't handle this entire restaurant then they are doing something wrong. Also, I know this is the hip east village, but can we have some modicum of dress code or formality on the part of the staff? Some of them were dressed more for sitting on a stoop than serving upscale food. Band t-shirts and a sideways baseball cap? Come on. Maybe in a cafe in Williamsburg, but I'm running up a $700 bill here. Take off your hat. And can we get some cloth napkins please? Eating with your hands is messy and I don't want  to use a bunch of crumbled napkins as though I were eating cheap buffalo wings. Price wise I do have some issues with momofuku ssam. $14 for 5 scallops? $9 for 2 pork buns? The fluke has about 5 or 6 slices for $16 i think. I don't mind paying a lot for good food but I also don't like feeling like I am being taken advantage of. Everyone at the table had a bit of a let down when they saw the small portions. Finally, by the end of the meal I felt as though the staff were trying to rush us out. We had been there just about 2 hours and probably would have lingered another 10-15 minutes. I know they need to turn the table over but it really was a $700 check. Let us chill for a minute.
