Holy Trinity Tome 1. Wow. I don't know how to begin this. First there must be 21 people on this website who are either trolls or have impaired taste buds. Bouley is more then perfect. Everything is perfect. The place and the staff may come off as stiff and pretentious, granted but this should not affect your judgement because they are not so, this is just a facade they put on to make the place look special, which it is. The staff, David Bouley himself and everyone under his watch are doing everything possible to make your experience special here. Bouley does not even have a bar dining option and the place, the vibe is quite formal, so they have a dress code which might seem antiquated but is quite reasonable given the scenery and the concept of the restaurant. Bouley offers amazing, tremendous tasting menus for both lunch and dinner and the choices are all perfect. You can not go wrong with any of them but just so you know i will write some of my favorites. For lunch: You might try the Connecticut farm egg, Pennsylvania chicken and the beef cheeks. Foie gras is also good. Coconut soup and the chocolate souffle are amazing. Another appetizer that i love is the porcini flan which is quite unique. Dinner: Chocolate frivolous is the perfect dessert obviously. maybe the best dessert i have ever had. (and you know i have a lot of those every day.) Here you have sea urchin and the pheasant as additions. Pineapple souffle is another perfect choice. As mains either have the Kobe beef or the rabbit both are perfect. The decorum is amazing. The walls are all bedecked with modern impressionist paintings of french artists with velvet bordering. In addition to the tasting menu you get the chariot de pains which is like a big, all-moving bread basket -more like a car- which has millions of different options, which has fruity, whole-grainy, classical etc, every possible option. Also you get some amuse-bouches and additional courses as a compliment/surprise in between your courses of tasting menu which makes your experience even more memorable and perfect. The staff is also very courteous and attentive to your needs. They do not make mistakes and are very timely. You also get plenty of time to enjoy your food, you will not feel rushed here so feel free to allow yourself at least 3 hours for lunch or dinner. For drinks, bouley has amazing cocktails and an extensive winelist. Half bottles and bottles have some very good selections from all over the world. My favourite cocktails are either la pomme or la fraise (the apple or the strawberry respectively.) I wonder why bouley has only one michelin star because it definitely has more to offer than the other 1 michelin-starred venues (I am not saying competitors because probably bouley is the best restaurant in NYC.)
