I came here for restaurant week with some friends hoping to have good Lebanese food for the first time.  Our server was really friendly, but took a very long time to bring out our food.  Our dining experience took a total of 2 1/2 hours just to give you an idea of how slow they were. We were given the choices of eating off the restaurant week menu only or the regular menu for everyone in our party.  There was no mixing from the two menus allowed. So here is what we ended up getting: Sides - We started off with these and the portions were so big that we were nearly full by the time our Main Plates came out. 1) Chankleech Crumbled feta cheese on onions, tomatoes, and zaatar.  Eat it with the pita bread (which are HUGE by the way). This was an okay compared to the other sides we got. 2) Arak Mussels These were small mussels in a garlic sauce.  Very good. 3) Warm Egglant My friends liked these the most.  They're small slices of eggplant with tomatoes, tamarind molasses, and scallions.  Pretty good, but definitely not my favorite side. 4) Phoenician Fries I decided to indulge myself with some starchy fries. It's got a garlic taste with salt and pepper on it.  My favorite side. I ate so much of these that I could barely touch my main plate later on. 5) Bone Marrow The bones come out sliced down the middle so it'd exposed the marrow and be easier to eat.  It's topped with spices and comes with tabbouleh and these small "pita pillows" that you can stuff the it into. It's not much, but I liked this dish. 6) Mekanek Lamb sausages.  I read from a fellow yelper that these were delicious so I decided to get it.  The spices in the sausages overpowered the lamb taste.. in fact, it was so strong that I couldn't even tell there was lamb meat in it at all. Main Plates - Our main plates weren't as great as the sides.   1) Wild Stripped Bass It comes with grilled veggies, olives, and some salsa verde.  Nothing too spectacular or flavorful. I'd probably try something else for the next visit here. 2) Vegetarian Fatte This was an interesting entree. It looked like a soup made of yogurt with chickpeas at the bottom.  There's pita chips that comes with it, also. It was VERY creamy so I could only eat it with the pita chips lightly dipped into it. It's definitely not like eating a regular soup.   Desserts - Well by this time, our stomachs were about to explode so we opted for some Lebanese ice cream in two flavors: 1) Pistachio Okay, I didn't quite understand how a fellow yelper could say something tasted like soap, but now I do.  Wow, this flavor really did taste like soap and I think it's due to the strong floral taste to it. I would not recommend getting this. 2) Apricot I didn't get a chance to taste this but my friends did and they liked it much more than the pistachio. A bit of a side note: When our ice cream scoops came out, the apricot scoops were halfway melted and our friend told the waiter about it. To our dismay he had the audicity to ask us if we wanted him to bring out a new one.  His correct response should have included an apology and he should have told us he'll bring out a new one instead of asking. After being disgusted with our pistachio ice cream, we sat there for another 10 minutes or so waiting for our waiter to come back with the bill.  By then we noticed that our pistachio ice cream had melted halfway, which means our original apricot ice cream order had been sitting out for 10 minutes before arriving to our table.  How ridiculous is that? I will probably come back again to try the kebabs.  Overall, it was a decent place, but nothing spectacular.
