Oh, Blue Ribbon, you will forever be one of my all-time favorites.  I was so young when we met, all bright-eyed and bushy-tailed and brand-new to the big, bad city.  You were older, yes, but you were so charming.  And everyone knew you.  "Oh, you MUST know Blue Ribbon!" one after another exclaimed.   I think the first time we met it was winter.  It was late, maybe around 1 a.m.  I was already impressed when you said that 1 a.m. wasn't even late for you.   I remember  heavy, dark curtains at the door.  I got tangled in them a bit and I blushed, but, either you didn't notice or you were chivalrous enough to pretend that you didn't notice.  I was with a couple of girlfriends, and you knew right away that we were out of our league.  You gave us a smallish table near the back of the room.  Still, the server was kind.  We ordered red wine and cheeseburgers, medium-rare.  There was mayonnaise instead of mustard.  You let my friend substitute mashed potatoes for french fries.  It was the best burger I'd ever had.  That night, we felt like real New Yorkers for the first time.  I will be eternally grateful for that. I was definitely smitten, but a girl's life gets pretty hectic in New York if she's going to make it, and our visits were intermittent.  I'd have liked to have seen you every other night if I could.  I don't know if you could tell, but I was still completely impressed with you every single time we got together, no matter how long it had been since I'd seen you last.  You taught me so much about good food and good service.  You were so confident, so sure of yourself and your craft, but you always remained warm and welcoming; you never let me feel like I didn't belong.  Even when  there was a long wait, you always made me feel like you really wanted me to stay.   You set the bar incredibly high, you know.  I think some part of you enjoyed watching the young naïf's eyes open wide with each new sensation.  Oysters, Trout, New York Strip, Rack of Lamb, Steamed Artichoke, Duck Breast in orange sauce, fondue, Steak Tartare...these dishes are so familiar to me now and some iteration of them is on a million different menus around the country, but few do them as well as you.  You were my first time with any of them in public.  Could you tell? Because of you, I ordered Bone Marrow!  I know!  Bone Marrow and Oxtail Marmalade!  Right in front of God and everyone!  I could hardly believe I was doing it, but it was so unimaginably good!  Sweet and savory and satisfying in all the right ways.  I know I'm not the only girl you've ever shared that with, but, for me, at least, it was really special. And here we are, almost 10 years later.  I think you're just as charming as ever-- still so effortlessly debonair and cool, still so warm, still doing everything so well.  I spend most of my time in California these days, so we really don't see each other too much anymore.  And there are others still in New York who probably know you better than I ever could, it's true.  Still... if it's all right with you, when I think of New York, Blue Ribbon, I'll always think fondly of you.
