My friends and I had all signed up for a class at Brooklyn Boulders and we decided what better way to prepare for rock climbing and belaying than with a lovely brunch in the neighborhood?  A couple $1 mimosas to ease my fear-of-heights-and-falling nerves probably didn't hurt either... (don't worry, we were all perfectly sober by the time we started climbing.)  We picked Palo Santo due to its close proximity to the Brooklyn Boulders gym plus its stellar yelp rating.  I realized once we arrived that I had eaten Palo Santo's tacos before at the Yelp Snow Ball in 2010 --and it was the singular standout restaurant for me at that entire affair.  Thus, I was super eager to try more of Chef Gautier's amazing Latin American fusion cuisine.  Chef Gautier's Caribbean background and extensive travel through Latin America are reflected in his cuisine and the restaurant's decor.  Before opening Palo Santo in 2006, Chef Gautier worked at the famed Vong in New York, Azie in San Franciso, and as a wine maker's assistant in Mendoza, Argentina.  After recently spending time in Argentina and Chile myself, I felt like I was right back in South America upon entering this restaurant and with my first taste of the food. Palo Santo is a beautifully light and charming restaurant located in an exposed brick townhouse on a quaint tree-lined street in Park Slope, Brooklyn.  Its craftsman decor begins from the outside entrance with the spiral-patterned brick floor and the intricate floral wrought iron rails, which is duplicated in the restaurant's own bicycle rack against the tree out front.  Most of the decor is made of reclaimed materials and I particularly loved the unique table tops that had patterns made with various pebble, leaves, and coins under glass.  Cheery art installations by local artists adorn the walls, green leafy plants reach to the skylights, and all it is unified with a central wood motif. The food was delightfully fresh and simply delicious, and the menus change daily.  All ingredients are of the highest quality and produce is locally sourced (some even as local as their rooftop garden).  The ambiance was laid-back and the service was pleasant.  Best of all, the prices were quite economically friendly.  Brunch was merely $16 for an entrée, tea/coffee, and a mimosa/sangria/juice option... with each additional brunch cocktail costing just $1!  I would definitely come back for brunch as well as having a go at the dinner menu some day.
