Yay, I am a fan! For sure a good burger. I tried the hatch and the original, original was hands down better. Can't say it is my fav burger of all times but was ver good and I would go back/ recommend it. I have seen a lot of people mention the prices, really they are average for NYC around $12 for the burger. Burgers are not big but just enough, this price does not include any sides. "Many Cheese Fries" consisting of a topping of cheese, bacon and fried onions were just ok. They didn't put enough toppings on there to warrant the $5 up charge they give you for it. Other then that they tasted good but they just didn't really "do it up" with the cheese and it was only on the very tippy top, cheese just clumped onto a few top fries. Fried pickles, a good surprise! I have had them before other places but not like this. These were Kosher Dill spears deep fried in tempura batter, I'd get them again! Came with a nice ranch dressing dip. Beet Salad- umami heavy and great! It was rich in dressing and cheese so not for the faint of heart. I would love to have this again however. Nice cocktail list and beer selection. I went on 8/8 and although there was a line it only took us 10-15 minutes for a table (granted this was right at 6 pm). Negatives: -They have a whole finished upstairs room with seating and a full big bar that they weren't using. I wonder if this is to keep people waiting for a bit and maintain opening hype as covered on all the food blogs. If upstairs was open there would not have been a line. -Rushed. The waitress totally rushed us. As soon as we sat down she asked for our order, we had to turn her away two more times because she really didn't give us a chance to look. At least give people a few minutes and a water before pushing them to place it! I know she was trying to turn tables and she was sweet but I do no appreciate being rushed. -Waitress did not have our burgers the way we requested. I love medium rare (the way they suggest) but my friend likes medium. All burgers we ordered medium to share and they all came out VERY medium rare and were a bit bloody for her. -Waitress asked if we wanted our salads first we did. That did not happen. Pickles were brought out first, then burgers, then salad and lastly fries. Again I think they just brought out whatever was done first and brought it out to get us out of there as fast as possible. our burgers sat there while we had our apps and were a bit cold by time we got to them. Overall great food/ great drink would go back but they need to be more client focused and stop worrying about turning tables!
