Came here on a Saturday night with 3 friends I hadn't seen in a while to catch up. We had a hard time getting reservations that afternoon, and so the earliest we could make them were 9:15 pm. The restaurant itself is almost hard to spot from the street - There isn't a large sign or anything, and it would be really easy to pass if you weren't looking for it. Inside, it was extremely small, but intimate without being oppressively small. I'm not really sure how we fit 4 people at a small round table with all of our glasses, wineglasses, a bottle of wine, the dish and our plates, but somehow it worked, and worked well! Apparently according to the other reviews we were lucky not to be cramped at a communal table, but I think that even if we were the food is well worth the slight inconvenience of being cramped. The service was impeccable - we had made reservations that afternoon for the evening, and even though our entire party wasn't present when we got there we were given a table and waited on. It seemed as though there was almost 4 waitstaff for the roughly 5 tables or so that were in the place! Yet they didn't hover or were annoying. They were incredibly knowledgeable about the food and the wine, and weren't afraid to give their honest opinions about either. Now the food - the food was AMAZING. The first thing you have to realize is that the food is served tapas style. Which is both a blessing and a curse as you are able to try many dishes, of which all of them will be leaving you wanting more. Between my four friends we got 7 dishes: the green mango paneer, the pickled ginger scallops, the green chile shrimp, the duck confit (made vegetarian), the dumplings (made vegetarian), the zucchini hummus pizza and the chickpea encrusted skate, all of which were absolutely delicious!  Each dish was explained fully to you as they were brought one at a time, and not a single one failed to delight. The portions are small, yes, but having them come out only one dish at a time allows you to truly savor the flavor and texture profiles, and not become overwhelmingly stuffed when you leave! The true winners (that I could eat for the rest of my life and never get tired of) were the green mango paneer and the pickled ginger scallops. Literally to die for. And on top of everything else, the wine list is a steal at only $25 a bottle (yes ALL their wine). When all is said and done the bill is a bit high but for the service and overall quality of the food, it is well worth it.
