What a terrific experience all around!  We had dinner with another couple, so we each got to sample 4 apps, 3 entrees, and 4 desserts.  Apps:  the chili lobster was so perfectly spicy and rich in flavor; the cavatelli was pasta perfection with the balance of flavors and textures hitting the spot; the grilled calamari was ridiculous - so tender and delicate; and I had the special ravioli of the day - can you even imagine a ravioli dish topped with Midnight Moon cheese, with fresh summer peas, asparagus, snap peas, with the most heavenly fresh green sauce oozing out of the ravioli? OK, entrees - hubby and I shared the chicken under a brick which our delightful, friendly, and knowledgable waitress suggested was best shared if the other couple each ordered their own entrees but would also share the chicken.  She was totally right. Our friends had scallops (perfectly seared and tender) and duck breast (with the most ridiculous fois gras/confit-like accompaniment, plus cherry yumminess).  The chicken  portion was very generous - it is, after all, an entire chicken, so we were glad to share with them in exchange for a taste of theirs!  Chicken was so tender, perfectly charred, and served with delicious broccoli rabe and sinfully good potatoes.   Dessert - if you love chocolate, get the smores and the cheesecake is worth every calorie. So, part of what made the dinner delicious was the overall dining experience.  The room was very comfortable; there is plenty of space between tables for comfort and the decor is warm and "rustic-modern" but not contrived.  The service was exceptional - and I have to say that service counts a lot to me.  A great dinner with snarky, uninformed, or inattentive staff loses points.  Everyone was extremely warm and friendly but never intrusive.  Plates were served and cleared in the correct manner (rarely see that anymore, other than the most stuffy places).  Wine was served well; dinner plate held warm when my friend stepped away to the restroom just before the plate was served.  Spot on, all around.
