Went to brunch at Bishop's Collar for a "homance" date with my BFF  before hitting up the art museum.  As a HUGE fan of all things brunch, I was pleasantly surprised.   Ambiance: Relaxed and comfortable, if a little dark for a Sunday mid-morning.  The thick wooden tables, deep scarlet walls, and narrow alley feel give it a touch of...something. Charm? Personality? Whatever it is, it's unexpected, but it works.  The bathroom was clean, though ittybitty (Still trying to figure out how they put two stalls in that thing. Seriously, don't even try to turn around in there; you'll hurt yourself.) Food:  Mmmmm!  Delish!  Their brunch menu is not huge (and, sadly, no mimosas!), but everything we ordered was well-prepared.  I wound up with some tasty french toast (hold the hazelnut!), some type of ridiculously good homefries, and turkey bacon. *TURKEY BACON*  Despise turkey bacon? No, you don't! Not anymore!  If turkey bacon were street drugs, BC would be pushin' crack.  It was that good.  The BFF is a turkey bacon HATA and even she loved this stuff!     Once I came down from my bacon high, I sampled the small salad snuggled next to my homefries.  Now, usually, if you stick a cold salad on my warm plate with my warm food, the dining purist in me is gonna get all uppity on you.  Not this morning!  It was just simple spinach/greens drizzled with a house vinaigrette, and I figured, wth, I'll bite.   I don't know what or how or who they did to create the vinaigrette but...YOWZA!  Who makes house vin *that* good? (And in a bar, none the less!)  It was tangy, sweet, and totally delicious!   Most importantly for a Sunday morning:  the coffee was excellent.   I should probably also note that, while waiting for our food to come out, a server stopped by our table with a plate of pastries/half a muffin to share. The gesture was nice (which is why I *am* mentioning it), but the pastries were rather meh.  It all clearly had that wholesale-frozen quality you get when buying in bulk from a mass-producing muffin factory.  Or something.  Either way, it wasn't very fresh nor very tasty, so I almost wish they hadn't done it.  But, considering it was free and, y'know, it's the thought that counts and all... Service:  Good, decently prompt.  Three separate people stopped by our table to check on us. No rushing. I'd definitely go back, even if only for the salad.
