The five course tasting menu for lunch at $48 -- yes, only 48 bucks! -- is one of the best values in the city.  What a great way to eat at one of New York City's best restaurants for not a lot of money. The occasion -- my wife's 35th birthday and our first escape from the baby.  We chose Bouley because it serves a proper lunch, not brunch, on Sundays. We arrived at noon on a Sunday and found the place mostly empty.  We were seated in the main dining room, which is made up with vaulted ceilings to look like the inside of a Romanesque building in southern France.  We were seated side-by-side at a banquet table for four so that we could look out over the room while we ate.  Other couples who came in after us were seated in the same way.  It makes for a very intimate dining experience -- easy to talk to each other quietly, to hold hands under the table, and to look out at the beautiful room while we enjoyed our meal. We each chose the tasting menu.  I started with tuna sashimi, which was delectable, and my wife had the porcini flan.  As good as my tuna was, my wife won that round, as the porcini flan was incredible. Next, I had grilled rouget and my wife had skate.  Both wonderful.  A draw. For the main course, I had the "striploin" steak, medium rare and my wife had the duckling.  The steak was done perfectly, two morsels of beef upon a puree of fingerling potatoes.  But, once again my wife had the better of me with the succulent duckling. The fourth course was a berry sorbet, which we both agreed was about the best sorbet we'd ever had. The last and final course was dessert, and we both had the chocolate souffle.  This was served with three kinds of ice cream -- chocolate, vanilla and maple -- which perfectly complemented the hot souffle.  We also had coffees, which came with chocolates and cookies. Were this not enough, there had been some delay between the first and second courses, and although we never said anything about it, we were given a complimentary creme brulee along with our desserts.  We really appreciated the gesture, which was very classy considering that we never complained, and they never said why they were giving us the extra dessert -- but all sides knew exactly what was going on.  I am a big creme brulee fan, and this was the best creme brulee I had ever had -- delicately crispy crust and a not-too-sweet custard inside. Finally, when we left, the hostess gave us each a lemon loaf from Bouley Bakery.  Another nice touch. Over all, the food and the service was terrific.  The staff was attentive and friendly, the food was great, the decor was beautiful, and the entire experience made our first date away from the baby a memorable one.
