I've walked by this awesome-looking place every day since moving to Crown Heights.  A Brisket House?  That sounds pretty awesome, I thought. So finally, last night after convincing myself to not get a chicken sandwich from Crown Fried Hell-Hole, I go in.   I do my usual new-to-this-place-in-an-ethnic-neighborhood-where-­everyone-else-obviously-knows-what-they're-doing-­fake-looking-around for about three minutes.  I pretend to look at the sandwich board, and look around the place, pretending to notice tables and chairs, did the check my cell phone trick. I usually don't get so into it, but I'd just come from Ali's Roti Shop on Fulton for the first time and had decided not to get anything in there because I had no idea where the line was and it was really busy and the owners and customers were all screaming to each other jovially and I didn't know how to pronounce pholourie or aloo pie anyway, and I just figured, another day.  Like I said, I'm new to the neighborhood.   So I'm fake looking around David's, like I said, and the owner says to me, "The good stuff's over here" and motions further down the line.  I realize I'd been staring at a container of American cheese like it was my long-lost brother or something and look to where he's pointing. He wasn't effing kidding.  There was some damn good-looking brisket. "You want to try the brisket, or the pastrami, or the corned beef? We make them all every day, fresh, like Katz's and them do."   I opted to try a slice of the brisket and it was everything I hoped it would be.  I ordered a brisket sandwich and then relaxed into actual looking around.   It's clearly a take-out place, but they have some tables and chairs, and they deliver.  They're open 7 - 7 every day of the week.  It's a deli with all the usual stuff - sandwiches, burgers, breakfast in the morning and of course, those awesome jew meats. The sandwhich I got ran me $8, but it was huge.  Next time I'm getting a platter, which is $10, because I prefer my brisket not betweixt bread but upon a plate, which various juicy morsels next to it.  This place offers soul food as sides, and I have to say, the mac-n-cheese looked really, really good.
