I recently went to this establishment for a friends' 30th surprise birthday dinner.  Upon initial walk-through, the ambiance and visuals are very classy and pleasing.  The red hues and modern, new age interior is great and lends itself to that 'fancy' feel.  I will say that, at times, it is almost too dark in there; as you have to really look in order to not trip up on stairs and ramps. The wait staff was very accommodating and did their best to help us with the surprise aspect of the dinner.  Regarding service, it was absolutely top notch!  My water was never empty and a waiter came around frequently to check on that and to see what else we needed (but not too much where it was annoying).  Also, when you got up to use the restroom, chances are you'd come back to find your napkin re-folded and next to your plate.  Everyone was polite and helpful. The planner of our dinner set it up months ahead of time and chose a family style prix fixe set-up.  I believe we had 3-4 items passed around as appetizer and then another 4-5 items passed around after that as main course.  All food selections were awesome, offering fabulous flavor combinations that were spot on!   The chicken and ginger dumplings were phenomenal.  Also, the Tuna Pizza was out of this world and quite an original dish.  It was thin sliced tuna spread over flatbread topped with spicy aioli, pickled jalapenos, and ponzu sauce. Another highlight for me was the wasabi mashed potatoes.  Again, unlike anything I've had before.  Every single thing was great.  The shrimp and scallop dishes were fresh and nicely conceptualized. The beer selection could have used some more selection but I was thrilled to see Dog Fish Head 60 Min. IPA for $5.50.  Other than that the beer list was very basic including Amstel Light, Yuengling, Stella, etc.  I'm sure there are some local micro breweries that could be offered to satisfy the more discerning beer drinker. Finally, the deserts were unbelievable!  I'm usually not a  huge fan of desert as, for some reason, most establishments simply don't worry too much about the quality of desert.  Here, it was obvious that all items were top-notch, made with the finest ingredients.  The carrot cake was amazing as was the carmel tarte!  Some of the best desert I've ever had.   The Buddakan is highly recommended for dinner for any special occasion or celebration.  You will not be disappointed.
