I suppose its hard to find a good Thai place in NJ, but I have experienced better and have a few issues with this place. We started with the steamed shrimp, chilli thai spices appetizer.  This was undercooked.  My friend is unfortunately allergic to undercooked shrimp which then caused her throat to swell up a little...Being the good asians that we are, we didn't bother asking them to recook this as it didnt taste that great to me anyway. We also ordered the green curry with beef.  The beef was overcooked and a bit chewy and the eggplant was not that fresh.  There was not much of stuff in the dish aside from the overcooked meat, not many veggies. The drunken noodles were delicious.  I would be tempted to come back here for that alone.  as takeout of course... Aside from the food, service was alright but kinda weird.  I asked the dude if we could get the noodles unspicy, hes like NO, and promptly showed me the spice level thing they got in their menu.  And we just got the lowest level which is essentially non spicy anyway... Moving on, we ordered the Jasmine tea, which was 2.50 and is essentially a teapot with a teabag in it.  They would not refill it... why?Its just hot water, you fill up cold water glasses but cant put some mo hot water in?  What a waste of a teabag.  Could be wrong here, as perhaps they didn't know our teapot was empty...if thats so, this is an issue with service as we had the thing with the lid off for the entire meal. For 2.00 you get a tiny bowl of rice, this drives me nuts when restaurants do this.   Why?  Rice is so cheap it cost them 10 cents for the amount you get.  For places that serve very spicy food it always gets me that they won't give you more rice to cut some of that heat.  Why do places have to be so cheap on this, you do not save much.   Decour?  It was maaaad dark in there, so unforunately pics could not be taken of the food.  The pics on the website do not match what you get btw... I can only recommend the drunken noodles from what i experienced.  And would only get it for takeout.  Meh.
