Ooooh Mommy. So I tried to go on a thurs night at 8:30 and it was a three hour wait. So I ended up going the very next day for lunch around 2pm and I only waited an hour. The great thing they do is the text message alert of your table which is awesome so you could dick around outside. You could also go on their website and see how many people are ahead of you, technology is such a beautiful thing!   The food: The Original and Truffle Burger- I shared a Original and Truffle Burger, both were good solid burgers. I felt the bread was a little sweet for me, it was a Portuguese style bread while soft and pillowy, took away from the burger, I also felt the med rare burger was slightly lacking in flavor as well. I think both burgers were a little too similar just one having a slight truffle kick. I think they were homemade condiments, I guess, were to try to help the flavor of the pattie but came short. yelp.com/user_local_phot… yelp.com/user_local_phot… Tots and truffle fries- The tots were nice, kinda like hash browns with cheese, breaded and fried. I would get them again. The fries had a truffle cheese sauce and it was underwhelming. I am a complete truffle slut and I could pass. The cheese sauce almost wasn't there, but you could see it. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Five Spice Duck Burger- house ground duck, peach apple chutney, Chinese 5 spice, Madagascar pepper, topped with crispy duck skin & garlic aioli on a bed of caramelized fennel. I was really excited to try this since it's an exclusive burger to this location and it usually sells out pretty quick. I thought the burger was just OK, I thought the texture of the duck was off, it kinda had a weird texture. I also thought the peach apple chutney was too sweet and overpowering as was the Chinese 5 spice, which had a deep flavor throughout the burger. The crispy duck skin was a nice addition, it reminded me of pork chicarron but the duck skin was kinda too salty. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Smushed Potatoes- double fried creamer potatoes, roasted garlic aioli. The potato itself was OK, not a lot of flavor. The aioli was nice though. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Goodwich- Choc Chip cookie, vanilla IC, choco drizzle. I thought the one I had at Smorgasburg was better but this one was decent. The cookie was nice and the ice cream worked well but the sandwich was a tad too salty. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Shake Shack is still the bench mark for me.
