Caracas is fabulous and it really annoys me when people are rude to the staff there. They bust their asses, turning over about a hundred tables in one pretty busy night. Their food and drinks are phenomenal, and it is, by far, my favorite casual restaurant. Here's a little story I told a while back of why customers suck: The Boy and I decided to go to Caracas before heading to our favorite bar, Duff's. We chose the one closest to my home, which also had more seating space. Still, the restaurant was crowded and busy (this is to be expected almost every hour the place is open, nothing new). We get a seat outside and are enjoying giving each other goo-goo eyes and drinking delicious drinks and waiting on our food. We were sat by a wonderful host and had our orders (we got a variety platter of their three top-selling arepas and a side of maduros with salty cheese, but I can't remember what that dish was called) taken by a busy, but super-kind and lovely waitress. She was the waitress for an entire row of tables in the patio, including the table next to us. Next to us were sat three ladies in their mid-20s. Now, remember, this space is a bit cramped, so we could hear every word of their conversations, which totally killed the "yay, we're happy and giggly and in love" mood. First bit: these ladies decided it was appropriate to bitch and complain about people they know literally four feet away from other customers, using very vulgar language and just general snottiness. My boyfriend and I happened to be those other customers. Which was... well, off-putting, but that doesn't make them sucky customers, more like sucky people you have to deal with. What makes them sucky customers is this: When the waitress brought their check over (now, note, this was a BUSY restaurant on a Friday night), the ladies started discussing the check's total. They had two mixed drinks each, totaling six drinks. Caracas had a special where you can add rum to any of their fruit juices for $3, the juices costing $3.75. That would be a total of $40.50. Their check came up to a little over $60. Okay, yes, that is definitely a problem. A problem I would have addressed by pointing it out to my server in a kind manner - this is, after all a busy restaurant on a Friday night, things happen. They did not point this out kindly to the waitress. Instead, they threw a huge hissy fit. When the waitress broke it down for them and realized there was an error, they got all snotty with her, as if she was telling them to suck it up and pay the $20 more. One girl said "Uh, well, I think you need to go FIX it then" and another replied with "yeah, you go do that!" or something to that effect. When she left, the girls all of a sudden started bitching about her, again, with us sitting right next to them. "DAMN, I AM GOING TO PUNCH SOMEONE TODAY" "THIS IS WHY PEOPLE TURN GHETTO, F'REAL!" (I do not exaggerate, this was a real quote. Way to be graceful, ladies!) And other general nonsense. I wanted to punch THEM for ruining the mood of my dinner and treating such a lovely waitress like a piece of dirt. Eventually, the manager comes back and explains there is an error on the computer because this was a new special they were running. He apologizes profusely. Again, when the manager leaves, they continue their ranting. It got fixed, you weren't overcharged in the end, it caused a SLIGHT inconvenience, shut the hell up. The moral of the story? Don't be rude to your waitress. Especially on a Friday night when it's slam packed and people have to sit next to you, trying to enjoy their meal. BECAUSE IT MAKES YOU SUCK A LOT Plus, arepas are just delicious. Load up on that sauce, por favor.
