The Dream It was a stunning Saturday morning in Philly, the sun bright, the air brisk....... and all I could think of was a warming bowl of soup.   Having dined at Morimoto for the first time a few days ago my trip to Philly for work and dine was off to an amazing gustatory high.  Then,  re-visiting one of my favorite steakhouses added to the elation. I'm beautifully sated and now, I wanted to warm my engines to the tune of something liquid,  hot, and in a bowl.   Nothing else.  All I could think of was the Yelpeviews of Nan Zhou.   And honestly, I was prepared for a letdown before walking into NZ.  The rave reviews made my mind go south (it's the Rule Breaker in me).   But my Yelp conscience did a double-take,  smacked me into thinking so many Yelpers can't be wrong.  So off I went.   I walked in and found le restaurant packed and as soon as I queued in, 500 people followed behind me.  Score! The Reality Because I was dining solo, I was offered a spot on a communal table.  There were two things I wanted to try here:  the beef brisket soup and the peanut sauce noodles (reviewed by Yelper Jordan).  MMmmmmmm.  Hand-drawn pasta, there's nothin' sexier.  My mind and palate were tingly from being prepped by the Yelpeviews.  I ordered the beef brisket soup.  When it came I saw peeking through the soup was lots of Chinese celery and immediately,  my palate went to fifth gear  Restaurants rarely use this herb which to me changes the flavor profile of any soup, dry or not.  And  dear Yelp almighty, my palate soon was treated to silky, soft, firm noodles, so perfectly soft you'd think they'd break or fall apart.  They didnt, unless you cut them with your teeth.  I can't say I have experienced this before, even with the dearth of amazing Chinese options in the SGV and SoCal.  I've never had Chinese noodles so oozy soft and tender but held together no matter how high you picked them up with your chopsticks.   The brisket was so well made, it didn't fall apart as I expected but it was tender.  Four around $6, the beef brisket portion was really generous.   The texture of the tender firm brisket contrasted to the soft pillowy noodles gave my mind a solid ahhhhhhhhh moment.   Finally the broth was layered with generous Chinese celery which to me, sealed and completed the dish.   The Letdown The soup was quite delicious but  I expected more.  It didn't have the hours if not days worth of development.  I dont think they used enough bone marrow or soup bones to add the layer of umami  I craved.  The dish would have been perfect but still, very very good.  Some might argue, you're not dining at Morimoto cut them some slack.  I beg to differ.   If the soup were made with hours of care and development, it would have been perfect whether it's $6, $60 or $600 a bowl.   Reality Check. My experience with the famed beef brisket noodles soup dish was solid:   my senses and palate were so sensually excited I almost Yelped right there.... But Nah, "I got class!"   My neighbor, sporting a Japanese passport,  ordered the same dish.  He slurped his noodles in true Japanese style and literally finished in 2 1/2 flat.  Not  a drop of broth was left on the bowl.  He walked off into the brisk morning with  a half smile, wiping the sweat from his neck.  My neighbor couple on the other side  perplexed me.  They too ordered the same soup.  They were slurping their noodles in complete slowmo as though they were slurping each bite frame by frame.  In hindsight, I read someplace this is another, if not correct way of eating  hand drawn noodles in soup:  the broth and noodles are savored slowly.  They walked off into the morning as though this meal was a part of their ritual. I finished my soup,  my soul warmed and umamied, I walked off into the sunny morning lovin' simplicity in a bowl of soup. There's nothing like a gorgeous sunny brisk day in Philly to get your Nan Zhou ON! Visits: 1  (more to follow)
