Got here before my friend so decided to sit at the bar. Pretty affordable HH selection. I love cocktails and at $7 a pop, I was in heaven. The ambience to start was trendy to start but their lounge exuded quite a bit of intimacy with its plush banquettes for a nice start to a date or group chat-up with gf's/gay husbands. As soon as my friend arrived, we were quickly shown to our seats. The dining area consists of what I think is the uber sexy main room with its wood encased ceiling and the "back area" where smaller parties are corralled with its white tablecloths yet minimalistic design scheme. I suppose I'm a tad bitter over missing out on the main dining room but after trying the food, I wouldn't have cared if I was served out back by the dumpster. The menu was divided by mezze options and mains. Typical middle eastern/Mediterranean fare with new twists, we decided to sample the falafel and the beef kibbe (I think) as appetizers and for our mains, I went with the lamb kebab served over fennel and eggplant and my friend opted for the branzino a la plancha.  We split a side of roasted potatoes between us. The wait was minimal and boy were we surprised to find the traditional round falafel to take on a cubed shape. Delicious!  Crisp on the outside, light and moist on the inside. The kibbe was sort of a beef and barley fritter that was equally amazeballs!  My friend's fish was cooked really well with a crisp skin with a sauce that was both sweet and tart. My lamb kebab I must admit was just okay. Although I asked for well the dish came out medium and was not in the least bit tender. The flavor was spot on and because I was still googly eyes over our apps, I let this entree slide. For dessert we had the labne cheesecake which was served with a strawberry-rose water sorbet, pickled rhubarb, some weird jelly bits. I personally don't like fruit mixed with pastries and cheesecake is not on my top list but it was generally good. My friend, the birthday boy, loved it so it didn't detract from my overall dinner and I was fine eating cheesecake made from yogurt (weird!). All in all, if I were to come back I'd go a little more wild with the mezze options and avoid the mains. I loved the twists on traditional Lebanese food and was happy to share it with good company. Would definitely come again and perhaps attempt nabbing a seat in the main room!
