If it wasn't for Food Network's The Best Thing I've Ever Ate, I wouldn't have tried Osteria, not because I don't like Italian Food or I "don't like to try new things", but the location of Osteria is in a section of town with little else around. The section of Broad Street immediately north of City Hall seemed a bit ran down and deserted, it's a blank space between the more vibrant Chinatown and Art Museum areas. It's my very first time there and the first issue I encounter is parking, there's no sign telling whether the adjacent condo parking is also used for the restaurant, so me and my friend drove around the area looking for a spot in the already high saturated area with the auto repair shop, the church and the school. But once we found a spot and walked the three blocks, circulating the building looking for the entrance, Osteria turned out to be quite the promising place. Osteria is only opened for lunch on Thursday and Friday and we picked a glorious day to visit. At first we were seated inside, but after a while I made a troublesome request to change into the cocooned outside area and got my wish pleasantly granted. The interior design is decidedly going for a slightly industrial rustic route, I especially like the wall composed with wood wine boxes. Between the two of us, we split an order of Lombarda and the Yelp-reviewers recommended Chicken Liver Rigatoni. Originally, I had my heart set on another reviewer recommended choice which is the Pig's Head Pizza, but the waiter informed me that it was seasonal. The Lombarda turned out pretty good, I have longed to try a pizza with an egg in the middle, but was naive enough to think I can create such a thing at home. I didn't know that my standard oven can't compete with a brick fire oven. I'm a big fan of raw egg yolk with bread. The crust was thin and crunchy, the Bitto cheese gave it a certain bite (pun unintended), and the Cotechino sausage is slightly sweet with the egg to smooth it all out. Not quite the best thing I've ever ate, but it was generally pleasant. The chicken liver rigatoni was great. Al dente rigatoni in bits of liver sweetened by melted cipolline onions. The sauteed liver is soft and melts in your mouth. The pasta absorbed the flavor of the combination as well as sage and cheese turns it into one luscious dish. The price is a bit on the higher end, but with superb service and comfortable space, I'm looking forward to find an excuse to come back and try the other pastas and the antipasti.
