The Continental Midtown has a funky decor conducive to lively drinks and a snack, but that's where the fun ends. Hanging chairs on the second floor and sumptuous booths downstairs sit among lively music and unique lighting. The fare is global tapas, but the food is second-rate. The Continental Midtown is ideal for a few drinks and a snack, but don't expect quality eats here. My latest visit included 5 of us sharing a variety of dishes. The Kofta was bland and dry. The French Onion Soup dumplings were tasty, if difficult to eat. Some in our party couldn't stand the smell of the dumplings-probably the strong cheese. The Szechuan Shoestring Fries were fun and came in a towering mound, but they were messy and difficult to eat. Shoestring means threads in this case. The Scallops were one of the better dishes, nestled in a lively sauce and topped with bits of cilantro. The Lobster Mashed Potatoes were ok, if a bit pedestrian. The Korean BBQ Pork Tacos were decent with nice kick of spice. The Thai Chicken Lettuce wraps were passable, but they could have used more chicken and a bit more lettuce for wrapping. The Rad Na Thai Chicken had gloppy noodles dumped over romaine lettuce, and it lacked any substantive flavor. It was a big bowl of ugh. The Cheesesteak Spring Rolls were decent, and it was a large enough serving to accommodate several people easily. The food was average at best, but mainly it was subpar, food that would be better prepared if it were a frozen meal. Overall, dishes were served with utensils ill suited for dishing up or sharing, a serious flaw for a tapas restaurant. The cocktails were fun, flirty, and tasty, served in mini martini glasses with a personal cocktail shaker for adding more. The Melon Drop was a hit. The service was efficient and friendly. The layout of the restaurant led to a packed hostess stand and made it difficult for guests to enter and leave gracefully. Plus, our booth was right by the stand. That meant that we had guests' backsides by our booth for much of the evening. Definitely not fun. Thankfully, other Stephen Starr restaurants have a bit more to offer. This one is for drinks and snacks only, not date night fare.
