I had really high hopes for this restaurant, but unfortunately it wasn't up to par. Little Owl is a cute place; small and cramped, but it wouldn't be a hidden gem if it wasn't. I called two days ahead to make reservations for a party of 4 and was told they were already booked for that night (a wednesday) but i could try getting a walk-in table if I came by early to leave my number. I walked in with my sister at around 6:45 and the Host was so nice! He told us that a big table was currently paying their bill and the next reservation for that table is 8:30 so he jokingly said that he would give us the table if we ate fast! A hour and a half is more than enough time to eat for the party I was dinning with. (Including the time it took for the food to be brought to our table, it took us about a hour to finish!) Now the reason I say this restaurant wasn't up to par is because my expecations were not met. The four of us ordered different things, I ordered the pork chop that includes butter beans, and although it was good, I was not a fan of the beans. Maybe it's the asian side of me speaking, but I would have preferred some sort of carbs like rice haha. Unfortunately I was the only one out of my group who enjoyed the food. My sister ordered the NY Strip Steak and was disappointed, my cousin ordered the lamb chops and the presentation was meh and it was too gamey for my taste, and my other cousin ordered the monk fish with spinach risotto, a special for that day, and in my opinion, the worst of all. The fish itself was lackluster and the risotto was undercooked and watery! When she was done, there was a huge pool of green water at the bottom of her plate. The next day she shot me a text saying how she was disgusted because the fish was hideous! (Search up monk fish and you wouldn't want to go near it, let alone eat it!) I'm giving Little Owl 3 stars because of the fries that we made an appetizer was delicious and the service was great! The pork chop is a must have if you decide to give this place a try!
