When in Montclair, more specifically Upper Montclair (the section of town divided by a separate zip code north of Watchung Avenue) the locals will tell you one place you need to try is Tinga Taqueria. Like 99% of restaurants in Montclair, this establishment is BYOB or as the sign says: BYOT (Bring Your Own Tequila). This is certainly both a financial and gastronomical advantage as YOU get to enjoy great margaritas with your tequila of choice on the cheap! Before composing a thorough review, I wanted to get a sense of food and service quality. Prior to encountering the food, the ambiance is definitely reminiscent of a taco stand with turmeric-yellow walls and aged wooden boards. While the room seemed small on the verge of being cramped, there is a next-door dining room to accommodate an overflow of guests. This does not seem logical, as it would help the general flow to blow out the wall separating the two rooms. Authentic and inviting atmosphere aside, the service is fast paced and straight to the point. As you're seated a basket of freshly-made tortilla chips with salsa (I think pre-made/jarred based on consistency) greets you. Upon looking at the menu (supplemental card for lunch) which seemed to be a real eye-full (see Tinga's website; the menus are PDF downloads), there were some very appetizing choices. From what I've heard from fellow patrons, the go-to meal would be the fish tacos: warm, cooked perfectly and accompanied by standard garnishes. As expected, they were good and I do recommend them. On a separate occasion I had lunch where I ordered the 'Mexican Chicken Wrap'. This was 'blackened chicken' (although not blackened at all), tasty guacamole, tomato, lettuce and jack cheese (NOT pepper jack) all rolled in a flour tortilla and grilled. It was quite filling and again I recommend this, although ask for a heap of napkins beforehand...it's messy! To summarize, I do recommend this restaurant for good eats and a good time in a great location. There's definitely room for improvement when it comes to general attitude of the servers as well as not skimping when it comes to authenticity. I'll be back though and hope to see you there.
