Being Korean, I wasn't sure what to expect when I walked in. All the dishes were beautifully plated and very creative. (sorry I say this over and over throughout my review, but they really were!) I see a lot of the reviews saying that this place is not Korean cuisine, but I definitely feel the opposite. To me, most of the dishes felt like traditional Korean dishes with a twist. We got the octopus with ssamjang aioli, uni with korean seaweed rice, steak yookhwe bibimbop, black cod with soy-pepper marinade, and duck (which I no longer see on the menu) My least fav item was the duck. Favorite was the uni with korean seaweed rice. Delicious and all the flavors came together beautifully. Uni was fresh and just the right amount of buttery softness-- it complemented the other flavors without being overpowering. I also loved the amuse they brought out pre-meal. Well-plated and very tasty. Everything on there was good. It had korean snack foods (ddukgochi, puffed rice, etc) and was a teaser of the food that was coming. A great little sneak peek. For dessert, we tried the green tea cremeux, strawberry cremeux, and plum. Presentation-wise, the deconstructed, bingsu style greentea was my fav. So pretty but it was difficult to get all the flavors in one bite. Taste wise, my fav was the strawberry. Funky flavors (spinach sponge cake) that came together well- refreshing and light. a great way to end the meal. The plum was a bit too strong for my tastes. Also, I'm not a fan of mousse in general. Overall great food quality and great wine list. I really love that they have a variety of half bottles. perfect for sharing or drinking by yourself-- haha. Decor was understated, but very elegant. The central orbed lights gave the place a nice glow so that you could see the food and appreciate its aesthetics without it being overly bright or harshly lit. Pretty pricey, I think our total came out to ~$300 for two people. (5 menu items, 3 desserts, half bottle of cab) -- I eat a lot! Beautiful food presentation. Great Service.
