Despite my penchant for tiaras and long gloves, I'm not exactly known for being very fancy. Maybe it's the grad student budget, or the grad student hours, but a night out to a classy joint like FDR is a rare and delightful treat. That being said, it was also an unexpected one. So unexpected that my lady date and I hadn't made reservations. But we figured we'd wing it since I live so close I can get my home wifi in some parts of the restaurant. A little over an hour after we'd chimed our name in (and strolled over to Twenty Manning Grill for a beverage or two), we received a call notifying us our table would be ready in ten. Perfect timing as we sipped the last drops of our drinks and strolled back down Spruce. As we waited for the table to be cleaned, we schmoozed with the front of house staff and chefs, each friendlier than the last. Good to know I have quality neighbors. Moments later, coats hung in the back, we were ushered to a corner table right by the window. I couldn't have chosen a better location for our first dining experience. While we weren't lucky enough to get any complimentary sparkling wine, we were treated to some other pre-dinner bits of tasty. Two tiny, savory dough puffs (I have zero idea what they were) and THEN these HEAVENLY rolls with this creamy butter topped with some sort of exotic rock salt. As our waitress said (and I agreed), "I could just sit here with this bread and butter all night." Decadent, and all this before dinner! Since I wasn't starving and wanted to try multiple flavors, I decided to order two appetizers while my partner, a card-carrying vegetarian, went with the roasted and pickled beets and mushroom and eggplant ragu. (Her words: "deeeeeeeelish". She asked that I quote her.) My order: Butter-Poached Caraquette Oysters with brioche croutons, parsley puree, chowder of fennel + celery AND the Jerusalem Artichoke Soup with chestnut, lobster, carrot.   Our food took no time and almost before we finished our bread and butter, we were served our first courses. The oysters were complemented beautifully by the croutons, and it was just a dreamy, rich chowder that made it hard to stop eating. And so I didn't. But then, the Cinderella story of the night, the artichoke soup. I'll lead by saying I am NOT a soup lady. No love is lost between soup and I, and we normally don't get along. Well, I feel as though I need to reevaluate everything I once held dear in my thoughts on soup. It was creamy, yet light. Flavorful, with the lobster chunks offering a delicate accent to the whole party that was going on in my mouth. We'd eaten slowly, savoring every bite, and found ourselves 2 of the last 4 patrons in the establishment. This allowed for a nice repartee with some more of the servers and cooks as our coats were retrieved. The absolute best part of this meal for me was knowing that I only had to take about 12 steps before falling onto my bed, blissed out on FDRs offerings. I'll dream of that soup, and sleep easy knowing it's just down the street.
