I would like to say that I had a nice experience at Ralph's "restaurant" for my Mother's repass, but unfortunately I did not.  If I could give ZERO stars I would.  I will start by saying that the head server was not qualified to handle an event of this size.  In addition to openly mocking her bus staff with racists epithets, she was rude and ill informed.  Prior to the repass, I dealt with the reastaurant's party booker over the phone who told me that she understood that guaranteeing a number for an event like a repass was pretty much impossible.  I asked her pointedly if I would be charged if I did not get the number right and she said no.   The night of my Mother's wake, I stopped at the restaurant to adjust the number and reiterated that I could not give an exact value just a range (my range was 40-50 guests including kids).  The day of the repass, the restaurant was set for at least 60.  This made the layout awkward and crowded with chairs we did not need.  My final number was 34 adults and 4 kids.  I was presented with a bill for 50 adults and 4 kids.  Almost a 50% markup from my actual number.  When I disputed this the server told me that since I had said 50, they had cooked for 50 and I had to be charge me this amount.  I was already overwhelmed with grief and was then forced to squabble with the server.  She kept bringing me into the dishwashing room (how professional!) to "discuss" the bill and their policies, which were the opposite of what I had been told.  I was told by the booker and then the restaurant manager that there was nothing they could do for me.  I ended up paying the whole amount simply because I did not have the energy to argue with any more of their inept staff.   Ralph's succeeded in making the worst day of my life, even worse. I will tell every single person I know about this awful experience.  As for the food, its standard Italian.  Nothing fancy or creative.  The pizza at Ritacco's (also in Nutley) is better as is the service.  Do not book a party here or eat at the restaurant unless you enjoy being overchared and treated unprofessionally.  AVOID!
