I wanted to come to this place because I was intrigued by its menu, which offered items like octopus pizza, fried pig tails, snails, chicken liver, and rabbit... Not too unusual in fine dining, but definitely not things that are commonly found at the grocery store, nor easily made at home. The food descriptions showed very interesting blends of flavors that I just had to try. I started off my meal with a sizzling Lombarda pizza and a Sicilian lemonade. I had intended to try baked egg pizza for some time and I was not disappointed. The slightly charred crust was thin and flavorful, though a bit over-baked around some edges, and the toppings were well-balanced and delicious. However, the Sicilian lemonade tasted like water and considering the price ($9 for a small glass) I should have ordered wine instead. The pasta items here are entirely house-made, and I am a big fan of fresh pasta. I had Robiola Francobolli (stamp-shaped ravioli with royal trumpet mushrooms and thyme in a light, flavorful sauce) and my boyfriend had Fettucine with rabbit and morels. Both dishes were very good. The dessert I had was a disappointment. I'm used to flan that is a uniformly smooth, creamy custard firm enough to stand on its own, served cold with caramel syrup, and I had imagined that the chocolate "flan" would be a chocolate version of this, but instead, for $10, I was given a small hot pastry that was more like chocolate molten cake, except very dry on the outside and dough-y on the inside. However, the scoop of pistachio gelato that came with it and my boyfriend's blueberry sorbet were amazing!   The service here was good and the staff was friendly. We had a reservation and were seated immediately. The server had warned us that portion sizes were small, but I thought they were reasonable, as I came out full, but not stuffed after 3 courses. The check was a little steep given the quantity ($120 dinner for two), but it's not too surprising for a fine dining restaurant in a major city. If it hadn't been for the dessert and drink, I'd have given this experience 5 stars.
