This is my second review of this restaurant, and the rating went up two stars.  I know I said last time that I wasn't coming back, but on a rainy night I gave it a go. The had two special apps which we tried: Kobe wrapped in grape leaves with some kind of lemon/citrus hoison dipping sauce that was so good I actually drank the remainder.  The other was a shrimp bisque with shrimp ravioli.  The ravi's were almost like fried dumplings and they were really delicious.  The soup was tasty but did have a mild to moderate fishy taste.  I would recommend it anyway as it came together well!  We shared the ribeye for two.  It came with two sides: a mashed potato with truffle oil and a corn/green bean/heirloom tomato which were both strong accoutrement.  The ribeye was a bit fatty as to be expected.  They got the right sear on the outside pieces with some salt and achieved a bold flavor.  Some of the pieces did lack this prep which was unfortunate. They had a flourless chocolate cake as part of the tasting menu which they were able to serve off menu for dessert which was delicious.  It had a homemade caramel sauce garnish which complemented it perfectly.  They have moved up a notch (well two actually.)  Maybe third time is a charm. I have included my previous post in case they remove it when I rewrite my review: (5/14/11) Sorry neighborhood, this place is just average and way overpriced.  They boast 50 wines under 50 bucks, but they are all 5 (yes that's right, $5) to 15 buck wines that are marked up 5-8 times the price.  I know they are trying to make money, but that is on the verge of robbery. The apps: goat cheese mousse, but they forgot the mousse part... it was just a ramekin of goat cheese.  The beets which accompanied it were good.  There was a special app which was corn and crab fritters.  This was indeed tasty, but a bit shy on crab meat. what next?  Veil was actually fairly good quality but the sauce was more appropriate for a pork tenderloin, a bit too sweet.  Onion rings? ok.  mash was fine.   Grilled hanger steak: cooked right but BLAND is the best word I can find.  My poor kidneys are working overdrive to deal with all the salt on this dish.  Spinach was ok but salty too.  The cauliflower mash was a nice touch. All in, I found the chef has good ideas but poor ingredients and limited spices. The peanut butter bombe was rich and savory but underwhelming.  They say "with caramelized bananas..."  Yes, plural.  You know how many bananas I got?  one mini banana slice that was about 1/2 inch thick. mmm that was just what I had in mind. I'm afraid this wasn't my first time at Meritage, but it was my LAST
