I would have been more than happy to give this restaurant 5 stars if it wasn't for the awkward seating. I would have preferred to actually wait longer for seats to open up if it meant I wouldn't have to smack elbows with strangers while eating. Other than that, my experience here was absolutely perfect. This, I was told, is the most casual of the Momofuku group because reservations are not required and it's casual. That leads me to believe the other restaurants may require reservations as well as a dress code. Being the casual spot that it is, it does tend to get very busy so expect to wait a while to get seated. Fortunately for us, it was some sort of magic hour and we were seated right away. There were still quite a few seats at the bar as well as some tables for larger parties of 4-6. We came here on a Monday around 7pm. The service here was on point. Our waiter was very informative and more than happy to give us tips and suggestions on what to order. He asked us if it was our first time here and when we said "yes" he walked us through the menu. If it weren't for his help, we would have most likely ordered and spent more than we had wanted to. As a party of 3 we ordered 4 items on the left side of the menu (small bite appetizers) and 1 main entree on the right side of the menu. Out of the appetizers, the corvina and green apple kimchi were my ABSOLUTE favorites. The other two were the steamed pork buns and a bbq pork bun which were both delicious as well. Our main entree was the lamb which was rich and full of flavor. All of the different cuts melted my mouth and I savored every last bite. The 3 of us were more than impressed with all of the food we ate there and even more so on the bill. The 4 appetizers + 1 main entree (we only drank water) came to about $30 per person (this total includes tip). I was expecting to spend about $60 just on myself so it was a nice surprise. My experience at Momofuku definitely lived up to all of the hype I kept hearing about it and I'm very glad it did and that I was able to experience it. Believe the  HYPE! Going to any Momofuku restaurant is a MUST when visiting New York City.
