Probably the biggest mistake was going there on a Tuesday, their "Half-Price Tapas until 8pm" night. My husband and I casually arrived by 7:45 and got neglected by the grumpy, elderly host for a good 10 minutes. He finally greeted us, put my name down, said that it would take 20 minutes and so we got a drink from the bar. There, the bartender wanted to see our IDs! In a restaurant! I am visibly well over 21 and we should have left by that already. (I don't mind bars checking IDs but a restaurant? C'mon people!) By the time my husband paid the drinks it was exactly 8:00pm and the bartender "couldn't" give us any Happy Hour prices anymore. I asked the host about it and he just shrugged and said something like "bad luck, come earlier next time", Another sign! We really should have left!  However, let me give that much credit to the place, the Sangria (although overpriced) tasted nicely, the music and the crowd were fun, and all together the place looked nice! After only 3 more minutes, we got seated near the bar, where 2 huge groups of people were already sitting. But okay... the place is popular! We ordered a pitcher of Sangria, with USD 27 in the menu, and 4 Tapas to share. The Sangria and 3 tapas arrived a minute later. The food was really, really good! We had a trio of Empanadas, Lobster Quesadillas and Mussels in a Tequila-Chorizo broth. These Mussels would actually bring me back to these place if it wasn't for all the other negative things that happened! The 4th dish never arrived and we had to discuss this with the waitress because the busboy shyly insisted he would have brought 4 instead of 3 tapas. In addition, the Sangria was not $26 but $37! They conveniently list the Happy Hour price everywhere but nowhere the real one. (Is this even LEGAL?!) Overall, this was a very unpleasant experience and I've never experienced something like this in New York before. I live here for almost 9 years now and I go out a lot, too much actually. Although their food seems to be really amazing, their customer service is not. Sad, really sad.
