The $36 lunch tasting menu was installed at Bouley shortly after Bouley Bakery and Bouley Market closed down due to low marginal profits, when David started re-working his whole gameplan. Rumors are he's concentrating his efforts on opening something where Secession and Danube once were, so I'm not sure if this 6-course lunch is just a means to rake in some income before the next big thing. At Bouley, the French-New American cuisine is clean, simple, and elegant. No gimmicky foams or liquified tarts. Which brings me to why the lunch tasting menu was a little disappointing: Most of the items were too simple. I would have taken 3 outstanding courses over 6 meh courses any day.  The chicken with black truffle gnocchi and a side of fingerling potato puree was so utterly straightforward that I was kind of suprised it was being served at such a highly-touted restaurant. I think I would have rated Bouley 4 stars had it not been for this boring piece of rubbery chicken (the duck, on the other hand, was much tastier). More items, in order from worst to best: the tuna, the flan, the skate. The big eye tuna sashimi was basically sliced fish over a lemon sauce. While the lemon terrine was very visible and flavorful underneath the sashimi, I'm not sure why the cucumber and radish were even emphasized on the menu as I barely knew they were there. I'd be interested to know if this is Pacific or Atlantic big eye tuna as I believe one or the other is very overfished. The porcini flan was a little salty, but the meaty pieces of crab were savory enough for you to want to keep digging your spoon back into the copper pot. And the skate was my lunch experience's saving grace. This is the only course where the dish seemed simple and unpretentious, but a few bites truly brought out the underlying complexity and thoughtfulness that went into preparing it. Really liked the granité and olive oil sorbet (again, well-calculated). This was, lastly, followed by a bombarding of chocolate in the chocolate frivolous, a delicious caramelized pear, and various petit fours. While dessert was freaking awesome, it was also kind of sad given that the high point of a meal here shouldn't be it's final note; I wanted to be wowed throughout the entire tasting menu. My date, also, barely mouthed a "omg WOW" save for the breads, the skate, and the dessert. A small note: The items on the Spring lunch tasting menu are almost identical to the Summer lunch tasting menu but for a few changes. Current website menus are incorrect. Maybe this review of an entire restaurant is a litte unfair as I only had the tasting menu at lunch, whereas the dinner tasting menu seems to be much more elaborate. My experience was okay and the service was very good.  $36 is great deal to draw people in, but, unfortunately, it should not be an excuse for average-level food at what should be a superior establishment.
