My review is solely based on Bistango's culinary merits and not because it specializes in GF food.  Even though one person out of our party of 6 had a GF issue, we still decided to start w. 2 GF pizzas.  We had the "rustica" which was a cheeseless pizza w. artichoke, olives, spinach and supposedly a roasted garlic tomato sauce.  No offense, absolute awful.  It was a salad on a pizza.  No flavor or texture contrast and completely under seasoned.  The other pizza was "polpette" which was meatballs, buffalo mozz, shaved parmigiano, and basil.  Mediocre at best because it was underseasoned.  But, I had to say I was not a fan of the GF crust because the pizza itself had a weird seemingly undercooked texture.   Not a good start so far but let's hope the entrees can redeem itself.  Originally slated to order the risotto di spinaci but 2 others did so I decided to go w. mezzi rigatoni alla ragu.  My pasta was cooked perfectly as was the short rib ragu but the whole plate was underseasoned again.  It stemmed from lack of salt in the pasta water as the rigatoni was a bit bland.  Then, I tried my friend's risotto and it did not live up to it's expectations.  Spinach risotto w. scallops, gorgonzola cheese and truffle butter sauce sounds great right?  Well, guess what?  Underseasoned again.  I understand chunks of gorgonzola was dabbed on the side to give it that saltiness to the dish but you still need to add some salt to the risotto.  The scallop itself, although cooked well was not prepared the way I expected.  A nice sear is fine but there was some sort of flour coating on it that gave it some mushy exterior texture. In addition, I tried my brother's Vitello; veal w. shitake and button mushrooms w. a cognac sauce.  We ended up sending it back because it was tough and rubbery.  But, the funniest thing was when we asked for a new one, the waitress insisted we order something else as if she knew there have been complaints in the past about their veal.  He ended getting the Maille which was a pork chop w. caramelized onion, hot cherry peppers in a balsamic reduction.  The pork chop was definitely overcooked but the caramelized onions w. the hot cherry peppers made up for it.  So good.  Oh yea, theme of the night, they can't even season mash potatoes.   Love the vibe, nice wait staff, really good GF velvet cake but food definitely not what my fellow reviewers hype it up to be.
