Took the 6 train to Borough Hall and wandered through Caroll Hills to get to Frankie's 457.   I wondered if it was the 457th Frankies that existed, or perhaps rather they used the house address as the name. 20 minute wait was decent and they had us sit out back by the bar.   The waiter then came up and asked if we wanted to sit inside or out and I had made the mistake of saying it didnt matter.....the seating was nice but it was cold!  I was surpirsed at the number of outdoor guests who were willing to sit through this.   Luckily I threw on another sweatshirt that I had and kept my hat on (even though its rude to eat dinner with your hat on, my momma says).   After looking through the chefs choice cheese and meat platter section I realize that my Italian cheese knowledge is limited!  I know gorgonzola, mozarella and provalone...but I didnt know Amalattea and Tallegio.  Chefs choice means the chef picks for you...he did pick Amalattea.   Chefs choice also included the sweet and spicey sopressata with a plate of nicely sauteed mushrooms but very bland brocolli which was more effective at presentation than taste. I ordered ravioli because I really wanted to try sweet potato stuffed ravioli...I am a big fan of sweet potatos in general.  It was served in a broth which is...the water where the ravioli is boiled in with a bit extra parmesane and cilantro.   Honestly it was average...the ravioli looked more like very thin asian dumplings.   The meatballs were tastey...and my mom, though she is Polish, cooks really good Italian meatballs with a veal, pork and beef combination and these were equivalent to hers. I realize after eating here, and not having seen an authentic Italian menu for some time (I dont go out to Italian restaurants often, and I havent been back to Italy in several years now) that I need to brush up on my cheese names and also Italian cuisine authenticity.  Is it possible that ravioli in a broth is the norm while our Americanized version tends to pour tomato sauce or cream over it?   I am still a relatively new yelper, and would like to better understand food preparation.  I dont consider myself a harsh critic, because I like being open minded, and negativism on my part to me means that I am not thinking outside the box enough.  However, I have been cooking my own meals for some years now, reading cookbooks, and understanding flavors and spices so I think I am a decent judge at this point.  I will look into this ravioli prep and hope to stop by a few more restaurants with  a thorough formaggio menu.
