Sadly, I have to leave a pretty negative review for Sweetwaters. My husband and I were up in Burlington on a summer Wednesday night, looking for something good for dinner. We were fairly sure we'd been to Sweetwaters years ago and decided to give it a shot. I remembered it as a place with a very Vermont-centered menu where I had dined and very much enjoyed a meal a few years back. We waited a while outside for a table, but with nowhere to wait, we just stood around in everyone's way, until we decided to tell the host that we were going next door to check out a shop and would be back. Otherwise, we were either blocking the flow of foot traffic or standing over people's tables. After about an hour wait, we were seated directly behind the host/bussing station. This would have been okay, but we were left with a view of all the dirty dishes and sadly, flies that kept coming over to investigate our table, not to mention the "private" conversations between the waitstaff as they stood basically at our table chatting and complaining with each other. Our waitress came over after a few minutes and took our entire order, though she had to keep referring to a list of beers inside her notepad and there were no ciders whatsoever available - odd when you consider that Green Mountain Beverage is a local company and the leading hard cider company in America. She also couldn't tell me if the Seasonal Crisp ("fresh fruit with a walnut crumb topping, served warm") was an apple crisp or not. After placing our order, we did not see our waitress again for almost 45 minutes. Actually, to be more accurate, we saw her - she walked by our table more than 10 times, ignoring us each time, despite our increasingly more obvious and then loud attempts to call to her. No water, no bread basket, no service. Someone else brought our drinks - a beer for my husband, a glass of wine for me - and that was it. We asked for glasses of water, which never came. Finally, our food arrived after 45 minutes - carried by someone else - and our waitress returned to ask how it was as she kept walking - clearly a perfunctory question without expecting an answer or request. Another 30 minutes went by before we could finally get her attention again, at which point we paid and left without ordering dessert. We asked to speak to a manager, but the person who addressed our concerns made no attempt at resolving anything, just scolded us for not speaking up sooner (we didn't want to end up with WORSE service!) or for asking to change tables (we waited an hour for the worst table in the place). Worse than the bad service, though, was the completely generic food. My pasta dish (Garlic Chicken Penne) was bland and overcooked. My husband's meal (BBQ Meatloaf and Cowboy Onions) was no more than a giant mushy meatball coated with barbecue sauce. Gone was the Vermont-centered menu I remembered and in its place, a bland and boring menu that you'd find at a chain restaurant. Seriously... Tiki Island Wonton Shrimp? I will not return again - sadly, the restaurant I remembered must be long gone.
