I like to think of myself as something of a Becco aficionado: boyfriend and I have eaten here at least 10 times over the past couple years.  Every time, we have ordered the exact same thing: the all you can eat pasta special.   Little touches make a big difference to me, and very strongly affect the way I feel about my dining experience.  One of the things that I always notice is the quality of the bread a restaurant serves before the meal.  Stale, burnt, or dry offerings don't necessarily ruin my dinner, but they often foment extreme annoyance.  The bread at Becco is excellent, as are the breadsticks, and the white bean spread with olive oil that the bread comes with is superior.  Also, they serve you a dish of gourmet olives with the bread.  Bellissima! The pasta special consists of two courses: a choice of Caesar salad or antipasto to start, and then all you want of the three pastas of the day, which the servers bring 'round to you in enormous skillets and heap on your waiting plate.  On its worst nights, the fare is solid and satisfying. On its best, it's inspired.  These dishes aren't haute cuisine; they're just simple, delicious, and always made of fresh ingredients.  I think my dream line-up would be the linguini with clams, spaghetti with shrimp, and pumpkin ravioli.  The portions are super-generous, and the efficient, well-trained waiters return frequently to tempt you with seconds.  This means that you will not have room for dessert (in fact, boyfriend and I have never ordered dessert here!)  A wine list of $25 bottles of really good, unpretentious wine makes Becco an absolute hit (with boyfriend and me, at least). It is true that you get a great deal of food and wine for your money.  Let me stress, though, lest you think me some sort of cuisine size queen, that the reason to go to Becco is not the enormous portion sizes (although it is refreshing to get good value for your money in New York).  It is the outstandingly high quality of the food being served.
