Duck's is a fantastic neighborhood gem and I am so happy they are down the block from me.  Part hipster, part refined, part creole, part asian - fully awesome.  The ambience is always fun and full of a young crowd looking for well-presented, good food and not trying to break the bank.  The cocktails are thoughtful, and the bar scene is very lively.  I've been a few times and will continue to patronize. - Head-on shrimp:  just how you want them, with a juicy head and a good char.  The lardo is always melted before it gets to you and adds a nice sheen.  I love the bed of spicy arugula salad that they lay on almost as much as the shrimp themselves.  These are a great starter. - Smoked duck salad:  pleasant surprise of elegance in the flavor.  The duck is nicely smoked and yet still retains its juiciness.  The arugula salad is elevated with pomegranate seeds and black rice which add a nice element of texture.  Good portion size.  This, with a glass of white (we had the Sancerre) is a great combination and a light meal in itself. - Goat neck:  This is a truly incredible dish.  It falls off the bone from being slow cooked and flavor of the sauce is infused in every morsel.  It's big enough to share amongst a table of about 6 people.  The cherry glaze and the rice are fantastic.  The neck bone was clean when we finished. - Charred eggplant: another fantastic side dish.  thoroughly charred and great sauce of piri piri lemon zest and mint.  The eggplant has a fabulous creamy consistency and savory flavor that makes it stand out on its own. - Brisket Night:  Tuesdays are brisket night and highly enjoyable for a larger group.  It is super fun to have slabs of the delicious unctuous smoked brisket placed in the middle of the table and go through the communal act of diving in.  Really solid smokey flavor but not overpowering.  Very juicy.  They give you the option of different cuts of the brisket too - helpful for those who like leaner vs. fattier cuts - St. Louis ribs:  fall. off. the. bone.  great crust on them from the seasoning.  even the fat is tasty. - Rice w dried shrimp:  very good;  it's chewy w a little crunch from the shrimp.  Great accompaniment and good filler. - Veitnamese-esque soup:  great flavor but overly salty; interesting to add the brisket in there, and love the cilantro.  The clams were PERFECTLY cooked - succulent and juicy.  They were a highlight of the meal in themselves.  Noodles could be better. - beignets:  nice end to the meal but not the best I've had.  Not too greasy and the chocolate sauce has a mocha flavor. (not a fan of deeze nuts.  they remind me of the letdown you feel when you smell the candied nuts from a street vendor but then they don't taste like anything.  the pickles are tasty but probably don't get enough for 5 bucks.  crispy pig ears were ok, nothing to rave about.)
