I came into Miles Table with a friend on a Sunday morning, looking for a less crowded alternative to the newly opened Honey's on South. Miles Table was surprisingly calm for the brunch period on a Sunday (between 11am and noon). The style of ordering - walking up to the counter, placing your order, paying, and receiving a number to place at your table while you wait - is efficient but a bit impersonal. The cutesy menu and atmosphere of the restaurant could use some more customer to server interaction. The employees who work there, though, are super friendly and very sweet. I got the special of the day, the tostadas, and a mediocre iced tea for $12 - pretty standard, and even on the cheap side, for a brunch in Philly. I was mostly happy with the tostadas. The tortillas were crunchy, if a bit greasy. The pico de gallo with avocado was fresh and yummy. One of the eggs on top was perfectly poached but the yolk of my second egg was cooked through. The chipotle sauce on top didn't have much of a taste and it definitely wasn't spicy. It was a satisfying meal and definitely made me want to try other dishes but didn't necessarily blow me away. The biggest issue I had was not with the restaurant itself but with some patrons. The seating options aren't great here - there are a bunch of two tops, a handful of tables for four, and definitely limited possibilities for larger parties. Traditional wisdom would say that your "turn" to grab a table comes after you've ordered, as everyone waits in one line at the counter to order. However, a party of two walked in while I was waiting in line and pushed a few tables together and tried to save seats for 6 or more before any of them had even ordered. This was frustrating, since there weren't any open tables after that, and no one said anything. When my friend and I did find an open table, there was a non-customer sitting at it and talking to his friends who were eating at the adjacent table. We had to ask him to get up so we could sit down and eat and were met with very dirty looks and eye rolling.
