I came here for a friend's birthday dinner with a party of 10. As I had never heard of B4 and also my friend had said he wanted a simple low key dinner, I was prepared to be served mediocre food and drinks but I was pleasantly surprised throughout the entire night. When I first arrived, I was surprised that there were barely any tables filled. It was 8:30pm! Prime time for dinner in NY. Granted it was a Wednesday, but I was surprised as the restaurant itself was decorated very nicely and was definitely more spacious (using seat to seat proximity measurement) than most of the restaurants in the east village... actually probably most of the restaurants in Manhattan. The décor was very chic but homely, with an open kitchen and wooden tables and comfortable booths. There were very alluring large photos of fresh vegetables that definitely contributed to our orders of the cauliflower and beet sides later on in the evening. As a typography fan - I HAVE to say something about the menus! They were printed on simple beige paper but the handwriting font used was absolutely beautiful - lengthy but very linear and casual strokes. Ok, I'm done now. As I glanced at the menu, I immediately noticed that the prices were very reasonable - especially for the drinks. 6$ for beers, 8-9$ for glasses of wine and 25-30$ bottles of wine (!!!) All the cocktails were at 12$ and all sounded delectable. For drinks - we started off with a 24$ bottle of Sauvignon Blanc and members of our table ordered the Cool and Sexy and the Blackberry Mojito. All the drinks (and waters) were served in Mason Jars of different sizes and garnished with cucumbers, mint, etc beautifully. We were definitely very satisfied with the alcohol options! For appetizers - we ordered some salads for the table, the sesame seared ahi tuna nachos, corn fritters and the pork sliders. The salad was garnished with goat cheese and WATERMELON! A huge surprise after I discovered that what I thought was going to be tomato turned into a burst of refreshing watermelon juice. The corn fritters and pork sliders (with some sort of slaw) were both delicious as well but the ahi tuna nachos were the star. They were thinly sliced and atop fried wonton paper strips (yes those cheap "crackers" you get with your Chinese food!) and topped with a wasabi mayo. Definitely a must get! For my entrée, I was deciding between the salmon and the pork chop but as I was still substantially hungry I opted to go for the pork chop! The portion is absolutely huge. It comes topped with a hearty portion of "fennel slaw" and although every bite was great I had difficulties finishing it! My side of the table got the scallops, burger, and filet mignon and nothing disappointed! I would say my favorite had to be the scallops. The portions were definitely less than the others but the cauliflower puree underneath was buttery heaven! I'm not a huge dessert person but I HAVE to mention their brownie topped with candied bacon?! I didn't try it as I was stuffed from my meal but what a concept Service was great (we ended up being the last table in the restaurant quickly anyway...) and we left very happy! I noticed a sign by the side nothing 5$ bloodys and 4$ mimosas for brunch and after reading some yelp reviews decided I have to come back for Brunch sometime.
