This place is actually THE BEST. I had my birthday dinner here last Saturday...I (regrettably) had called up some other Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurants in the area a few days before the dinner and each one was totally lame and didn't want to accommodate a party of 18. Called up the Bosphorus and they told me it would be no problemo if I could just get my friends to tell me their orders a day in advance so that they could prepare them and bring them out to us when we arrived. BRILLIANT; FREAKING BRILLIANT. Who likes to wait 2 hours for a huge party to decide on their orders, and another 2 hours for the food to actually be brought out? NOT THIS GUY. A+ ingenuity for you, Bosphorus. My party was seated outside on the cute patio. Miraculously, getting the plates to come out promptly was not like pulling teeth, and the waiters/waitresses were all very kind and attentive. Water glasses were periodically filled, free appetizers were passed around the table (nice touch!), beer and wine bottles opened, food was inhaled, optimal enjoyment was had. Oh, and the food? FANTASTIC. I had the Iskender kebab, a delicious, flavorful sauce-slathered collection of delicately shaved gyro meat sitting atop a bed of cubed pita, with a side of greek yogurt. The pita sponged up the sauce that trickled through the gyro layer and might have been one of the best things I've ever tasted in my life. The meal was a perfect balance of savory meat, fluffy carbohydrate, and creamy dairy. 10/10 Would order again. And again and again and again. The people that work here are some of the most sincere restaurant owners I've ever encountered. The waitress (/owner?) who came to check on us was incredibly sweet and you could definitely tell that she really cared that we were all enjoying our food and having a good time. Furthermore, the male waiter?/owner? who I had spoken with on the phone to reserve my party was very accommodating, even of order changes, cancellations, and additions to my party.  Thanks so much Bosphorus for making my dinner amazing...I think I am in love with you.
