We ended up going to the Cantina about 4 times last week. I didn't mind paying $14  almost every time to eat the fajitas vegan. That's what kept me coming, and the fact it was so close and after a sugary pitcher of margarita mix i just wanted someplace close to walk home from. So, before my last visit i would have given cantina 4 stars. Go cantina! Go fajitas vegan! Go endless supply of nachos! But thats what i had last time, and endless supply of nachos. Why? Because after waiting an hour for my food, which should have been the first thing done because you don't have to cook it as long as meat, i watched all my friends finish their plates and then have them taken away. But not by our waitress, no, by other staff. So when our waitress did walk by my friend exclaimed I had not gotten my food. I told the waitress not to worry about it and bring it out whenever it was done (the last thing i wanted to do was to make her feel bad, stress her out, or give her a reason to go home and complain-i didn't want to be that rude customer). But what did she say, "Do you still want it!" of course i do. i would have liked it an hour earlier but yes i did. so it finally came, after another 20 minutes of not being checked on, appeasing my hunger with nachos and no water refills, nada. i asked for it in a bag when it came-I'm not staying any longer now that friends are leaving and its 10:50 almost 11. so i paid my portion of the tab-on debit card. (bad idea).my portion was $30. (total, thats all-no more no less, great deal if i would have gotten my food) BUT! the next day i had two transactions from cantina. NEITHER of them for $30. i was charged 35.04?! AND $258.90!!!!! almost $300 for food i never received from a waitress who copped an attitude in a restaurant where you have to scream and you might as well do shots with your pitcher of margarita mix? so i called them, i spoke to a rude manager-i only explained the charges-not the meal ordeal-again, i didn't want to be rude or get the waitress in trouble. that was Friday, she took my name and number and other information down-said she would call back. so when Sunday came and i still have those charges and no call i decide to call. i not even allowed to speak to a manager and i have my name and number written down-i tell the person i called 2 days before and they had not called me back and they said they would very shortly they'd make sure. its Monday morning, 2 phone calls, bad service in the restaurant and now no follow up. I'm giving cantina 1 star ONLY because before this ordeal i liked it. i brought numerous new people to the cantina and talked it up-now, ill only be able to talk it down, not because of a crying baby, but because i still cannot get service after 4 days, and they stole from me?
