I have to say that this was a lovely cafe if you go once. If you go a second time, it can get quite sour. The good: The Sangria was to die for. Incredibly rich and just delicious. Memorable, for sure. The staff was incredibly friendly. Very welcoming and approachable. Knowledgable and multicultural. The variety of meats and cheeses is not extensive but just enough where it doesnt get overwhelming. The Manchego and Mahon were hands down my favorite. The tapas were of a fair portion and very fair price. What you can get here for 3.50, you get for 8 elsewhere. The bad: And reason for three star: We came twice while on a trip to New York. We planned on only attending once but after having a bad experience at Boqueria, we decided to come back again knowing it was a safe option. This second time we felt rushed. The staff was courteous but with a stinging edge at the end. Everything was offered "To-Go". We did consume a tapa or three there at the cafe. But it was uncomfortable because of the glances and stares of the employees. This must have been so because we ordered Jamon Iberico, with our intentions to consume it at the cafe, and it was given to us instead in a to-go package. A misunderstanding between the customer and employee that should not be the customers fault. In short, we decided to open the package and eat it because its what we asked for....But this only resulted in us being reprimanded like children. Apparently the owner did not like that we were eating the product she sells in her cafe. That if its packaged, it can only be consumed outside of the cafe and if we desired the ham, it had to be consumed inside and ordered as a Tapa. (Essentially, that was our intention. If her employee was eager to get rid of us from the cafe or simply misunderstood us, that is not our problem or fault.) Because we're not savages or entirely uncultured as it seemed they assumed we were, (or at least it seemed that way judging by the owners sour glances) we respectfully, but disdainfully put the ham away. In all, we must have spent well over $150 dollars between products, prepared food and wine in those two days. But after that last experience of being scolded like children, its unlikely that we'll return anytime soon. Now its just uncomfortable. We'll take our money to a place where their noses aren't so high up in the air next time. I would still recommend this place to anyone looking to try these delicious delicacies but take your food to go and enjoy at home in a better environment.
