Great atmosphere and decor! Clearwater makes you feel like you're in a modern rustic cabin with their sexy dim lighting, clean-lined furniture and exposed-beam ceiling. I went there on a double date during memorial day friday and thought it was a great place. Never heard of it until I got there, but i wish i've heard of it earlier. Its best to make a reservation in advance as the place is small and usually gets booked up. We were hoping to sit outdoors as that area is first come, first serve but it was rainy and cold! But if we could go there again, would love to sit in their outdoor patio. They have some amazing custom drinks which are very enjoyable (& even some cutie bartenders too!) We ended up being seated at the chef's table, an area which sits about 7-10 people in front of the kitchen (kitchen is open and you can see everything they cook) which I actually enjoyed since you get to see them make the meals for the whole restaurant. It was nice seeing the chefs at work which is something you don't see quite often at a restaurant. Only bad side to sitting here is that you are RIGHT next to the door and if its cold (in this case it was) every time someone comes in and out the wind just kills you every time. Another weird thing is that to go to the bathroom you have to leave the restaurant and go to another entrance to get to the basement... which i imagine would suck if it was snowy outside! At first they gave us a sampler dish, which is really good.. no idea what it was.. tasted like a vinaigrette onion thing with some lettuce.. but i wish they gave us more. We ordered the oysters and clam gnocchi soup and both were quite good. Gnoochi soup was amazing, very buttery, flavorful and a good amount of clams insight! We asked the server what dishes she recommends and she said we can't go wrong with anything on the menu since everything is pretty popular. We then ordered the chef's special steak and the crispy duck breast. Both were done very well. Steak was cooked to perfection and the duck breast was very juicy. We ended up getting the chocolate pot pie dessert which was very good. Overall great restaurant. Would def recommend it as a special dinner night or romantic date spot!
