There is a lot to say about the Nevada Diner in Bloomfield, NJ not much of it is good.  The place has been renovated to some degree but if you look close the work was not very professional.  This fits right in with the service and the management.  All you have to do is check the booths when you walk in on the left wall near the kitchen.  The work looks like it was done over night and by a one-armed carpenter. On recent visits there is a noticeable lack of customers during the new hours of operation.  This lack of customers you would think might improve the service since you are not rushing around to serve that many people.  One Saturday morning my quiet breakfast at 8am was disturbed by the music being played so loud it was like being at the Hard Rock café and not a local diner. This along with the manager on duty having a VERY LOUD conversation with the workers so, there goes a quiet morning meal. I made the mistake of going back trying to give them the benefit of the doubt and knowing that anyone can have a bad day.  This was another failure.  I ordered a meal and asked for WELL DONE WHITE TOAST.  The meal comes and the toast is almost raw.  I try to calm down and just eat the meal.  The server is walking around talking about how bored she is because there are no customers. I tell her that the reason the customers might not be here is because the service is poor.  I show her the toast and she says, "oh you wanted it well done".  I said to her yes, that was my order. So she asks if I would like her to make some more toast. I decline since my food would be cold by the time the well done toast makes it from the kitchen.  If she was so bored and had nothing to do, she could have paid closer attention to my order since I was her only customer at the moment. When I checked out after this disaster of a meal, the server was near the counter and when the cashier asked me how everything was, my response was silence.  The server then said his toast was not well done and he is mad at me, like POOR SERVICE is a joke to her. I still left a tip and hope she spends it wisely, I don't see many more in her future with the service she delivers. Lesson learned, just because a place does a renovation does not mean it is an improvement.  Go there if you want. I won't be going back. The place fails on three fronts, appearance management, and service. I have to give it ONE star but it is not even worth that.
