Where to begin!!??? Me and my sister came into the big city on a Saturday just for this meal. We got in early because we knew there would be a long wait had we not. The restaurant opens at 5 and we got there around 4:45 and there was already a couple on line. As it got closer to 5 there were about 10 other people waiting outside. 5 on the dot they open the door and we were showed to our table. The tables are roomy, but if you have long legs you might need to slant them to the sides because of the hot pot in the middle. We started with an app of beef tar tar with raw egg on top. YUM. Im a sucker for raw anything so I already knew i was going to love this. Then we ordered our shabu. We got the a and the b. The only difference was that one was prime beef as opposed to the other. They turn the hot pot on and bring out the veggies/ noodles. And then the meat. The meat is sliced thin, similar to meat you would find on a cheese steak, but not as delicious. Now if this is your first time here you would automatically just throw everything in the hot water without knowing the correct process. First you put in your veggies in the water, let the water flavor up. DO NOT PUT NOODLES IN. Then you can start dipping your meat to cook. It takes like 30 seconds. Meat come up perfectly cooked to your liking. After you finish your meat and the majority of your veggies, you then put your noodles in. All of the water gets flavored from the veggies and meat, and that water flavoring goes into your noodles. The waiters give you a bowl once they see you have finished the meat and are onto the noodle part, so you can scoop out the broth and noddles and voila instant ramen. Then you receive a scoop of ice cream. I chose green tea because its my favorite. They have a nice list of sake , we ordered their house which was i believe 9 or 10 for the full carafe. The meal goes by quick,  took about an hour. You really cant lounge around and hang out, because they are trying to turn tables quickly. By the time we left at 6is there was already over an hour wait.
