I took my brother here for his birthday as I wanted to treat him to a special experience, and everything I've read about Bohemian indicated it would be a good fit. I called for a reservation a week before and was told they only had room at the bar, which was fine.   I kept our destination a secret as we rode the taxi downtown, and I think he was a little surprised when we waked down a stark corridor off of a "transitional" street and probably thought I was taking him to a mob hit.  Not the case (at least this time)--the frosted glass door opened up into a cosy, cool retro space that harkens back to a 50's living room with a cool bar on one side.  My brother, who lives overseas and has eaten at many great restaurants, took one look around after we sat down and said, "this is really cool."  Indeed. We sat down and were presented the drinks menu and the food menu by the bartender.  From the outset the service was prompt, crisp, and professional to the point that the evening seemed seamless--everything was done at the right time.  We ordered the tasting menu, whose price was extremely reasonable at $58 per person.  As we sat, it was fun watching the bartender make a host of different concotions for guests--they were all made with care and real attention to detail. The first dish came, which was fresh raw vegetables served in a bucket of crushed ice along with a "cheese fondue" dipping sauce.  As my brother does not eat cheese they provided another sauce for him, and also showed excellent service in reviewing the rest of the menu to make certain that there would be no other items that he couldn't eat.  They also checked to see if he could eat dairy/butter, showing ther attentiveness.  The cucumber from the bucket was the best cucumber I've ever eaten, and let's face, it, if you're writing about a raw cucumber, it must have been awesome. The uni croquette was excellent, and the wagyu sashimi was out of this world--its flavor combined with the soy sauce (excellent) and wasabi was a palate-awakening experience and a must-have.  The whole fish was very good, and the mini wagyu burgers were very good as well.   In short, it was a great dining experience.  I will be back.  My brother will be back.  And I can't wait.
