Where to start... this is a pleasure... I recently dined here with a friend who lives in the area, and we were both stunned at how great the food was. Anyone complaining about the food should be immediately suspected as a fake reviewer or someone who clearly has poor judgement and would be happier going to McDonalds. To be honest we assumed it would probably be the 'diner' food lousy, oily, blah overpriced trying to be fancy but trusted the recent reviews and went with it hoping for the best. Both the meals we had here surpassed our hopes and left us very very happy. What a find! The aged steak was immaculate, absolutely perfect. Obviously high quality meat, seared just right in a perfect pan, texture was buttery, soft, with a hint of char on outside. Served 'rare' as requested. (Nevermind expensive, over-rated steaks elsewhere- this is what you can judge those by- at least the one my friend ordered was). My risotto plate and beet salad was also equally delicious, and sangria fresh & delicious but oh, that steak... so memorable. Before the meal we had a complimentary loaf of fresh baked french bread baked with a hint of rock salt inside and outside was slightly crusty/crunchy, totally perfect. A week later we had breakfast, was wowed by delicious fresh scones (triangle shaped with raisins), succulent corned beef hash and great eggs benedict. American Diner (as others have also noticed) is not really a diner, is more restaurant, a good thing because for about the same money the food is 10x better but you can still come dressed anyway you like (cozy!). The food here is memorable and delicious- how often can you say that about any diner? It's fresh (locally sourced from nearby farms?), balanced, perfectly proportioned... and is fairly priced (affordable) which is a very rare thing. Apparently one reason the food's cooked just right is thanks to a professionally trained Australian woman chef they have on board- so said a wonderful waitress there (night shift) in a proud, slightly hushed voice. Oz's loss is our gain! This chef knows what she's doing. Don't bother comparing it to other old-school diners, it's too new, has a weird blah name, is so huge inside, not grubby enough, there's no silver sheeted lined walls, it's not small, stuffed with walls of signed pics of old movie stars and local folks that made it big, no jolly/curmudgeonly obese cook, isn't open 24/7, and most notably there's no booths in the corner full of loud or moody teenagers hanging out til 2am sharing a plate of home-fries (or cheese fries) because they're so broke. lol. (Ah, the late 80's/early 90's...) but I digress...   I'd think of this place first when hungry- for any meal. Has all you casual cozyness one would want, welcoming atmosphere, warm people all very friendly. Service is outstanding, attentive, not pushy or overdone. It's clean! Affordable.! In fact the only downside is it's not near where I live (outside NYC), but good for my credit card- which I'd max out coming here for every meal when I'm not up for home cooking or what they don't have on the menu. If you live nearby A. D. enjoy it if you can!
