I went here for lunch. I work up on 38th and 8th, so it was a short walk. When I arrived, there was a short, decently fast-moving line (~ten minutes). Once I got close enough, I read the menu with wide-eyed surprise--SIXTEEN DIFFERENT SOUPS?! How am I going to decide, mouth and tongue? Thought process for deciding: what is something I will never see as a Campbell's Chunky Soup selection/I will probably never make at home? Well, just throwing this out there, but I doubt I'll ever make Hungarian food at home. BOOM. Decision made: The Hungarian Mushroom Soup. I made my order, a large soup, and a half salami sandwich. Gotta keep with the theme; Eastern Europeans love their sausage, right?. The total cost was about $7.20. Not bad for an area lunch average of about $9-10. I left content with my choice and noticing that the line had grown around the corner, into the adjacent parking ramp. TIP: You won't be able to walk in and walk out. Earlier is better with this place. I lucked out and got there right before the 1pm rush hour, it seems. When I got back, I dug in. I then noticed, to my delight, that not only did I get soup and sandwich, but I also got (A) a piece of bread and (B) a delicious McIntosh Apple. Call me simple (and a fatty), but you get bonus points for unexpected fruit and tasty carbs. The soup was creamy and delicious--think "beef stroganoff: the soup." The soup wasn't as hearty as I thought it would be--but there I go again comparing it to Campbells Chunky. Bad, Mark! Not all soup has to be so thick it stands up a spoon. The sandwich was good, with the bread being the high note. I have nothing bad to say about it. It's a sandwich meant to compliment the soup, not the other way around. Job accomplished. Overall, this place gets a 4 because I haven't tried any other soup places. I'm not quite ready to say its the best. That's not to say it's not good; it's some of the best soup I've had in awhile (Hmmm...maybe not as good as King of Tandoor's Mulligatawny. I'll get back to you). Maybe some day this will get a five. In the meantime, Soup Nazi, I'm coming for you next. Great lunch. Period.
