Oh man was the setting of this restaurant great! Ok, here's the picture: it was 85 degrees on a sunny, beautiful day without a cloud in the sky. My parents brought me to this place in order to sit outside on the patio and to be able to enjoy the weather after a long winter for both MA/CT where they are from and Chicago where I am from.   To walk in to the restaurant, you have to walk over an old footbridge that connects the parking lot to the restaurant. That was really cool, especially because some birds had nested on the outside of the bridge and if you put your ear up to the walls of the interior of the bridge, you could hear them chirping. "God, I love springtime!" I thought. So, from there we walked in and it wasn't a problem getting a table outside on a Thursday at about 1 pm.  Our service was great, especially in that he was knowledgeable about the meals, desserts, and he made a mean-ass cappuccino.  He could have been more attentive though; refilling the water and taking the plates away quicker.  But he was very busy and the atmosphere was so nice (and did I mention the weather!?!), that I didn't mind. The food? Oh, man! The food was great. Started out with calamari, which was not out of this world, but pretty darned good and I would be glad to get it again. I ordered the Tuscan Ravioli, stuffed with all sorts of vegetable wonders and served with fresh sea scallops with a creamy sauce. I ate the whole thing and for a moment, just for a moment, considered shoving my face in the plate and giving myself a facial - because that sauce was fantastic! I had a bite of my mom's chicken schnitzel which was also really good, and I feel like I have a certain weight to saying that since I lived in Germany for four months. Albeit Prussia, but still, they've got some good schnitzel in those parts.   The only thing preventing this place from getting five stars are the following: - As I mentioned, I wish we had more attentive service; but it was still attentive enough not to warrant a further deduction - The menu they had was very heavy and inappropriate for spring. They were still serving winter food. - The river was beautiful, for sure, and the setting on top of the waterfall was great. But I wish the river were a tad bit cleaner.  I know that's not the fault of the restaurant, but still, it's something you notice. It's not dirty enough that you would be driven away, but it's just a tad unsightly. - Italian food.  Apparently they're making a slow switch-over to Italian food.  Gee, that's exactly what Western Mass/Conn. does NOT need is more Italian food.  If I wanted good Italian food, I could go... ANYWHERE in Massachusetts / Connecticut. For the love of god, please don't go too far down that path!!! My sister's family and parents have lived up in these parts for a number of years now and I am surprised it has taken them this long to bring me here.  I'm excited to go back and I wonder what it is like at nighttime, it must be really cool.
