A friend of mine had said she'd had a wonderful dinner here, and suggested it for brunch.  Given my experience, I cannot believe this place has ever surpassed being awarded 2 stars, let alone 5... but I notice that the lowest marks relate to a brunch meal.  So let's continue: I arrived on time and was told I could not be seated until the other part of my party arrived (table of 2, ample seats available at 10:15am, 15 minutes since opening). I wasn't thrilled by that but waited patiently.  We were then seated and ordered coffee, but were left to chat for nearly 20 minutes before the order was taken by a somewhat snarky, preoccupied waiter.  I agree: Applewood's apparel offerings should NOT top the menu. We had a lovely time catching up.. chatted away for nearly 45 minutes when my dining companion left to use the restroom and I clocked my watch: we'd been waiting AN HOUR for our order, which was 2 shallot and mushroom omelets, with biscuits, potatoes, and a side of bacon.  Thankfully, the plates hit the table just before she returned.  The omelet looked freakishly smooth and almost plastic-like given a place that seems very slow-food/rustic.  Actually a real turn-off.  I cut in and it was very poorly done: too runny and, here's the worst part: lukewarm.   I'm not a big complainer. I will muddle through a meal w/out grimacing, especially if it was someone else's choice. I ate most of mine, using the hot potatoes to warm the omelet bites.  The apple slices gratis, on the side, were watery and disgusting.. .bland. I could've picked better apples from the bodega round the corner. It was truly pathetic.  Halfway through, my friend asked if mine was cold and I had to reply yes. We both stopped eating and she apologized and confessed total disappointment with the experience. The conversation was much more rewarding than the meal. So here's the summary: Overpriced for an undercooked meal served cold, a waitstaff that never checked in after wordlessly dropping off the meal, and yes, it was very loud when at full capacity. I'm impressed by the dinner raves here.. someone must do something right, but it won't be the same one cooking your brunch. Skip it.
