It's tough to get me overly excited about an Italian restaurant because there are so many good ones in CT; however, I went on Yelp and found this place that was very close to my hotel. I read the reviews and I was sold since it was only two traffic lights away. One person said that he travels 20 miles from an airport hotel to eat there when he is at the New Jersey airport, so I just had to give it a shot. I guess I didn't read the reviews too carefully though, because when I arrived I found that it was BYOB. I arrived at 7:15PM and the place was very busy. There were a lot of Italians in the place, and big parties going on. The guys sitting across from me looked like very serious dudes. When they thought I was listening to them, they started speaking Italian. LOL. Mafia dons? Customers were moved to the party room next door. There is no parking lot for the restaurant/trattoria so you have to park on the street. It took me awhile to find a spot. I was told by my hotel staff that I was in a very safe area, but I was still nervous about parking on the street. I ordered an unsweetened ice tea and decided to go with their Caesare Salad special with fried calamari as an APP, for my main course I had Taglia Trasteverina which included calamari, mussels, olives, artichokes in a light tomato sauce over homemade tagliatelle. Every thing was very good. The place was casual, family friendly and very noisy. No problem for me; I sort of enjoyed the atmosphere. How I wish I had a nice Chianti to go with my meal. The bill was $28.25, a little steep for one,  but they gave me tons of mussels and calamari, so I can't complain. I was stuffed when I left. The waiter asked if I wanted some dessert. "No room inside," I said. While I was eating I noticed a few desserts being served and they looked very decadent. My only complaint besides the parking was that my entree was too salty for my taste. Then again, I am particularly sensitive to salt. I should have said something beforehand, I guess. I don't want to get into a specific medical issue, but I had a tough time last night because of the excess salt. Strange that I only started tasting the excessive salt near the end of the meal. I don't get it. They have salt and pepper on the table so that we can add it by ourselves. I see no need for this to happen.
