Wow so where do I start... Quite unfortunate that I have to give this place 1 star simply because we were really hoping that it would be a new favorite... Who doesn't love bacon? My husband and I went in during a pretty slow time about 5pm and were sat by a very nice hostess and greeted by a really nice server from Philly who was a pleasure... So far so good.   We ordered a flight of bacon which was tasty and an old fashioned (pretty standard). Hubby got the grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup. The sandwich was quite small but came served on good bread however it lacked an appropriate amount of actual cheese to constitute a grilled cheese. I got the burger with tater tots. The tater tots came out soggy and full of grease but still edible... The burger was to be medium came out with the burger part cut and it looked like it was pieced together as if it was from another burger or something. They took it back and made me a new one however when it came out it was completely raw in the middle. I was informed that the dishwasher cooked it ... Um what??? It's like your open for 28 days and you feel so comfortable that you trust the dishwasher to start cooking ... I was blown away. I finally told them just to forget it but their manager came over who was completely unprofessionally dressed... The rest of the staff  is in t-shirts and the hostess was in a nice blouse but the manger was on 3 inch stilettos and a black ass hugging dress with her melons completely hanging out ... It wasn't sexy it was just completely unprofessional .... And I just wanted her to go away because I kept focusing on her massive coconuts as she talked it was awkward! She did give my hubby a free old fashioned   and a free show, so he was content...which was nice....but Barbacon here's a Nip, I mean tip......dressing your managers unprofessionally is not giving you the effect I am sure you were looking to get. Well, they wouldn't let me leave without waiting for the burger so we sat waiting while the chef personally made it for me...AGAIN probably a bad idea to have someone other than the chef making food with only being open less than a month, but I am not a food and hospitality guru. So the burger comes out...cooked perfect, too bad all the other dishes on the table were cleared, my tater tots were gone and it was just a sad looking burger with a little amount of cheese, bacon and some very good house cured pickles and a sid of very nasty tasting housemade ketchup....whcih had me asking for good ol Heinz- shocking because I do love my spreads and dips. Anyway, it was all pretty lackluster and I in no way plan to go back to Barbacon...I give this place 6 months because the issues they have go beyond new restaurant jitters.
