Well, just when I thought it couldn't get worse...I received a message on Yelp from the waitress (Alexandria S, Jersey City, NJ). She actually wrote this to me: "I'd like to let you know that you are pathetic. This has nothing to do with my occupation. Your review on the Broadway diner was totally not admirable on your part. It shows your character. I read your review and have to say it's totally wrong and blown out of proportion. I deal with customers all day and have been a waitress my whole life. I totally understand that the customer is always right, but that doesn't mean that they are entitled to speak to someone in a demeaning manner. I charged you for what you ordered. Cold and not with cheese is not a tuna melt in case you didn't realize. That's like someone ordering a hot turkey and asking for a cold turkey sandwich price. Clearly you do not understand the operational aspects, revenue, or economics of a business. Go back to school instead of spending your time yelping :) - Alexandria" It's almost laughable that the waitress takes it upon herself to get online, find me on yelp, & then send me a nasty message attacking both my character, education, & the fact that I am an active yelper. Several things to note; (1) she says she's been a waitress her whole life - she's approx 21 years old! (2) She says that ordering a cold (not warmed) tuna sandwich without cheese is like ordering a hot turkey and asking for a cold turkey sandwich price. I beg to differ - I asked them NOT to put cheese and NOT to heat it - less ingredients & less labor - shouldn't the price at least be the same as a Tuna Melt if not less?!? (3) She recommends I go back to school instead of spending my time yelping. Guess I should go back, and upgrade my prior advanced degrees with yet another one, and get off of yelp so that others will not know about her horrible service, awful attitude, and disgraceful customer service - I DON'T THINK SO! In any case, I notified the owner of her email, and I believe she now spends her days where she belongs - NOT WORKING at this establishment! Just an FYI....it's a shame that one person can ruin your opinion of an entire business.
