I will never return to appelwood.  1 month ago I wrote the owners an email and have not heard back.  They're off the list.  I have reproduced the letter below for the internet to read.  This place used to be so high on my list...and now...nothing.  This is long, but if you wanna know why I will never go back feel free to read. Dear Applewood, The following email is long and full of complaints.  It is intended for the owner and or manager.  I write you this email as a form of constructive criticism for you and your staff.  If i was the manager/owner of this business I know I would appreciate to hear this feedback from a repeat customer.  Our experience was miserable.   First, let me start by saying I have been to Applewood 4 times now (2 dinners and 2 brunches) in the last few months.  My first three experiences were all great, and I tell people about your restaurant all the time.  In particular I talk up the bacon and tell people it is hands down the best bacon I have ever had.  I even added myself to your mailing list (something which I avoid as a personal rule of mine) and was looking forward to your next farm to table dinner.  This fourth and possibly final experience, however, was quite the shock (Sunday 3/8) .  As the person whose idea it was for us to drive over to Park Slope to eat at Applewood, I have decided to write you this email. First, Abraham told us it would be a 45 minute wait.  This is understandable because it is the brunch rush.  It took us an hour and fifteen minutes to be seated, and when we were finally seated there were several other empty tables.  Kinda like the brunch rush took a lot out of the staff and we were there right when they decided to mentally take a break.  Once the 45 mninute window had passed my girlfriend went back inside to check with Abraham on how long it would be, an instead of just answering the question he gave her attitude/dirty look.  The waitress, whos name i wish i remembered, seemed to lack all personality and her body language made it very clear that she hated her job.  Maybe we showed up at a bad time, maybe she was having personal issues, to be honest it's not my place to care, but the normal "welcome to our home" atmosphere was starkly absent.   She took our drink orders, 2 coffees, an OJ, and a beer.  She forgot the beer and we "unordered" it a half hour later. She took our brunch orders.  2 omelets (one lobster, one short rib), a fish and chips sandwich (which did not taste fresh, and SURPRISE SURPRISE made the eater ill shortly after leaving the restaurant), and a grilled cheese with NO bacon (vegetarian friend charged full price even though the most expensive item, im guessing, in the dish was absent).  The food took over 1 hour to be served from the time we placed it.  Nothing on this order takes much time to cook.  I guess the kitchen staff was tired from the brunch rush as well, cause i ASSURE you the restaurant at this time was not busy enough to justify the wait. Now I am not sure what happened here, but BOTH omelets were served at room temperature at best.  Definitely could not be described as hot, or warm, and mine could actually be described as cool.  The french fries on both sandwich dishes were also served cold. Personally, I had the short rib with kale and salsa verde so I will speak about my dish even though they were all equally mediocre or poor.  My short ribs were dry, my kale was COLD, and my salsa verde was non existent.  When i asked the unfriendly waitress if they forgot the salsa verde her response was that it "should be inside."  Well it was not, but she did not seem to care.  My kale was literally COLD.  how unappetizing is COLD kale in the middle of a dry short rib room temperature omelet?  I hope we are on the same page here, because I found it pretty gross. Sufficiently miserable with our meal we asked for the check, and commented amongst ourselves how the entire process (1 hr 15 min for table and 1 hour plus for food) was entirely not worth it.   At this point we realized we all only had credit cards.  Not ideal I agree, but by no means a big deal, we asked Abraham to please split it four ways.  His response, which was THANK GOD cut off by our unfriendly waitress, was "You know how you can help me out?"  At this point, if the waitress did not walk up and take our credit cards, I had a whole list of not so polite things to say back to Abraham on what HE could help ME out with.  For starters, he could say thank you right away and take the credit cards out of my hand, divide the bill in 4, and process.  Beyond that I will leave my suggestions for Abraham to myself. I hope that you have taken the time to read this email and I thank you for your time. I hope that if I ever find the urge to return to Applewood (an urge I have had MANY times on a weekend morning craving bacon) your staff can have it together a little more and serve a decent meal.  In the end, that's all we are asking for...a decent meal.
