I should've made a reservation, as first available table would have been after 9pm. I was told to roam near the bar to try to get a seat at the bar (serves full menu there) when people at the bar would leave for their dinner reservation. As I waited for 5-10 minutes checking out the menu- this restaurant served tapas style food from the Basque region. I was after a couple who abandoned hope of getting seated at the bar so they left. Shortly after they left, the hostess came and told me that there was a cancellation and seated me at a two-top. I started my meal with a refreshing Sangria made with white wine and peach juice, with little bits of green apple and citrus Chunks. Then a complimentary thin cheese crisps arrived that was flaky and tasty with a tomato sauce that was simple and perfect as dipping sauce for the crisps. first ordered food to arrive was "De Ternera Kobe," one of the server's recommendations from the "Montaditos" section, bruschetta with Kobe beef, pisto bilbaina and romesco sauce. Beef was tender and gorgeous, complimented by whatever the hell "pisto bilbaina" is- oh the server just came to tell me that it was soft scrambled eggs... Mmmm yummy... Two things I'm so glad I did: 1. Waited patiently to be seated and got a table 2. If I didn't wait, my "Plan B" would have been going to the diner I passed on the way to Tinto and ate some scrapple. I could do that tomorrow, but then maybe I won't. What have gotten into me, I'm not all the way clear, but one of the other two dishes I ordered was "Judias Verdes," haricot vert, almonds, dates, orange segments tossed with sherry vinaigrette and a dash of paprika that made the plate dramatic. The aroma was spectacular, a combination of paprika and the vinaigrette was simply amazing. All the ingredients just went together to create an explosion of sour, tart, sweet, crunchy, nutty, bitter all at the same time in your mouth. It was so good I did not leave the sauce on my plate, so just as I was going to ask for more cheese crisps, my last dish arrived - "Revuelto de Langosta." Yep, you guessed it, a lobster dish with asparagus and "shirred eggs, oyster cava cream" And yes, another dish wirh scrambled eggs! Since this dish came with some lightly toasted baguette slices, I used them to finish up my haricot vert sauce. Rather than doing the lobster-asparagus (solid pieces) on toast, I got the cheese crisps to liberally scoop up the egg item and enjoyed the contrast in flakiness of the crisps and the creaminess of the eggs. The oyster-cream combo is what you scoop into your mouth for adding saltiness, reminding you that the dish is powered by the lobster and oyster, and not the egg. As I see other plates go by, the only regret so far is that my lonely self can only enjoy three (well 4 if you count the cheese crisps) plates and not more. I would've liked to sample "de Panceta," Berkshire pork belly, honey laquer and shave apples, or "De Res, " Braised short ribs, BACON, asparagus with celery root aioli, even "Moules Basquaise," Mussels and chorizo standard fare,but with "sauce basquaise," lemon aioli and of course frites. I'm finishing my meal with a "traditional Basque cake" but there were other interesting items such as "Mato y Miel," Goat's milk mousse, pomegranite gelee, almond lace cookie, or "Bunuelos de Castano" ok- I don't know how to add the tildas on the two "n"- chestnut profiteroles, sweet chestnut puree and canola gelato. Maybe next time I gather people to come here. Must make a reservation though. Oh, so my Basque cake was not really a cake- three little pastry tart filled with pastry cream and macerated black cherries. Yum! The server Erin was extremely knowledgeable, and answered all of my questions about ingredients, etc.
