Wow! This is the word you'll be saying after anything you eat at Sandra's. My son and I came here last week for the first time. We both ordered the lunch special for $8.50 a person. This included an entree selection with two sides and a buttery piece of cornbread. My son had the fried chicken. After his first bite, he went into a perfectly seasoned fried chicken joyous food coma. Basically, he couldn't speak because it was the best fried chicken he had ever tasted. The white meat was moist and seasoned. Sandra's obviously seasons there chicken for at least two days. The skin was crispy, but not greasy. He also had corn and there mac and cheese, which  I can only describe as made from scratch cheesy love. I had the ribs with a smear of BBQ glaze that was slightly spicy, but not overwhelmingly sweet. My collard greens were perfection. This restaurant knows how to spice  food and cook "low and slow."  The greens were tender, slightly sweet with a hint of bitterness, and the yams were melt in your mouth yum! Sooooo! We came back this week. We just couldn't stay away. Besides...today is mashed potato day. What can be so special about mashed potatoes ? Well when Sandra has a food special on a specific day, you know it must be awesome. My son had the potatoes for one of his sides. Did I mention that he's a twelve year old foodie. He said the potatoes were smooth, creamy with some seasoning that brought it all together. I'm a culinary teacher, part-time caterer and personal chef on the side.... so we know good food and good service. This time, I also had the chicken. This brings me back to the beginning of this review....WOW! Did I tell you would hear this word again. I also need to mention the fantastic gigantic iced-tea or lemonade that comes in huge Chinese size soup container served over ice if you eat in. Lets talk about the service. Sandra was there during both of our visits and she came over to talk to my son and myself on both  occasions. Sandra checked on our food and service, and then just had a nice chat with us that made our lunch so enjoyable. It's so nice when the owner is visible and attentive to their customers. Her staff were also just as attentive and  warm with customers that came in for take-out orders.  It was as if I was I was eating in my own kitchen. Do not pass up the opportunity to eat and enjoy the experience at Sandra's
