My girlfriend and I were celebrating our anniversary, and as we love Bayou and Beso we thought it would be a great idea to try Blue.  I attempted to make a reservation, and was told by the woman on the phone that they only make reservations for parties of 5 or more...a bit pretentious, but if this place is like Bayou or Beso they could be.  We arrived to Blue at 700 and were seated before 730, it was a Wednesday so it was not terribly busy.  The atmosphere was great, and they made an incredible transformation from the old resturant. Our waitress was Kelly, I feel the need to mention her by name because the service was some of the worst I have experienced.  She pressured us to order, coming by three times before we even read the full menu.  We ordered two apps the crab fritters and seafood spring rolls and another round of drinks.  after we ordered the apps the bread and olive oil came out.  We finished the bread which was delicious and Kelly came to our table to ask If we would like more drinks, she went to the bar to flirt with the bartender after she was last at our table and never retrieved the drinks we initially asked for, and finally got them for us.   After around 30 minutes our apps arrived and they were delicious, the food you would expect from the owner of this restaurant.   Kelly asked if we would like to order entrees again after we explained that we would after the appetizers, an honest mistake that she made two more times before the appetizers were completed.  After we completed our apps we ordered our entrees, The lobster tail stuffed with crab and the ancho chili rib-eye steak and i ordered another beer.  15 minutes later, Kelly asked how we were doing and I told her "thirsty" and she asked if we wanted more water...I had to order another beer, as she forgot another drink order and while she was there my girlfriend ordered another drink.  The time when this occured was about 830, our table conversation continued as we sipped our drinks and watched all of our fellows diners receive their entrees, many whom were seated after us.  At around 930 tables around us were mostly gone and tables around us were reseated and receiving their apps.  We asked another waitress, if she could find our waitress for us.  Kelly came to our table and told us there was a mix up in the kitchen and our food went to another table.  She asked us for our order again, we gave them to her and asked for another round of drinks.  ten minutes pass, and I had gone to the bathroom and saw where Kelly spent the night hiding, leaning against the bar laughing with the bartender.  When I got back to my table Kelly was soon to follow, and she asked us if we wanted to go wait outside and we could be reseated when our food was ready.  I asked her again  for another round for my girlfriend and I and told her we would stay at our table, because she told us the food would only be ten more minutes and it would not make sense to give up our table and risk our food getting cold while waiting for another table.  Kelly came back a few minutes later and said the drinks were on her for the mix up with the food.   An hour later 1030-1040 our orders arrived and I asked for another beer for my meal.  Kelly was very involved with a large table and while she was passing back and fourth between their table bringing out the food and their drinks I stopped her and again asked if everything was ok.  I was halfway done with my entree at this point, and asked her again if she could get me another beer.  The beer came for my last bites of the meal.  This was four times that she completely forgot our tables drink orders!  I thought that this was incredible, working in food service for several years I could not fathom forgetting that many orders!  Our meal was done and yes the food was very good,  the steak was more well then medium-rare as I asked for but the lobster tail is a must have dish.  We sat with our plates as Kelly was working very hard over the customers at the large table, we were clearly forgotten to sit and wait for her to be called over again to ask for the check.   The time now is approaching 1130, and the bill arrives and Kelly also brought us two glasses of champange, she said it was her gesture for us waiting for our entrees for so long.  Before we paid our bill we took a sip of our champagne and my girlfriend and I look at each other and we had to laugh, the champagne she gave us was white wine! My girlfriend, and avid wine fan told me it was Cabernet savigion. Kelly also charged us for the drinks that were "on her", we could not get her attention as she was in deep conversation with the bartender and decided to deduct the drinks from her tip. The restaurant needs better managment, the service was deplorable! Good food doesnt mean a thing with service this bad.  I was very dissapointed and will not be back at this place for a long time, very sad... the owner should really do something to fix this.
