There's another place right around the corner, Matilda rated A, this place, Cafecito rated B. Ive only eaten at Matilda take out tacos, they were tiny and cold and  although tasty I remember thinking  I would rather cook them myself and get my moneys worth and not be left hungry.  The pizzeria on B has a tasteless pizza.  i grew up on rosarios pizza, true italian taste, but the old man passed many years ago.  Theres also Mercadito, but again prices make me put the menu down. There's great italian food at the corner of b and 11th but unless you make 150,000 a year, you'll only afford to eat there on VERY special occasions.  Don't expect heaping platefuls either. I've been looking a long time for a place to eat in my own neighborhood that I can afford as you can tell.  I refuse to eat at fast food places. One of the reasons I can't stand I hop is that I can taste all that fake butter they cook everything in. Nasty! I discovered Cafecito's scrumptious brunch, w cocktail under $11 not long ago.  I was delighted.  They do try to push another cocktail at regular price or dessert but you can always say no.  You should leave a fair tip though.  Dinner wasn't so pricey either at another time, it was filling and tasty.  Their plantains w garlic sauce are to die for.  I have a sensitive taste and know good food as I've always cooked from scratch for a child with multiple food allergies.  So I do hope that they keep their garlic sauce fresh made every day, because i will be going back for more. One time it tasted fresher than another but it's too soon to tell.  Their tres leches was fresh, I've made better but remember, I have the luxury of making the best but in all fairness it was a close second to mine and what I really care about is freshness which I have to say I didn't detect any stale flavor at all.  Their soups could use a bit more flavor, I've had better caldo gallego for lunch near my job.  The only disappointment was a lentil soup I picked up on take out one day;  $9 and all it had was a small chunk of beef.  For $9 on take out in a small container I expect a few healthy chunks of meat OR bring the price down. Because I would only pay no more than $5 for a small lentil soup w no meat on take out, I definitely won't be ordering that any more. The only other thing that I'm wondering about is their B grade. I vowed never to eat at an establishment that isn't an A but that brunch and cocktail and those plantains keep calling me.  So I made an agreement with myself.  I'm going to patiently wait until they get rated again, hoping that they're working towards that A and that they do me proud because I'd like to make this establishment my very own affordable eatery in my own neighborhood. One more thing, their mojitos are fantastic, they're definitely not skimping on the liquor, it's perfect. Edit to add:  I found this link which gives information about the letter grades. nytimes.com/interactive/… Apparently Matilda had more serious problems that include vermin and roaches and a lot of other violations while Cafecito was cited for  flies, lack of proper temperature of food and siphoning.
