I wasn't sure whether it was the jazz music singing to me in the background, the old fashioned tin ceilings and the chocolate brown hardwood floors, or observing all of the names and initials etched in our butcher block table; but this restaurant felt very comforting, uplifting and "old New York" to me. Corner Bistro's food menu is simple: Burger, cheeseburger, grilled chicken sandwich, BLT, chili, and French fries. The full bar menu, on the other hand, is much more extensive. Susan and I each started with a cider beer and split a custom order of chili-cheese fries (I say "custom" because chili, cheese, and French fries are all on the menu, but they aren't offered as the combined greasy masterpiece which I ordered) as an appetizer to our Bistro Burgers ("Bistro" is the addition of cheese and bacon). The cider beer was cold and the chili cheese fries were a hot mess (in a good way). Thin, McDonald's size French fries, were piled on a plate and topped with American cheese slices and doused with homemade beef chili. Pasteurized-processed cheese is normally something that grosses me out to the point of avoidance (except when used in grilled cheese sandwiches), but it worked well with this dish because this type of cheese is creamier than other varieties, such as cheddar. Plus, the chili was piping hot, allowing the processed product to melt seamlessly over the fries. (Oh, who knows, maybe I'm just trying to console my inner "white trash!") Our Bistro Burgers arrived on small, 6" diameter paper plates similar to those that cake used to be served on at childhood birthday parties. Fresh iceberg lettuce, a thick tomato slice and white onion graced one half of the bun, while the thick beef burger patty topped with melted American cheese and bacon graced the other. After a sprinkle of salt and a lather of ketchup, I united the sandwich together and took my first bite. Fitting my mouth around the burger wasn't easy, but I was determined to taste every element, from the bottom bun to the top bun. Susan and I must have been silent throughout our entire meal. I was so entranced by my Bistro Burger, that I was speechless. The fresh hamburger buns must have been buttered and grilled prior to the addition of ingredients, because they held their shape beautifully. The beef patty had a crusty, perfectly seasoned and salty exterior giving way to a velvety medium cooked interior. The crunch from the lettuce, onion and bacon was a welcome textural and flavorful contrast to the soft bread, meat and melted American cheese. All in all, a perfect cheeseburger. *Something to note when dining at Corner Bistro* CASH ONLY
