I can't remember when the first time I was exposed to Red Onion sandwiches.  It had to be while I was interning for the Church Street Marketplace.  This pedestrian   street grew on me during this internship mainly because although it was just three miles from my birthplace, it was an area unexplored by this mini Magellan until I reached the college years. I can't call The Red Onion a deli, a sandwich shop or a sub store because of my fear that someone is going to associate to a Subway.  It may better be described as a coffee shop meets your grandmother's kitchen but looks like your buddy's college apartment.  If that doesn't conjure a picture in your head, it's not supposed to because chances are you have never had a Red Onion experience before.  It is noticeably different the second you open the door, a seemingly refurbished door that would be more likely lead to a living room of large Victorian, not an eating establishment. Once through this rustic gate-keeper your first impression won't be visual but of smell.  Freshly baked bread with notes of fresh grains and oats quickly overcome any frustration of finding a parking place anywhere nearby.   Now, listen up.  Listen to the difficult decisions that await you.  You'll need to know these or they will hit you all at once sending you into a furry no unlike the snowy formations that gather outside of the Red Onion windows in winter.  Breads: Rosemary Garlic, Honey Oat, 9 Grain, Wheat, Sourdough, French Bread; Meats: The usuals and all meats are slow roasted on the premise.  Toppings, Red Onions (of course), Sprouts, Green Apples. Cheeses: Way too many to list but by far my favorite is the smoked maple cheddar.   First of all, any person that combines green apples and cheddar with premium meat should be called an artist not a sandwich maker. In my opinion, combining the red onions, the maple smoked cheddar, and granny smith apples and fresh bread that is always cooked that morning are what make these sandwiches a delight, no, an indulgence.   Red Onion is a diamond in the ruff and an eatery that this guy really misses.
