This is definitely one of those local, authentic, off the beaten path Italian places that has an interesting menu with delicious food. With Italian restaurants a dime a dozen on SI, this is a welcome place to try very authentic dishes prepared by true Italian nonnas. This is such a cute and different concept. The menu changes daily based on the Nonna from Italy who will be cooking for the night. Our nonna hailed from Palermo, Sicily and she did a great job! Reservations are recommended (5, 7 and 9 pm were available presumably because the meal may take approx 2 hours so they book guests within those time frames), especially for the weekend, but we visited on a Thursday and they were taking walk-ins. The space is tight so I can only imagine how busy it is on a weekend. Anyway the food is delicious, staff is very attentive and the atmosphere is fun with nonna cokking not far from guests. We started with focaccia bread service with three sides (artichoke, mushroom (I think) and another) and Polpette (4 meatballs) which were unbelievable with the sauce being a standout. We actually were offered extra bread for dipping- yes, please! For a drink I ordered the Prosecco which was crisp and delicious. Our entrees included the Pappardelle Capricciosa (red pepper, zucchini, garlic, oil, and cilantro (not listed, but there was alot of it)) and Vitello alla Pizzaiola (Veal cutlets in sauce with cauliflower). Both were excellent and very tasty. My husband practically inhaled the veal it was so good. For dessert we had Fundata di Cioccolata (chocolate fondue with brownies, fruit and biscotti (missing from our plate)). This dish included a small plate of cooled chocolate for dipping. The fruit and brownies were good, although I'd wished the chocolate was a bit warmer as I'm used to with fondue. A couple of things: 1) As this restaurant is located in St. George (very close to the ferry), parking may be difficult before 7pm and many streets are metered and/or are off limits until 6 or 7pm; 2) as mentioned, reservations should be made as this is a small space and can only accommodate so many people. That said the staff is very accommodating and nice without being "in your face." We tried Enoteca out for our anniversary and the prices are on par with other upscale Italian restaurants, but I hope to get back here for just a nice night out!
