I've been looking forward to Sunday evening all week. My fiancee and I have been planning on Bouley dinner for our "Holiday Treat"...  All week, I've been carefully studying the menu, too. The biggest dilemma was, tasting menu or a la carte?? And of course, I wondered how was I going to Yelp this place?? (How was I going to describe the food? The experience? And *gasp* God forbid, what if I didn't like Bouley??) There's already so many reviews (good and bad) and well, I wanted my review to be thoughtful and insightful, too. But at this point, I'm just going to gush about how much I love Bouley! I love food. I love eating. I eat out a lot. (My credit card bill list usually looks like the Yellow Pages section for restaurants!) But, it's not everyday, you get top DINING EXPERIENCE like one does at Bouley. A Michelin 2 star restaurant! Yes, the food is WONDERFUL. You get to try some amazing culinary creations that border on at genius level. I felt like I was one of the panel judges on Iron Chef! (Which is my dream job, actually.) I was excited at the sight of the infamous bread cart and my mouth started watering as soon as I walked in! It could have been the apple scent that greeted us or something but my appetite kicked up a notch. The restaurant is so romantic, on top of that. Gorgeous decor... Loved the barrel ceiling, so old European! I felt bad for my fiancee because he got the view of the wall... But, then, someone's gotta take one for the team! There were so many beautiful and rich looking people, I almost felt out of place but hey... as they say, When in Rome... Anyway, the service was phenomenal. I could really get used to service like this! I ended up getting the tasting menu and was very pleased. One thing that did mar my experience is that they didn't have pork on the tasting menu. And half the time, I gazed longingly at the organic pork that was sitting two tables away. Next time, I'm getting the pork! Overall, I highly recommend Bouley. It is one of my favorite places for high end dining in NYC. (Right up there on my list with Gary Danko's in SF and Charlie Trotter's in Chicago.)
