***3.5 stars*** It's affirmative action week in the borough of BK. "Dine in Brooklyn" specials run through April 2, 2009 featuring 3 course dinners for a mere $23.00! No RW deal in any city even comes close. It's like not only is it affirmative action week but you can redeem food stamps too. Applewood has been the talk of Park Slope for awhile but I wasn't chomping at the bit to trek all the way out there to drop $25 on an entree. But for $23 for 3 courses, I didn't have to think twice. Applewood is located on a quiet residential street and the restaurant itself is quaint and modest. The theme is New American, farm fresh (cha-ching!), organic (cha-ching!$$$), hormone-and-antibiotic-free-and-humanely-treated meats, (ring that cash register!!!$$$), menu changes daily, all that jazz. I don't care about all this new-fangled holistic food junk - just make sure it tastes good so I can't tell it's good for me or the earth. The bread guy came around and gave each of us two slices of bread - one white and one whole grain. Yeah, I exchanged my whole grain slice for another white one. I don't think my body can process whole grain. You could tell the bread was baked fresh but it wasn't warm or particularly tasty. It came with three spreads - salsa verde, french butter and a third garlic concoction. Meh. App: Pan Seared Maine Diver Scallops. There was an $8 surcharge for this app but I wasn't going to get the beet salad or the creamed celery soup. The two large scallops were golden on the surface and tender and sweet on the inside. It was served on a bed of some sort of black fungus - my best guess is that it was wood ear or something very similar. And there was a sweet potato puree underneath all that. Fantastic dish, best part of the meal. Entree: Sauteed Duck Breast. The dish was good but it wasn't very unique. The duck slices had undercooked centers which was good and the wine sauce was a nice complement. I didn't care much for the bed of fancy sauerkraut underneath it. Although it did have bits of meat in it, it wasn't enough to cover the taste of the pickled cabbage. Dessert: Grannie's Apple Crisp. Yummy warm, sliced apples baked with a brown-sugary, cinnamon crust served a la mode. Vanilla bean ice cream makes everything tastes twice as good. I went against my yellow person ways this one time with the $8 surcharge bringing my total damage to $31. The scallop app is $14, entrees average $23 and desserts are $8 so $45. Still a deal. Our waiter was excellent - charming personality, cute and responsive. The only downside to the night was how hot it was in the restaurant. I'm always cold and for whatever reason I was in short sleeves and I was boiling. It's hard to enjoy dinner when you're sweltering. It wasn't until we were leaving 90 minutes later that it started to cool off. Would I come back? For me once was a good experience but it doesn't warrant return visits. I had a solid, satisfying meal but the dishes weren't very creative. I can get seared scallops and duck breast at so many other restaurants. If you're into the whole environmentally-responsible food movement or you love New American cuisine, then Applewood will fit the bill.
