Thanks to the Yelp Halloween Party in October at Senoritas, i was the winner of a costume contest..which allowed me to come back here thanks to a gift card! I was really excited about that well not because i won..but because i thought it was only fair i give this place a shot after having such a great experience the first time around. On  a Monday night, Senoritas was not packed at all, in fact it was very cozy. Me and my guest were served right away and instantly were brought out free salsa and chips. I was all smiles when i saw these come out because the salsa is really good. Its a great mix between sweet and savoury and even spicy. The chips were slightly warm which is always great in my book. My date got herself a margarita on the rocks, and she enjoyed it. She slurped it right down. I remembered how good the "Senorita's Shrimp Platter" was and insisted we get it. I really dig the sweet mango and pineapple flavour that covers the shrimp. Its deff a nice mix of a salad if you ask me. The shrimps, onions, and lettuce tasted nice on top of the tortilla chips. I also got the vegetarian quesdilla. it was basically one large one chopped up into little mini ones. They were packed with cheese and fresh hot veggies. at this point i was pretty full so i only had two. but overall, i really thought they were good. They also gave me a nice size amount of salsa and sour cream. My date got some type of veggie enchilada. They were two huge pieces with yellow rice on the side. she was really digging the rice. however the enchilada won because she would not finish that. leftovers for the both of us! this place is really big, with two floors and two bars...and also a separate section for eating...the decor is mexican and bright and really warm. The parking sucks. there is a shady, narrow lot on the side. not sure if this is for senoritas but I've parked here twice..its a pain to get out of honestly. but hey theres always side parking. i need to check out their happy hour sometime!
