My fiance's parents have been to Rex twice for dinner, and loved it, so when they wanted to have brunch with us I suggested we go there - especially since they take reservations and it's hard to get a seat for Sunday brunch last minute in Philly. We had the table right next to the window, which was really nice since the day was glorious outside, and were quickly given menus and soon had water and coffee/tea. After perusing the menu, we each ordered different plates: I ordered the roasted vegetable quiche with side salad, my fiance got their omelette filled with duck confit, chorizo, taleggio, sautéed spinach and onions, his dad got the cornmeal waffles with whipped mascarpone, and his mom opted for the shrimp and grits with a fried egg, roasted tomatoes, spicy cheddar sauce, and crispy pork belly. My quiche was a big let down - I've never seen a quiche so tiny and thin! Not to mention I had one piece of roasted onion and that was it - no veggies whatsoever. I make waaaay better quiche that are at least two inches thick and more flavorful. The side salad was an afterthought on a plate. *sigh* More of an appetizer size than an entree. But everyone else loved their dishes. I couldn't try his mom's shrimp and grits (shrimp allergy, grr), but her first bite made her pause and moan in delight, and the others really enjoyed their tastes as well. His dad really liked the waffles (his eyes lit up when the waitress identified the white blob as mascarpone), but I have to say the best dish seemed to be my fiance's omelette. IT WAS HUGE. HE even said it was too big, and my boy can EAT. The omelette was cooked perfectly, the sausage and duck confit were meaty chunks of heaven, and with the taleggio, spinach, and onions the whole dish was just scrumptious. And it came with an unnecessary side salad! I'm so happy he gave me more than one bite (esp since I needed it after that sad excuse for a meal). My rating reflects those last three dishes - they need to improve that quiche DRASTICALLY. But otherwise a wonderful place for brunch, which South Street desperately needed!
