It was the Philadelphia battle of the cheesesteak that our friends from out of town were seeking - how did Pat's and Geno's muster up toeach other?  What better way to find out then to compare them side by side?   We split up - two of us bought two steaks from Pat's, the other two of us brought two steaks from Geno's.  My friend and I, both of us Philadelphians, picked up the Pat's steaks and went over to Geno's to locate our visiting friends.  I had a fleeting thought about suggesting we eat on neutral territory, somewhere in between the two establishments, but our friends had ordered two Geno's cheesesteaks as well as cheese fries to add to our artery-clogging smorgasborg.  I shrugged the thought it away - we had more Geno's food than Pat's, it was a slow night, there were many, many outside tables available, and I figured we would eat somewhere discretely.  Apparently, I'll whole-heartedly admit, despite being in Philadelphia for many years now, I may have underestimated the animosity of the rivalry.  But, for the record (this proves vital later... apparently...) Pat's condiments went on Pat's steaks, Geno's condiments went on Geno's steaks. Scout's honor. We sat down to eat and we hadn't been eating for more than five minutes before a voice called out, "Hey... did you just put our cheesesteak in a Pat's wrapper?!??  Let me see that steak!!!!" We looked at each other, shrugged, but after a repeated demand, our friend obligingly went over the window with his Geno's steak in it's Geno's wrapper and showed it to him.  That seemed to satisfy them, and they quieted down for a little while. And then... well, historians debate whether either the battle of Vicksburg or Gettysburg was the turning point of the Civil War.  For this Cheesesteak War, the deciding moment hinged upon one highly processed, salty-but-sweet, tomato-based product.  Our visitors had left the ketchup off the Geno's steaks, leaving it up to us if we wanted it or not.  So, one of us went up to the condiment stand to get ketchup.  We then heard, "That is messsssssssssed up!! You're stealing our ketchup and putting it on Pat's steaks!  That is messed UP, man! Hey, look, man, they're getting our ketchup to put on Pat's steaks." We thought they were annoyed and ribbing on us a little bit, but nobody sounded or appeared extremely angry or upset.  "We're not," we tried to clarify.  "It's your ketchup going on your cheesesteak."  I thought to myself, "Even so, they can't really be serious about this paltry amount (maximum two tablespoons full) of ketchup."  Our comment initially didn't seem to make an impact, but after a few minutes there was a lull in the commentary.  I figured that was the end of that. And then someone said, "I can't believe it... The cops are here." "What?? No way... there's no way they called the cops on us!!!" I turned my head, and, lo and behold, there, in full Philadelphia police regalia, hands on his belt loops, is a policeman moseying up to our table.  At first he talks facing away from us, and for the first  few seconds I can't process what he's saying and if he's directing it to us or to the people behind us.  I just couldn't quite wrap my head around the fact that they CALLED THE POLICE over this.   "We got a complaint that you guys are causing trouble here.  They are saying that you're stealing from them, that you're being difficult, that you're causing a scene.  This is private property and they want you to leave the premises."  The list of accusations continued without interruption, without a pause for a response or a defense from us; our friend kept trying to get in a word in edgewise to give our account of the situation and to at least counter the accusation that we were "stealing their ketchup," but the cop continued to talk loudly over him for the next few minutes. Eventually, my other friend stood up and said, "Come on.  Let's just go.  Let's just go," in an attempt to diffuse the situation.  I stood up, and we started walking away, with my other friend still persistently, but not belligerently, attempting to explain our side to the police officer. As we were walking away, I was overwhelmed with a wave of anger.  From a logical, legal perspective, these horrid people were in the right - we were on their property, and they could kick us off if they wished. But to go to such levels to call the police??  To treat us paying customers so rudely when our biggest sin was to engage in the classic Philadelphia cheesesteak battle??  What a horrible business model, turning away paying customers who will now harbor a sense of ill-will towards Geno's. We weren't being belligerent customers; we were there sitting calmly and eating except when 1) we ordered 2) we were asked to show that we ordered Geno's steaks 3) we wanted ketchup. I've been a Philadelphian for seven and a half years now.  Many times, I've brought my visiting friends and tourists to Geno's.  I never will again.
