I'm a burger kind of girl and Umami is one of the better ones I've had. I actually eat burgers with a knife and fork often cause I'm weird and probably have OCD. But I couldn't wait to get my hands on my U-stamped burger. Partially due to the fact that we waited an hour and a half for our seats. I had a party of 6 and I was told the wait was 45 minutes. I mean, I would've been okay with waiting for 45 minutes, but I don't think Umami is worth an hour and a half. I was super annoyed that the estimate was sooooo off and that the guy that took our names down seemed to forget us. I mean, how can your estimate be HALF the time it actually was?? Ridiculous. After that, we were seated on the first floor. Contrary to some reviews I have read, the decor was pretty nice to me. Felt exactly like a burger place should, and was tidy and organized for what it was. Our waitress was awesome. Her name was Cat. She was all smiles and knowledge. We had a lot of questions cause it was our first time there, but she was super patient and very informative. Cat also gave us good recommendations for drinks and types of burgers. No rush at all, and she came around our table just enough. I had the Hatch burger, truffle fries, and the tropical green tea iced tea. The good thing with having a bigger party is that you get to munch off their foods too. So I also got to try the Truffle burger and sweet potato fries. All the burger meats were cooked to perfection. The recommended way to eat it is "medium rare," but when it came, it leaned more towards the rare side than the medium rare. The chefs really know what they are doing though, because it left the meat tender and juicy. It may look a little red, but it's safe to eat (don't quote me; I'm just basing it on the fact that I didn't die). If you are uncomfortable with rare meat, you might want to ask for it a little more cooked. Hatch burger came with green chili peppers that weren't really that spicy. It was a really good burger though. Worked really well with the American cheese. My truffle fries were also really good because the cheese was strong and covered almost every fry. My friend's order of truffle fries had a lot of solidified cheese on the bottom (mine wasn't like that) probably because she didn't touch her fries until she completely devoured her burger. My advice would be to pace yourself and don't scarf down your burger in six minutes. Enjoy the meat and soft bun, and eat some fries while they are hot. I think you will enjoy it more. I also had a bite of the Truffle burger. OMG that truffle cheese is amazing in the burger. I think both burgers are good, but I might like the truffle burger more. It's probably because I love cheese. The first sweet potato fry I had was amazinggg. But then after a few, it really got too sweet cause they really douse them in sugar. I prefer the truffle fries. The tropical green tea iced tea is REALLY REALLY light so you barely taste anything. It's just slightly sweetened water. I was okay with it, but I would pass on that and get like a soda or something. A waiter also offered us all their sauces in case we wanted to put some in our burgers. Since we had 6 people, they gave us two of everything (three sauces) in spoons. We mainly used them for our fries, because it took so long for the sauces to come that most of our burgers were gone. Our food came out in like FIVE minutes no joke, but the sauces seemed to take longer than our food. Definitely a plus for a short wait for food because customers are seriously hungry after waiting for seats. It may look pretty tiny, but it really fills you up. We couldn't even look at the dessert menu. It's good, but it's not worth the hour and a half. I would come back for a shorter wait though.   Prices are decent for burgers and fries. They also have a "trust us combo" which is a pretty good deal if you can let them choose everything for you. My friend's combo turned out pretty delicious. I think if I go back, I would be getting that. Actually, I just read some reviews that they have cheesy tots on a secret menu?! I have to go back. I
