So I was watching an episode of How I Met Your Mom and the episode was about the best burger in NYC and it had me craving a burger. Obviously Marshall's ultimate best burger place probably doesn't exist in the real world... I mean its television, right? Anyways I decided to at least try the random guy's suggestion on the show and go to Corner Bistro. Now with the name Corner Bistro I was expecting some high end over elaborate burger, with costumers drinking wine and asking for no buns! HA! Was I so wrong but so happy that this little burger/bar joint was so divey, down to earth, and DELICIOUS! The menu is simple: - Bistro Burger, which is a Bacon Cheese Burger (AMAZING!) Symphony playing in the background - Cheeseburger (Where's the bacon?) - Hamburger (Where's the cheese?) - Chicken Sandwich (who gets that at burger joint?) - BLT - Grilled Cheese (For those non meat eaters... head shakes) I got my burger medium and it was perfectly pink in the middle, juicy and meat-a-licious! I'm a small girl, so there's no way I got my mouth around the whole burger for an all inclusive bite. I know it's a sad feeling to never get an all in one bite. The burger itself is good enough for me, but we ordered fries. Honestly, you can skip those nothing special there. Maybe they can work on that... some delightful tater tots or fresh cut fries or even some onion rings, could be better but I won't hold it against them, I came for the burger. Bar: They have a $3 McSorley's Ale and Dark! Prefect to wash down the burger when you took too big of a bite or you're having meat sweats! It's a full service bar but they have very good priced drafts and bottles. I have no idea how much are the liquors, plus beer makes the tummy happy when combined with beer. Atmosphere: Divey, dark, and crowded at 8pm but dies down around 930ish (Tuesday). Nothing too fancy but a prefect after work spot, I LOVE IT! Service: The guys were all very nice, got the food out quickly and didn't interrupt us, and kept the beers full. Wow it's probably one of the better service experiences I've had in a while; the perfect balance of attention and consideration.
