The only great thing about honeygrow is the ordering system. Food is mediocre. I personally think it's overrated. It's literally just noodles or rice with some veggies and some kind of poignant sauce that gives the illusion of deliciousness... They put your food in a white to-go paper box which becomes very tightly packed with the food that it's hard to eat out of. It is also overpriced. All of this was fine until my one really bad experience. I ordered some noodle with sauce thing with the sauce ON THE SIDE. I like the sauce on the side because when I get the sauce all mixed in, it tends to be a bit too salty for my taste buds. BUT they messed up and put the sauce in the noodles. Cashier tried to rationalize with me saying that it's not that salty. Um, Excuse me, for ME it is, which is why I asked for the sauce on the side in the first place. Like, don't argue with me on something like this. You messed up. Anyway, they offered to re-make the whole thing; that would waste time so I ended up asking for extra veggies, instead to balance it out. Like any normal person with some common sense on cooking, I just expected the cook to put the green vegetables on TOP of the cooked meal, but she re-cooked the messed up order with the oil and everything, making the noodles completely clumped up together with a burnt-taste. While she was doing this, another cook (seemingly more experienced) yelled at her, "You just had to put the vegetables on top of the noodles. You didn't need to do that!" The cashier who closes the box in the front looked at the noodles and then looked at me like "wow, that looks really bad but I'm still going to give it to you.. sorry.." As expected, the noodles were pretty much not even edible. I was very annoyed that the employees could not properly communicate with each other to provide for customers' needs. 1) They messed up my order, defeating the whole purpose of the convenient screen order. 2) Cashier at front tried to argue with my taste buds. Hi, um, I've been here before and that decision to put the sauce on the side was formed based on my past experiences-thank you very much. 3) Other cooks knew what the girl re-cooking my food was doing wrong but didn't do anything to stop her. Just stood there and watched. 4) Second cashier saw that my food was completely non-edible, but chose not to say anything and closed the box and handed it to me. I used to like this place, but this day changed EVERYTHING. This not only wasted my time, but made my whole experience very very unpleasant. All I wanted was my noodles with the sauce on the side!!! I went home that day annoyed, and yes I am still holding a grudge for this day...(haven't gone back since). But if you don't mind the over-price and just want something quick to eat in the city, don't let me stop ya.
