I and the 4 other people in my party agreed that Umami Burger was worth the 2.5 hour wait. Just have someone from your party (or everyone) arrive 2-3 hours earlier than you would like to eat, put your name down and go to a nearby bar. They text you a link to a website where you can check how many parties are ahead of you and the anticipated wait time. EASIEST WAIT EVER. So everyone at our table tried the thin fries, truffle fries, tempura onion rings, smushed potatoes, the Original umami burger and the Truffle burger. Fries were nice and shoestring, although I think I prefer Spotted Pig's. Truffle fries get soggy. Tempura onion rings lack the crunchy, crispy onion ring fried battered shell that I love in onion rings. Smushed potatoes were... just potatoes...smushed. The sauces they put out on the table are great, especially the spicier ones; however, the umami ketchup is forgettable. All in all, ignore the appetizer menu unless you're starving and want something on the table as soon as possible. Now onto the burgers... All the burgers are medium rare- perfect and charred with a little U on top. The burger sort of falls apart in your mouth, crumbles away. As my friends put it, it literally melts in your mouth. The Original burger was good but there was a little bit too much tomato in my opinion. The parmesan crisp was a nice touch. The truffle burger- amazing. Rich. Truffle-y. Nice salty finish. Definitely the group's favorite. However, I only had half of it and was told that having the whole thing is a little too rich. Burgers are a bit on the small side, so if you're starving, you can probably eat 2. Since we waited for so long and had some parties unfairly sat before us, the hostess hooked us up with free desserts- ice cream sandwiches from The Good Batch. This dessert review will not be that great because it was kind of a blur at this point; I was undergoing major food coma as I had just had a late brunch Clinton St. Baking Company 4 hours before and combined with everything else I ate, I wanted to die at this point. We had the Double Chocolate Peanut Butter ice cream sandwich which sat between 2 chocolate stroopwafels. Now, I've long since been a fan of Dutch stroopwafels and their crispy outsides and gooey sweet centers. I don't think the stroopwafels in this sandwich contained the iconic gooey center of a classic stroopwafel- these were more like plain chocolate wafers. The second ice cream sandwich was paired between a chocolate chip cookie and something similar to Momofuku's compost cookie, but in the classic style of Umami, was more salty. That was delicious. All in all- easy wait, meh appetizers, great burgers, good desserts but then again who makes bad ice cream sandwiches?
