We've been here a few times over the years during our trips to Vermont and remember it to be a nice spot. We stopped in on New Years Eve for a nice, simple dinner and were not disappointed. The wait was an excusable 15 minutes, so we grabbed seats at the bar. The beer selection is what you'd expect for a decent-sized place: plenty of local brews, a few seasonals and the typical bar brands. The prices at the bar were a bit high, though I suspect that may be a touch of holiday pricing at work. Once seated we settled into a nice meal. Our waitress was prompt and courteous and welcoming to our son's request for changes to the nacho appetizer. I ordered the chicken fingers made with corn flakes and almonds and the three of us shared the two apps. The nachos were huge - a solid shareable snack. The use of Cabot Colby Jack cheese is a nice touch, but the salsa, while hot, was unremarkable. The chicken fingers were massive, but perfectly cooked. The mustard sauce was just tangy enough to complement the breaking on the chicken. Our son ordered a wrap for his dinner. It was nicely put together but lacked anything worth noting. It was good - not bad, not great, just food. The fries are what you'd expect to get at most restaurants now: larger cuts with that flaky coating common of restaurants. My wife had the lobster risotto, a special for the night. It was generous portion of perfectly cooked risotto with a light sauce. The lobster meat was served on a half-tail to be added to the bowl. It was plump and juicy, as you'd expect of lobster. The toasted bread served with the meal seemed a superfluous afterthought, though if you're given to wiping your bowl clean with bread, it makes sense. I had the meatloaf dinner. The menu said it was served with Yukon potatoes and seasonal vegetables - which I correctly predicted would be broccoli. The potatoes were a decent mashed potatoes with simple seasoning and just enough flavor. The broccoli was a touch under steamed. I ended up cutting up the broccoli and mixing it into the potatoes to create a better flavor all around. The meatloaf was perfect, however, with just enough crust on each slice to make every bite feel familiar and comforting. I generally don't like gravy on anything but this was an exception worth making. As for atmosphere, this is a friendly place right on Church Street that allows for people watching or a brief respite from the active hustle outside. We'll certainly be back.
