I've been here a couple of times and thought it ok, not great, but last night's experience was so ridiculously awful, I just had to write something. First of all, the chairs could not be more uncomfortable. I had to move my wallet to the front pocket and even then, it took a few minutes to find a comfortable position....and though not a waif, I'm certainly not a terribly large person. They feel so flimsy, it seems like they'll break. Really? Invest in some decent chairs! Also, the music is too loud and the lights are too low. The print on the menu is small, and with the lights so low, I could barely make out the menu. Ok...so here we go! Now the insanity begins. Our sweet waiter came over to take our order. We ordered the curry puffs and mussels and I got a Tom Yum soup with shrimp to start. We asked a few questions about a couple of entrees and then decided on those as well. About 6 minutes later, our entrees come out. What? Where are our appetizers? We tell the runner that we never got our appetizers. He whisks away the entrees. No apology from our waiter, who must have forgotten to put in the order for them. 20 minutes later, our appetizers and my soup arrive. So we waited a half hour for our correct food. Ok..not the end of the world. The soup was fine. I had better in Forest Hills a week ago. This was more watery and had a less concentrated flavor than the Forest Hills one. Still, it was fine. The curry puffs were very tasty...the only really tasty thing of the evening. The mussels...how to put this?...were disgusting. Literally 4 very large and not fresh tasting mussels on the half shell in a very bland soup. We were expecting a small pot of mussels with a little broth...as is the usual custom. This was bland soup with a few overly-fishy mussels. We sent it back. Our waiter was getting less sweet. "Have you had this before?" he asked. Uh, no, but does it matter? Then our entrees came. I don't know for sure, but I had hoped these were freshly made and not reheated from a half hour ago. I had the special pad thai in the egg crepe. It was ok, but a bit too sweet. There were the bad mussels again...pulled those out. And the shrimp were so overly cooked and dry, it was hard to chew them. Not happy. My friend's black spaghetti with seafood was a very small portion and had very little seafood in it. She wasn't happy. Hmmm...our microwaved entrees from before, perhaps? Well...at least we know we like the pumpkin flan for dessert, so there was still some hope for a decent end to this. Not. We ordered 2 of them...it was on the menu, staring at us lovingly. "I'm sorry" said the waiter, "we no longer have that." My friend went ballistic and asked to speak to a manager. The real reason she comes here is to get the pumpkin flan...and not to have it, especially during the Fall! The manager came over and politely told us the story...the chef who makes it worked at the Chelsea branch and that one closed...blah, blah. No hope of it coming back. Then take a marker and cross it off the menu!!!! We decided to order one kaffir lime pie to share. Out came this, this...thing. It looked fine. Why were we having trouble cutting off a spoonful of a lime curd pie? I tasted a bite. It was frozen...and this was not supposed to be. My friend almost threw the plate, but I started laughing. I told her to wait a few minutes for it to defrost. We did. I took another bite. Why was this still hard to cut. And then to chew. It was rubbery. It seemed the pastry chef (if you could call any person who could make something so dreadful a pastry chef) probably put 3x the amount of gelatin in this thing than he/she should have. it was an inedible lime flavored piece of rubber. We had them take it back as well. Our waiter wasn't speaking to us at this point. The only reason I'm giving this place 1 star is because of the tasty curry puffs and the fact that they did take the pie and mussels off the bill. However, I will never step foot into this disaster pit of a restaurant again. Adieu!
