I finally made it here! I have been meaning to eat here for a long time, and tonight I finally went. I was craving sushi, and didn't have a lot of time (Miya's usually takes a while), so we came here. After 7pm you can park on the street for free, which is convenient enough, but there's also a parking lot nextdoor to the restaurant on the State St. side. Immediately upon walking in, you'll see the hibachi tables, which looked like a lot of fun. Throughout our dinner, we could hear people cheering as their meals were tossed around on the hibachi grills. The ambiance is really nice, too. The lights are dim, with splashes of red and blue on the walls, and red cushions on the booth seats along the walls. We had hardly been sitting down for a minute when a waiter came to take our drink order and gave us some water. I got an Asahi and my friend got a lychee martini. My only complaint is that they didn't give me a glass with my beer. But I didn't ask for one, and I could have if it had been a big deal. I got miso soup and the garden salad as appetizers. The miso soup was lighter than I expected, but flavorful. I was expecting the salad to come in a small bowl, but it was actually on a big salad plate, so there was more salad than I expected. The greens were fresh and it wasn't just iceberg, and I really enjoyed the ginger dressing. Finally, the moment we (or you) were waiting for. I got the Philadelphia roll (salmon, cucumber, cream cheese), an eel and avocado roll, the much-talked-about avocado and peanut roll, and two pieces of tamago sushi. All the fish was very fresh, and I really liked that the rolls were not overloaded with rice. You could really taste the fish and the other elements. I thought about ordering some of the specialty rolls, but they were all really expensive. I think the cheapest one was $13. To top off my evening of gluttony, I got green tea ice cream for dessert - my favorite!! And then came the check. What a surprise!! All the sushi was 50% off!!! Even the specialty rolls! I don't know if that's something they do every night, but it was definitely a pleasant surprise. All in all, great service, delicious food, and I can't complain about half-price sushi!
