"THE MOST RELIABLE SIGN YOU CAN FIND AS YOU TRAVEL..." Once upon a time, in a land called 1960, conveniently located just off the interstate, there was a Holiday Inn.  Beneath the conspicuous flashing starburst and the green and yellow display of neon and tidy, slanted script, there was a drive-thru portico sheltering various two-toned, two-tonned hunks of Detroit steel with elaborate fins and chrome trim.  Inside, across the lobby from the front desk, beyond the Danish modern seating area, was the entrance to the restaurant and lounge.   Jones IS the restaurant and lounge at the Holiday Inn of 1960. It is refreshing for the weary wanderer to dine at Jones - a wonderland of flagcrete (formed into columns, planters, a bar, and a fireplace), vegetation, cozy booths, cradling chairs, soothing air conditioning, and vibrant yet restrained colors that won't tire your eyes.  The two times I have visited Jones, it was to briefly escape some unpleasant reality.  (Much like the people at the Holiday Inn in 1960, I imagine.)  I succeeded both times. From other reviews on Yelp, it is clear that the food isn't quite pretentious enough for a lot of the people who visit this establishment.  FLASH: If you're going to Jones expecting haute cuisine, you are going to completely miss the point of this restaurant, and you would do well to explore other eateries. For everybody else, the food is reliable, hearty, and plentiful, as it is in your mother's kitchen.  After a day of desired and undesired new sights and sounds, sometimes you simply want something familiar, even if it is only a meal.  For entrees, I can personally recommend the fried chicken basket.  The Thankgiving dinner is also delicious.  My dinner companion enjoys the meatloaf at Jones, and, on our latest escape, was presented with an extremely generous Cobb salad.  You will not leave hungry, and even if it's not the best food you've ever had, it probably won't be the worst, and it will certainly take you back to someplace pleasant that you know and love.  Thoughts of your home... away from home. Our waitress was extremely attentive and pleasant.  The music is decidedly not of the Holiday Inn 1960, but was very bearably modern.  I actually heard a couple favorites (Nada Surf's "Blonde On Blonde," Rogue Wave's "Lake Michigan," etc.). For the sake of comfort, give Jones a try.
