Who knew that Boerum Hill was such a happening place!  The energy at  Rucola is palpably youthful and enthusiastic.  Located in an historic building in Boerum Hill, the decor is homey and warm with lots of wood adding to its charm.  There are two large farm tables as well as regular tables and bar seating.  When we got there, the regular tables were all full, so my two companions and I opted for the farm table, something that I was initially somewhat ambivalent about, but wound up feeling like part of the two groups of young people (under 40) that were sitting next to us.   One would think that a menu with only four main entrees would be sparse.  In reality, the opposite is true.  With its choice of appetizers, cheese, meat, and vegetable platters, sides, and pasta, there is actually a great amount of choice both in foods and in eating styles (i.e. tapas, full meal, vegetarian).  The young women next to us opted for a selection of appetizers and sides, while my party opted for a more traditional meal, eager to taste the main courses. We were offered drinks just a little while after being given our drink and regular menus and we passed on the interesting-looking cocktails in favor of less adventurous beer, wine, and plain vodka and soda with lime.  The bar (and the restaurant itself) was full, and while we waited perhaps a little longer for our drinks than we anticipated, the people-watching made the wait more than tolerable.   Our appetizers came soon after our drinks.  The market squash salad was tops, and went well with our meat platter (Italian meats) which was quite generous. Our dinner choices were LI monkfish, Chatham cod, and duck breast.  All were cooked perfectly--i.e. the duck was rare but not too rare and both fish dishes were moist and appropriately flakey.  The flavors and textures were magnificent!  The LI monkfish was served on a bed of Farro (a wonderful grain) ,carrots and capers, and was well presented with thin slices of squash running across the top.  The Chatham Cod was accompanied with mussels, on a bed of chickpeas, and tomatoes, and was simple and delicious.  The duck was exquisitely and subtly flavored with just the right amount of cherries, and rounded out with swiss chard and pieces of turnip. The portions were quite appropriate. We shared the chocolate torte for dessert.  It was the perfect finish to a great meal, especially with the hazelnut brittle and whipped cream which accompanied it. A caveat to the old and grouchy:  If you don't like the enthusiasm and energy of the younger generation this is not the place for you.  The restaurant is noisy when crowded.  Also, the food is extremely fresh and cooked to order, and therefore wait tmes are appropriate to fine dining. However, if you're old (our party were all over sixty) and love to be infused with the energy of the young while enjoying fantastic food, put on your sneaks and run to this place! By the way, the prices are really reasonable and below what you would pay for an equivalent meal on Fifth Avenue in Park Slope.
