This place has only been open for 2 weeks, so scathing reviews are to be expected as the new place irons out all the "kinks". Unfortunately, staffing in this day and age is a difficult thing - finding reliable help is a challenge. Franklin Steakhouse seems to be experiencing that right now, which is why things seem like it's such a mess. I've been here twice, and the second time was better than the first - but several of the staff members were new hires.   I've never been to the other Franklin Steakhouse, but I've been to other steakhouses, especially during a sporting event -- and this place is no exception. Both times I went was during a Giants playoff game. I couldn't even hear myself think b/c people were screaming - but it was a fun, upbeat environment that anyone who is a sports fan would love. It was crowded, and a lot of people were just hogging tables for 3-4 hours to watch the game -- so there was a sizeable wait (we had gotten a table early in the game, so did not wait as long)....but that is normal for most restaurants of this type during major sporting events? The food that I had was typical bar fare (we went there for appetizers and to watch the game), but freshly cooked, and not overcooked. Portions were really plentiful for the prices. My friend and I shared appetizers (one week had Hotsy Totsy shrimp and spinach artichoke dip, the other week mozzerella sticks and coconut shrimp). Both of the shimp appetizers used good, large sized QUALITY shrimp that didn't have that "frozen" taste that a lot of restaurants have. The hotsy-totsy shrimp had a really tasty sauce on it, and the coconut shrimp a crunchy, flavorful coating and it came with soy and a sweet sauce for dipping. The spinach artichoke dip was creamy, chips fresh, and the mozerella sticks were crunchy and gooey on the inside the way they should be. I found the appetizer portions to be very generous, especially being that the shrimp were huge. The first week we waited a while, but the second week, we got our food right away. The one week one of the two other people we were with got a salad (don't remember what it was called, but had gorgonzola cheese and walnuts) - the lettuce looked fresh, and she let me taste one of the walnuts, which had like a sweet chili glaze on it, so it had a kick. The other person got a burger and fries. The burger looked good, though a bit overcooked for my taste (I like them on the rare side, my friend likes them well), but the fries were really good - they are the thin ones as opposed to the typical mushy steak fries sometimes served at a steakhouse. The next week, both of them got burgers -- we were told by the waitress that they had run out of rolls due to a higher than expected crowd, so the rolls used on the hamburgers were not the typical rolls, they were from Calandra's, so were a bit harder than normal as they were italian rolls. My friends said the hamburgers were still good. The onion rings that my friends ordered to accompany their burgers were REALLY GOOD! Fresh, hot, and crispy...and the onion was cooked enough that it didn't separate from the batter like normal, so you got both the batter and the onion ring in the same bite, which I like! We had coffee after our appetizers, which had a nice taste and wasn't bitter at all (I won't drink coffee if it's bitter at all, so I'm kind of picky). Can't comment on the dessert yet as we didn't have dessert - but the people next to us had lava cake and it looked really yummy! Will have to try desserts later on. Anyway, will leave another review later on when I've actually gotten to eat a MEAL at this place instead of just appetizers, but I wanted to leave a decent review for this place as I really think it's a fun place, that will definitely get better with time. I was approached twice by management, asking how things were, and the waitress asked a bunch of times. To Vincent's review of it being an all-girl staff...the first Sunday I was there, there were 2 male bartenders there, and a few male waiters. The waitress who served me Sunday (really nice), was saying how exhausted the 2 girls behind the bar were b/c they worked a double-shift both Saturday and Sunday due to the 2 male bartenders deciding not to show up for work all weekend. Needless to say, this place IS hiring for waitstaff and bartenders, male or female. I know from having friends in the restaurant biz - the hardest issue they have is staffing and finding reliable, professional people. Once this restaurant gets their issues worked out and finds a good, core staff. I guarantee you it will be a 5 star restaurant.
