Just returned from a "meal" at this highly touted restaurant.  After over three hours of waiting for our tasting menu, my friends and I left because the entree never arrived.  We waited over three hours.  I know that sounds like it's impossible, but that's what happened!  I mean, it was truly spectacular.  I really wanted to shake everyone's hand after it was over and say "congratulations, you did it!  You broke the record for the longest wait anyone has ever had at a restaurant!"   Should I have predicted the problem when it took them over an hour to deliver our first course, which was raw vegetables?  That's right, raw vegetables!  What did they do during that hour?  Perhaps each vegetable received an hour-long massage?  Really top-notch! For the last hour, our waiter kept saying "it will be here in 5 minutes".  I mean, the guy was just some kind of comedy genius!  I was really proud of him for all of the great jokes he pulled on us! And then, not satisfied with the complete failure to deliver our food, the management saw fit to comp us only the missing entree and one sake!  I mean, that is some real dedication to poor service!  High-fives all around!  You see, not only had we waited for over three hours (I know I've repeated myself on that point, but I will never cease to be amazed by it!), but not getting our entree also meant that we didn't get our dessert, for which we were charged!  They charged us for food they never brought us!  Didn't realize that cool fact until I got home, but now, man-oh-man am I ever in awe of this place! When we asked if we could just be brought everything all at once, rather than wait for the courses to be spaced out, the waiter said "of course!"  Ha!   To recap: $173 for half of a meal!  3 hours and 20 minutes wasted! Guys, if you go here, really hope that you go on an ON night, because whatever was going on in that kitchen tonight was a complete disaster that they were unprepared to handle, so instead they dealt with it like a band of honest-to-god morons!   I did not mention the music, which was, I kid you not, a mixtape of instrumental Xmas tunes and some kind of a capella music that mimicked very closely the sound of six autistic flutes having a very severe argument!  Never before has any place been so dedicated to being a replica of the waiting room to hell!  My kudos to Satan for designing so exquisite a torture!   I have never yelped before, even though I've lived in NYC for more than a decade.  But I couldn't possibly have let this evening's monument to disappointment pass without being recorded.   Congrats to everyone on a real great evening!
