Ah, Steven Starr.  I only wish I was here to review you as a businessman, because if I was, you'd earn 5 stars across the board. But the problem is, I am not here to review your business tactics as a person.  I'm here to review the level of satisfaction your business instills in me after I pump my own money into it.  The problem lies in the fact that your business tactics directly negate most satisfaction I stand to take away from any one of your establishments. Take El Vez, for example. You walk in and the decor is great.  Everything is inauthentically Mexicanized to the point where it's silly, but that's the point: it's a gimmick that makes you smile from the moment you walk in.  The tables are nice, the booths are HUGE, and the whole look of the place is fantastic. The food, however, leaves a lot to be desired.  It is a Starr place, after all.  The menu sounds really creative in a lot of places, but everything comes out of the kitchen tasting like Taco Bell.  Sure, the Mexican flavors are present,  but there is nothing there to make them jump off the plate.  They all just blend into each other and become bland.  (I must admit, the mahi-mahi tacos are exquisite, but one item just is not enough) The drinks, on the other hand, are well above average.  I'm not a margarita man myself, but I hear nothing but good things about those offered at El Vez.  I also try to steer clear of specialty cocktails if at all possible, but in a one-time momentary lapse in judgement, I bought El Diablo.  Honestly, without a doubt, it is the best cocktail I have ever had.  4 simple ingredients (tequila, hibiscus tea, cinnamon, and muddled orange) comprise it, and if left to an untrained bartender, they could ruin each other.  But something about the bar staff here gets it right, every time. Service is average.  The waiters/waitresses perform their duties as they should.  Not much above and beyond to be seen.   If you've never eaten in a Starr joint before, give El Vez a shot.  It may surprise you.  But if you've seen one, you've seen them all.  All I can encourage anyone to do is to idle up to the bar, order an El Diablo, and ignore any food offered.  I'll be right there with you.
