Heard the place had opened and dropped in for brunch this past Sunday (10.5). We ate outside and then decided to have a couple of drinks at the bar just to get the feel of the bar/dining room. The outdoor space is really pleasant. Shady, spacious, and the smell of the smoker gets this Texan tummy rumbling. Inside had a cozy vibe, with the fireplace and all. They've created plenty of seating around the edges of the room, but there's lots of space between seating and the large, horseshoe-shaped bar, so it seems like on busy nights they'll be able to accommodate a large crowd without being crowded. There's also a front room, which is quite large and very nicely decorated, but I'm having trouble figuring out exactly what they've got in mind for that room. There's not a lot of seating, and I didn't notice a stage/music area... guess we'll wait and see. Overall, though, the place is well put together and inviting, and its large windows keep it beautifully bright and well lit, so there's finally a spot nearabouts for a couple of beverages in the afternoon that don't have you stepping outside dazed and blinded (ahem, Lincoln Tavern). So in terms of atmosphere, it's a GREAT addition to the neighborhood. The food, considering we were there for 1st brunch, was quite good. We had the wings to start, and they were cooked perfectly, juicy with crisped skin. The sauce was a bit sweet for my taste, I always tend to spicy, but that's just a matter of preference. That said, I would *prefer* it if there was a spicy sauce as good as the sweet sauce. I had the caponata sandwich, which was delicious, and my wife loved her omelette. Then we had the stone-fruit pie that they'd brought in from a local bakery and it was super-good. Had a great experience with service as well. Our waiter was nice and attentive, despite having quite a crowd on his hands and a brand new menu to work with. The bartender was very friendly, chatty without being intrusive, and worked hard to be welcoming. TL;DR- Extremely happy to have this place in the neighborhood.
