I am a sucker for "mom and pop", "hole in the wall" joints.  Yes, ambiance and atmosphere have their place but when I am looking for good hardy grub, those requirements fall by the wayside. First and foremost, if you don't speak Spanish, you will be at a disadvantage.  I am an adventurous eater so I don't let a little language barrier get me down but if you are a person easily fazed when out of your element, bring a Spanish speaking friend.  Some of the waitresses speak some English but on my second trip there, the waitress spoke no English.  However, the staff try really hard to work with you.  Don't pull that speaking English at the top of your lungs crap, it won't work and will not get you any closer to a hot meal.  I did a lot of pointing and worked my best high school Spanish, which was sad and pathetic to say the least but in the end, I was able to put my order in with no problem.   The food is served cafeteria style.  By that, I mean its all behind glass, you point to what you want, they dish it up, reheat it and bring it to your table.  My friend ordered a stewed steak dish which came with rice and bean, I got an oxtail entrée which came with rice and beans, 2 passion fruit shakes (which kicked ass) and a Cuban sandwich to go for 25 bucks.  HELLO can I get an Amen! The menu changes everyday.  On our second trip, my coworker and another friend both order the stew, which was slap your mama good.  I ordered the stewed pork ribs which was fantastic but required some work due to having to eat around rib bones.  We had our choice of rice and beans, I got the black rice, Ahmad got rice with red beans and Bruce got the rice with the pigeon peas.  Again, we order two shakes, and a diet Coke...all for 27 bucks!!!  They had a nice looking shrimp dish available that looked dynamite but cafeteria style shrimp just seemed kind of dodgy to me, so I passed.   Pro: Good, cheap food, super-duper fruit shakes, nice wait staff Con: English is limited, can be a little on the salty side, the rice can be a little dry from sitting out cafeteria style
