PJ's sits a stone-throw away from the ivy-covered walls of Princeton University...it is nestled next to small, boutique style shops along Nassau Street.    As other fellow yelpers have noted, there are better diners in the Central Jersey area but none happen to sit across what has recently been named "America's Most Beautiful College Campus". Most recently, i stopped in on a Sunday (12;30 pm), when the rush had died down.  It was sunny and warm, so I walked next door to Panera Bread to get my guest and I some lemonade to pass the time. We waited for about 15-20 minutes. By the time we left the diner, it was 1:45 pm and there was no wait.   Our tab was $25 (not including tip). I'm a french toast fiend and  PJ's were nicely grilled topped with a perfect dash of Cinnamon. I shared a side of 2 scrambled eggs---buttery and fluffy, and side of smashed browns potatoes, should be more appropriately named, shredded pottatoes. I can't pinpoint the condiment, but the potatoes had a hint of seasoning, which tasted very nice.   PJ's menu offers standard diner options, with emphasis on pancakes; i counted about 15 different styles. They serve 5 pancakes per plate and portions are large enough to share. In addition to fancy blueberry or spicy apple pancakes, they offer old-fashioned buttermilk and silver dollars. It serves breakfast all day long, with lunch/dinner menu after 11 am.   Service was friendly, but this is around noon   Please note the line out the door is not an indication of Michelin-star quality, but rather practicality. PJs lacks waiting area inside the restaurant. The place probably seats no more than 50-60 tops, hence the velvet rope-like access on weekend mornings.  Also, price point ($10-15 pp) is popular for those unwilling to pay $20 pp at  more formal restaurants in Princeton.   Bottom line: I've always had a good experience with french toasts at PJ's.  If you are going to visit campus during the school year (Sept-May) be forewarned as the wait time could be about 30-45 min.  PJs is near 3 churches and a prominent school...be prepared to wait between 10 am -1 pm on any given Sunday.
