It's easy to miss this place as you're walking by since the place is so small. There's only one bar with around 10-12 stools I think? Hi-Collar feels really classy but is totally affordable. My friend and I came here at around 12 pm on a Sunday and the place was completely empty. More people came in to eat at around 1:30 pm. The food and coffee menus are a bit limited but that just makes choosing what to order easier. I had the Mizudashi iced coffee and the Katsu Sandwich. I'm pretty sure the Mizudashi iced coffee is my favorite iced coffee so far. I added half&half and some sugar syrup but the coffee overall was sweet and refreshing. As the description says, it had a deep flavor without bitterness or acidity. The Katsu sandwich was great and came with a small scoop of egg salad. The pork wasn't too dry and the tangy sauce and pepper had a good balance of flavor. My friend got the Shokudou Lunch Set and they even gave us an extra bowl of miso soup so I could try some. The set included miso soup with enokitake mushrooms, a sour plum, a dish of seaweed and ginger (not sure since I didn't try it but my friend said it was sour), and the main dish which has beef, egg, and tofu. The main dish was delicious but a tad salty so definitely eat it with rice. We were also given a small dish of canned oranges and peaches with cream. My friend and I were surprisingly very full after our meal but we still had some room for dessert. We shared the seasonal fruit parfait which had mango and cantaloupe with vanilla ice cream and pound cake. It was very refreshing but not overly sweet. Overall, I'll definitely be back to try more of the coffee and lunch items. I'm in love with the overall laid-back atmosphere and the classy decor. Also definitely coming back at night to try the bar. We took a look at the drinks menu and most of it was just romanized Japanese. On top of the menu they wrote that they did that on purpose to encourage conversation with the bartender (which I thought was pretty cool of them to do).
