CHEESESTEAK WAR - Geno's vs Pat's We took a long road trip from Atlanta to Maine, making stops all along the way at places I've been wanting to try for years. Everything from authentic NY pizza and pastrami to authentic Maine lobster rolls were preset into my GPS navigation.  Well, I don't know how I could call myself a food lover and not have an authentic Philadelphia cheesesteak from the two originals, so on this trip I rectified that! I've never been to any of the states north of the Carolina's on the East coast and decided last year we are going to curtail our preferred mode of vacationing (cruises), to spend more time touring all the great places we've been missing around our own country. After all, our boys are getting older and there is only so much time we have left before they might not think it's cool to hang out with us... LOL ~~~~~~~~~~ THE EXPERIENCE I was a total tourist during my visit to Pat's. Taking pictures, laughing with locals and hamming it up with the kitchen staff. It may just be my personality, but we don't generally have problems with people. I've read a lot of reviews about the staff both here and across the street @ Geno's being rude, even saw it on a Food Network show. However, they were fantastic with us. My excitement to be there must have been infectious because they even came out to take pics and cracked a few jokes. As usual with touristy places, you are bound to run into others who came a long distance just to try them. We ran into one couple also doing a steak comparison and had just finished their first steaks @ Geno's. They made for an enjoyable conversation as we shared our crazy food adventures. It always make me feel better to know that I'm not the only person in this world that travels for food ! ~~~~~~~~~~ THE CHEESESTEAK I HATE Cheese Whiz. It is a violation of basic food decency and have been repelled from any establishment that even suggests putting it on my food. So when I found out Philadelphians prefer it, I made it up in my mind I would give it a try so as to have the most authentic experience possible. Under protest of course, because the backup plan was to throw it away if I didn't like it and order another with provolone, the cheese of the food gods!!! I was stupefied at just how amazing whiz can taste on a Philly cheesesteak. Not in a million years would I have guessed I would love it as much as I did. But then again it could simply be the way Pat's blends it with the meat. It's not just poured on top as I expected. No, it's mixed into the blend of beef and onions during the cooking process, setting of an orgy of deliciousness. I'm a Chicago native. The meat in our cheesesteaks is much more finely diced, almost to the point of looking like ground beef, which is how I prefer my cheese steaks.  Pat's does not chop their beef up nearly as much, but it is certainly more finely chopped than its rival Geno's for sure. It make the sandwich easier to eat, more tender and in my opinion, creates a more balance flavor between all the ingredients. Most people mistake the finer chop for a lesser quality meat, but nothing could be further from the truth. I'd be willing to bet the meat each uses probably comes from the same vendor. They just slice and season it differently. ~~~~~~~~~~ FINAL THOUGHTS Food is a personal experience not always based on how good something actually is, but how good it is in comparison to other life experiences. It may be tied to memories with loved ones or a bad experience with a past relationship. Whatever subjective feeling you have, no one can really take away how the inner you reacts to it. As for me, Pat's was probably the singular most soul satisfying meal I had during my entire three week vacation up the East coast. Took me back, way back to simpler days. I love food (all food) but you should know by now I'm not fancy. If I were food, this sandwich is truly me on a plate. My eyes rolled back in my head as my taste buds screamed 'Don't stop, git it, git it!'   Winner - Pat's. SIDENOTE: See my review for Geno's to get the comparison between the two.
