Spice Thai restaurant is a hole - in - the - wall joint cramped with tables, serving the best Thai food I've ever had. I wish I could say that I've explored the full menu, but I can't stop ordering the same items. I always order steamed chicken dumplings and duck rolls as an appetizer.  The dumplings are these little pockets of dense flavorful chicken,  topped with little peices of crispy garlic (which I could eat by the spoonful!), and served with a tangy, savory sauce that bring all the flavors together. The duck roll is served as little medallions and can (kind of) be compared to an eggroll. The chef takes crispy, seasoned fried duck and rolls it in a eggroll-like wrapper with cucumber and scallions, fries it, and then garnishes it with fresh cilantro and a sweet hoisin sauce. I usually order the appetizer platter or their Pad See Eiw for my meal and my fiancé always gets their Thai Fried Rice. The appetizer platter comes with Thai style Spring Rolls, magical little Curry Puffs, crispy Coconut Shrimp, Chicken Satay with a creamy savory peanut sauce, and a couple more of those wonderful Chicken Dumplings. The Pad See Eiw is the best possible kind of sticky black bean sauce with soft, chewy flat noodles, seasoned meat, and crunchy, super-fresh chinese broccoli. Their fried rice is an odd combination of savory, satisfying,  and slightly sweet.  It is simple with just chicken, egg, onion, carrot, and rice; but the seasoning makes the dish. I could eat a mountain of it! Those are my standbys, but when I am sick, I go here and get Tom Yum Soup. When I was in college, my roommate introduced this soup to me as a Thai cure-all (like we have chicken noodle soup). I found out then that she was right. No matter how sick I feel, this hot and spicy lemongrass soup makes me feel human again. Spice 's Tom Yum opens up all of your senses: it is a beautiful red and yellow color; it smells like heaven and definitely clears your sinuses; has enough flavor to cut through the muddled feeling of being sick, without having any one flavor overwhelm the others; the textures of the soft, meaty mushrooms and still-crisp onions is perfect in combination with the bright lemongrass, citrus of lime juice, and spice from the chilli. I can't say enough about how great this restaurant is. It is always packed, you definitely need a reservation on weekends and most weeknights, so you can tell how much the community has embraced traditional Thai food.  Also,  the staff is wonderful;  from the owner to the chefs to the server and cashier, everyone is accommodating, kind and very passionate about great food. Definitely worth a visit from Guy Fieri and Triple D. If only they would check it out! !!
