Some friends from Chesley invited us to dinner at Maysville!  I was super excited to try the neighborhood restaurant that everyone was talking about.  We walked in and were promptly greeted by the hostess and were seated in the back room.  Server, Ernest, was super polite, professional, and worked hard to ensure we had a good experience. Dining Summary:  Food is creative and delicious.  Service is good. However the restaurant needs to significantly improve the execution of the food delivery.  This restaurant could easily become my favorite restaurant in New York. To start the meal, they deliver mini popovers with salted butter.  The popovers were delicious, hot and satisfying!  Grade:  A-. We ordered two appetizers for the table.  First was the Crispy Grits Country Ham & Bourbon Aioli.  The dish came with 6 cubes of grits that were deep fried and topped with prosciutto-style ham.  Served with white aioli sauce.  This dish was creative and fun to eat!  Delicious!   Grade:  A- yelp.com/biz_photos/mays… Our second table appetizer was the Smoked Whitefish Mousse (Trout Roe & Toast).  The dish was fun to look at.  It was a small pickling jar filled with trout mousse that was topped with trout roe, and accompanied by 6 pieces of toasted / grilled bread.  The trout mousse tasted a bit like a high-class canned tuna.  Grade:  B yelp.com/biz_photos/mays… My main appetizers was Fluke Tartare (Horseradish, cucumber & lemon).  This dish was bright, tart, spicy, and delicious!  It was a nice serving of tartar topped with panko crumbs.  What I liked best about this dish was that it had very fresh and vibrant flavors that just popped you in the mouth!  Well created and executed!   Grade:  A+ yelp.com/biz_photos/mays… For my entree, I ordered Duck Breast with Apricot, snow peas & fresh chickpeas.  The dish was served with three very large generous chunks of duck.  The duck was cooked to perfection - crispy skin out the outside, and dark pink flesh meat.   Unfortunately, my dish was served almost cold, so the flavors tasted fatty.  The concept was beautiful, but the snow peas and chickpeas tasted very (raw) and it was difficult to eat.     Beautiful dish, but it was cold (probably because it was sitting around) which made this dish a fail.   Grade:  C.    (Concept = A-. Execution = D.) yelp.com/biz_photos/mays… For dessert, we ordered the Strawberry Granita.  Delicious.  It was a serving of strawberry ice that was sweet from the strawberry and salty.  Served with chopped mint.   Visually beautiful and fun to eat because of the contrast from the swet and salty (more salty).  Grade:  A-. yelp.com/biz_photos/mays… There were several things that got me frustrated during my dining experience.  First, my pre-dinner Mint Julep was served in a cocktail glass that was frozen on the outside of the glass.  I picked up the drink for my first sip, and the glass literally slipped out of my hand and spilled (I had not been drinking before).  The waiter said he saw that problem before.  Why not fix the problem?   We ended up paying for a second replacement drink, despite the problem not really being our fault. Secondly, the seating in the restaurant is VERY close together.  Because we were in the back room, the chairs were touching back to back.  Servers kept on bumping my seat (my pet peeve during a meal) or asked me numerous times to move my chair in so they could get to the back table (my chest and stomach was literally touching the table).  It was a constant interruption to our conversation. This restaurant has great food.  Period.  The service staff work very hard.  Period.  But the execution and timing of this restaurant needs major work.  Our drinks came fast, within 5 minutes.  Our appetizers came fast, within 15 minutes.  But our dinner entrees took 30-40+ minutes to come after they immediately cleared our appetizers plated.    And, when the food arrived, it was cold.   We ordered coffee and dessert.  Coffees came out within 5 minutes.  Desserts took another 15 - 20 more minutes to arrive at the table.  There was adequate coverage of servers and waiters on the floor, so I'm guessing that the bottleneck came from inside the kitchen.  I really wish I could have enjoyed my duck entrée a bit more, but because it was cold, it was very unappetizing. Food Grade:  B (Would have been an A if the main entrée was delivered hot and didn't take as long). Service Grade:  B- (Would have been an A if the courses were better timed. Ernest was good). Worth the Money Grade:  B Overall Impression Grade:  B- / B
