Paulie Gee's could be good for some people. For me, it veers too sweet and too greasy without the requisite balance of salt, tart/fresh, bitter, or spice. I'll take the Anise and Anephew as an example. It's a white pie, so there's no tomato base to provide tartness and fresh mouthfeel. There's a lot of mozzarella that goes on it - and I looooove the fresh cream taste of mozz! The problem is that there's a LOT of mozzarella and then the pizza is put over the top by the cream. The cream just melted into soupy butter when it hit the hot pizza, and on top of that there was guanciale, which melted into a layer of lard - basically it was a pool of cheese and melted butter and lard. For some reason the guanciale didn't have enough salt to balance out the fatty oily puddle - I think prosciutto would have worked better. I love me a good greasy pool but only if it's balanced out! The roasted fennel was slightly sweet, it was seasoned only for itself and therefore did not have enough salt for the entire 'za. The fennel fronds were sparse and did not provide any herbiness or fennel aroma. Maybe bruising it will help release some flavor. The dough is fine but doesn't have as much of a chewy pull as Keste, Forcella, Don Antonio, or Motorino. I don't think I'll be back at Paulie's. If I want creative, I say go to Motorino - they balance the flavors so that you don't feel like your mouth is coated with oil (e.g., chewy lean clams and lemon for the oreganata butter; bitter charred brussels sprouts and salt for their white pie). If I want classic, any from the above list is excellent. *Note: Paulie Gee himself came and asked how everything was, and when I said, "hhm, it was...okay...," he told me I should speak up and they could make me another pie. But 1) I had told the waitress the same comment of "eh, it's ok," but her reaction was a wide smile and thumbs up. I don't think she was prepared for a lukewarm reception; 2) who asks for a whole new pie?! I won't be able to stomach getting the stinky eye from all the pizzaolos and the waitstaff while I sit/eat/pay the bill, knowing I'll be the "remember that girl that sent her food back?!" anecdote for the rest of the week. To a certain extent it is the diner's right to send stuff back (such as, if there's something unsanitary), but there's a line where you're just being an ass. So...not really a viable option.
