Salinas is a great DatePlace.  It's beautiful, cozy (the garden has a fireplace!), and the staff is so warm and welcoming.  We were greeted with a smile by every person we encountered and the chef came out at one point to ask how everything was.  The prices are reasonable (our bill was a little under $120) and the food is amazing.  We were there for a special preview so the restaurant wasn't quite ready to be open to the public, but I'm pretty sure their official opening is this weekend.  If you're in the area, make yourself a reservation; you won't be disappointed. Appetizers Their tapas menu was split into two categories: Seasonal at the bottom and I suppose year-round at the top.  The dishes ranged from light fare like marinated olives and soup to heartier dishes.  Josh and I are big eaters, so we ordered the Bacon-Wrapped Quail and Mussels Marinara (I don't remember the actual Spanish names of the dishes).  The Mussels were absolutely perfect.  The marinade was light and just acidic enough to complement the dish, with a perfectly-seasoned tomato-flavored base.  The Quail was outstanding--easily one of my favorite things I've eaten all year.  It consisted of roasted, bone-in quail pieces, wrapped in bacon, served with slightly roasted plums & apples, quartered, with the skin on.  The addition of the fruits with the fattiness of the meat was a great touch. Main Course Everything looked so good!  Our waitress explained her favorites--a salt cod dish and a toasted pasta dish--but we went with our first urge and ordered the Chicken Breast and the Strip Steak.  The Chicken was served with seasonal greens, white beans, and I'm sure I'm missing some others.  It was prepared perfectly and the chicken was the juiciest chicken breast I have ever had.  I've never had a chicken breast melt in my mouth and it was amazing.  The Strip Steak was a huge portion with just the right amount of seasoning and cooked right to my specifications--medium well with a proper amount of pink the center.  The dish came with fingerling potatoes and seasonal greens and I also ordered a side of asparagus to round it out.  Again, all prepared perfectly and halfway through the year, it's the best steak I've had in 2011.  The portion size was such that the diners next to us asked what I'd ordered and commented on how hearty the amount was.  You will definitely not leave hungry. Dessert Creative desserts are hit or miss.  I find that restaurants who don't specialize in dessert but in turn try to come up with treats as inventive as their savory fare tend to miss the mark with dessert.  Not so at Salinas.  We ordered the French Toast with Brandy Gelato and the Warm Chocolate Cake with Berries and Banana Whip.  The French Toast is an assault on all of your senses.  The presentation is beautiful and it smells amazing.  The toast is soft and moist, topped with a crunchy, caramelized sugar.  The gelato melts into the toast, so every bite is a mixture of soft and sweet, hot and cold.  The Chocolate Cake isn't quite as rich as the French Toast.  The cake itself is only semisweet, topped with a dark chocolate glaze or syrup.  The whipped bananas in the center of the plate work much better in execution than in words: it's light and fluffy and sweet and with just the right amount of banana flavor.  Rounding off the dish, sweetened strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries (or blackberries...) add texture and more sweetness to the plate.  Eaten separately, each component is delicious, but eating all three together is a truly delicious way to end a fantastic meal.
