Ahh, Balthazar, a place for the stars.  Yes, this joint is known for drawing in the big names...so it must be stellar.  Strategically shattered mirrors covering almost every wall, old- fashioned fixtures filling the large space with a warm, golden light; this restaurant seemed nearly mysterious and magical in only the loveliest time traveling kind of way. There was just something so charming, so elegant and so unexpected the moment we walked in.    The menu is composed concisely, always a plus for a gal who can never make up her mind.  With a focus on French style steak plates and fresh seafood as well as an excellent raw bar, Balthazar also has Lamb t-bones, Duck Sheppard's Pie, Duck Confit and even a Berkshire Pork belly.  A "when on vacation" carb fanatic, I chose the Black Truffle and Lobster Risotto as a starter to share with Megan.  Melt in your mouth, decadent, this is the kind of dish you crave for weeks...months after!  In the midst of a cauliflower cream sauce and black truffle butter, we were wide-eyed and bushy-tailed, starring at one another with each royal bite.  Words truly cannot explain the level of lusciousness.     The carbs didn't stop there my friends.  I am weak for freshly made pasta.  The texture tromps the dried stuff.  For this reason, with no uncertainty, I ordered the Homemade Linguine with Ruby Red Shrimp, Fresno chilies, broccoli rabe and garlic confit.  A flavor explosion created a week's worth of taste bud happiness with a single bite.  With the shrimp so succulent playing with the spike of heat from the Fresnos and the divinely rich intensity from the garlic confit; this plate was executed by the hands of an Italian/French God.   My friend ordered the Sautéed Skate with Blood oranges, toasted pistachios, brown-Thyme butter and celery root.  I've never tried skate before now.  I have really been missing out.  A member of the ray family, this fish is flat and with two edible "wings." It is far from scary looking or scary tasting.  Not only did this beauty present itself in a fanned-out diamond shape, it supplied incredibly moist and mild white flakes of fish.  The earthy brown Thyme butter contrasted impeccably to the tang from the blood orange while the toasted pistachios and celery root offered great textural variety.  A fish dinner I would regard fancy brought on many "Ohhs and Ahhs" until it was completely demolished from the plate.    A few of the ladies ordered the Steak Frites with Béarnaise.  From the one bite I enjoyed, it was very evident that Balthazar uses quality meat and cooks exactly to the requested temp.  Juicy, tender and full of flavor, it was a steak I'd deem splendid.  In the happy company of a heaping pile of crispy fries and the creamy and herby Béarnaise; upscale French influenced meat and potatoes...now I could get used to that.   Balthazar is a fine mix of old Hollywood glamour and 1920's France...right in the heart of Soho.  It has a warm and cozy feel while it also suggests itself as a "place to see and be seen."  Perfect for a girls night out, romantic date or even a high-end business meeting or party, it scored one amazing first impression in my book.   I've been told by a few foodies since that it is their favorite restaurant in all of New York for the reasons I've already mentioned and more.  Bravo, Balthazar, Bravo.
