What else can I say about a place that nails every aspect of the dining experience like Buddakan?! From the moment we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly staff who took our coats and assured us out table would be ready shortly. Our brief wait allowed us to take in the towering Buddah statue in the middle of the dining room, surrounded by delicious smells and beaming smiles. Our party of six was seated at a table on the second floor overlooking the entire dining room. Our waitress immediately got us started with the menu and specials and answered every question with a smile. Now don't get me wrong, the attention to detail and prompt and friendly service means nothing without amazing food. Buddakan delivered that and so much more! The menu options are meant to be shared and our party couldn't help but order a little bit of everything. We started with the Peking duck buns, which came out hot and fluffy on the outside, with perfectly crisp Peking duck on the inside. This was quickly followed by a couple of our favorite dumplings, Szechuan pork and General Tso's. A perfect way to start our meal! We decided to split the Korean beef fried rice and Braised spare rib for dinner and our only mistake was not getting 2 orders of each! The spare rib was so tender it basically feel apart when we tried cutting it. Put that together with the Korean beef fried rice, topped with kimchee, a fried egg and vegetables, and you have an amazing dinner from simple ingredients cooked to perfection. The table agreed we should have ordered more food, but once the dessert menu was laid out in front of us, we were glad we left room! The crying chocolate and dip-sum doughnuts caught our attention and they did not disappoint! The crying chocolate was decadent, paired with a smooth Vietnamese coffee ice cream that tasted like a cup of the real thing! The doughnuts though...there are no words. Whatever I could say wouldn't do them justice. Just order them the next time you go in! I'll be moving to old city next month and I plan to make Buddakan my go to spot! The food, atmosphere and service is second to none and will keep me coming back for more delicious bites!
