i'm really torn as i write this...the food was a 5, no question. the service started out gang busters but crashed and burned which leaves me to believe that the people holding the vision and working to put that menu together might be very disappointing to be sitting where i sat last night. we arrived at about 8 and were greeted by a warm hostess who directed us to the bar area once we made our preference known. (personally i would think in an environment where they prices are what they are that the hostess would escort their guests to where they are going- especially if they offer the information that it's their first time at the restaurant...) our server was friendly and overly available in the beginning but that changed once she got two other tables in the bar. we ordered the crispy wings, fried brussels with maple and bacon (probably one of the single best dishes i've ever had...), a side of mac and cheese (also extremely delicious and decadent), and the crab cake. we enjoyed everything but as we made our way to the end of our meal it became clear that the staff was ready to be done as many of them gathered at the service bar area and proceeded to drink up and overwhelm the space with noise- talking and laughing and consuming the bartenders attention. it was at this point that our server being nowhere to be found became frustrating. i wanted to order another beer, i wanted to at least *see* the dessert menu. neither of which happened. sweetie went to the bathroom and she chose that time to come over and ask if there was anything else she could get us and whether we wanted to see a dessert menu. i said yes, that i would love to see the menu..to which she responded 'the dessert menu, right? because the kitchen is closed' (yeah..i figured, since the kitchen is at the bar drinking!) i told her never mind and said i would just take the check. after dropping almost a c note for a few apps and sides i had a hard time justifying the price when weighing the service. i'm disappointed for sure but maybe after the bad taste in my mouth wears away we will try again. c'mon dish. you're among a select few representing downtown hartford- support each other to be in the game with max and tk or maybe consider switching to your canton model.
