I have been looking for a cozy place with solid Neapolitan pies for a long time and I don't know why I haven't been to Bufad sooner!  They take reservations now but we took our chances with walking in on a Saturday night around 8:30 and got the last walk-in table.  We skipped all the apps and small plates and went straight for the pizzas- splitting 3 between 3 of us.   They were all relatively small personal pizzas, but just the right size to eat the whole thing in one meal.  We had a margherita, funghi, and duck confit pizza.  The margherita was super classic with a light smearing of very fresh tasting tomato sauce.  The cheese was delicious also and the crust was very thin but the pizza did not get soupy at all in the center. The duck pizza didn't have tomato sauce and cheese on it- instead it had raisin puree and a few kinds of nuts and seeds.  It was really delicious and the duck and raisin combination was very decadent.  Very unexpected and a great contrast to the other pizzas. The best pizza we had by far was the funghi.  The flavor of the smoked mozzarella really came through and the mushrooms were very well cooked and generously spread on the pizza.  The menu said it came with pancetta on it but it looked like bacon to me- either way it was good.   The crust was outstanding- chewy and soft in the middle with good blistering.  I recommended to the server that they serve some dipping oil for the crusts- something like chili or garlic olive oil and she said they had done that in the past and would think about doing it again.  I really love having oil to dip pizza crust in and I hope they have that next time we go! For dessert we shared a piece of ricotta pine nut tart which was semi-successful.  They said it was the last piece and maybe it had just been around for a while or maybe it was a bit overcooked- but the crust edges were pretty dry and crumbly.  The middle was super delicious though, creamy pine nut filling with whole pine nuts and some savory flavor like rosemary or thyme.  It came with an apple and raisin compote which was really good but didn't really makes sense as a pairing to me.   Also I wish they had prices listed on the specials board- we had no idea how much the desserts costs.  I won't dock them points on the dessert though because I really loved the pizzas and I can't wait to go back for more!
