When peering into Room Service's windows, and even upon walking into their glass door, one would not immediately think that they were in a restaurant. With a bar as a store-front, I honestly thought that I walked into the wrong door and into a bar, instead of a Thai restaurant. Once seated, I noticed the light fixtures and the huge chandelier in the center--ooOo, fancy schmancy I thought. Other than the rambunctious decor, it was really loud and crowded inside. I came here with a party of six, so we were able to order several dishes to share. Their menu had a good selection of both traditional and innovative dishes. We started with the tom yum soup and papaya salad. For our entrees, we had the Room Service pad thai, coconut sirloin steak, squid ink spaghetti, peanut fried rice, thai basil tofu, and green curry with soft shell crab. We also had some cocktails; I can't remember the names, but they included lychee. The tom yum soup was pretty standard--with mushrooms, baby corn, basil and lemon grass. It was not too spicy and tasty. The papaya salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/room…) included shredded papaya, carrots, green beans, cherry tomatoes, and peanuts. The lime dressing was citrusy and there was a hint of fish sauce for flavor. When the Room Service pad thai (yelp.com/biz_photos/room…) came out, we thought our waitress had the wrong table. The omelet looking thing, was actually the pad thai. The noodles, seafood, tofu, bean sprouts, and scallions were wrapped inside of an egg white omelet. The pad thai was flavored with tamarind sauce and some sort of coconut sauce--it was different, but tasty. The coconut sirloin steak (yelp.com/biz_photos/room…) was too chewy, but it had a load of flavor. The squid ink spaghetti (yelp.com/biz_photos/room…) included spaghetti and pieces of squid tossed in a squid ink sauce. It didn't look good, but it was. We actually had anticipated spaghetti infused with squid ink, but it was okay. The squid ink sauce had a nice briny and seafood-y taste. The peanut fried rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/room…) and Thai basil tofu (yelp.com/biz_photos/room…) were both very saucy, but tasted good. The green curry with soft shell crab (yelp.com/biz_photos/room…) included bamboo shoots, basil, eggplant, and soft shell crab in a thick coconut creamy curry sauce. I liked the idea of the curry and soft shell crab; however, there wasn't enough curry sauce and it was just poorly executed. Our food came out in a timely manner; however, it took us 20 minutes to get our change. The food was very flavorful and the portions were fair, but our overall experience was just okay, nothing spectacular. I'm not from NYC, but judging by the crowds, there must not be that many good Thai restaurants around, so Room Service will do...I guess.
