If you visit my profile you will see I typically leave positive yelps, but this place might just be the most overrated restaurant in Philadelphia.  I've been to Audrey Claire twice and so far I am unimpressed.  We made a reservation 3 days in advance for four people to celebrate a special birthday.  We arrived on time for our reservation and they offered us the only table available which was right in front of the busy door where everyone crowds in waiting for a table.  It  was also 34 degrees out so this means we had a nice and chilly draft visiting the table every time the door opens.  The person in charge tells us we can take this terrible table, or wait 30 minutes for another.  Is this how you treat someone who made a reservation?  I don't think so.  Right behind us walked in three gentlemen.  They waited about 5 to 7 minutes and received a nice little WARM table away from the door.  From what I overheard they did not have a reservation.  This is just poor costumer service and poor planning.  Especially for a birthday dinner.  The waiter comes over and he is friendly, but it's so incredibly loud that he has to basically scream to us what the specials are just so we can hear him.  In fact, everyone at the table noted how loud it was so if you are looking for a quiet dinner this is not the place.  The menu sounded good enough, but to be honest the meals were mediocre  for "hype" the place receives.  It really was no better than some other restaurants I've been to where I 've received much better service.  The food wasn't bad, but this place is popular because it's trendy, looks cool and has a good location.   They don't give their customers that warm and fuzzy feeling and they act like they are doing you a favor for giving you a crappy table.  If you are planning a special night, I don't recommend this place.  I hate to be so negative and if this was my first experience here I would give them the benefit of the doubt.  When I am this disappointed by a lack of customer service, I have to be honest and say something. PS - No HEAT in the ladies room. Classy.
