I can now get "Fat Sandwiches" in less than 5 minutes driving from my house?!? Oh man.. This isn't good for my health, but great for my stomach! "Fat House" lives up to its name.  The place specializes in fat sandwiches and fat fries.  They are all priced between $6.50 to $8.00 and the sandwiches are a great size and good bang for your buck.   They have around 10 sandwiches on their menu which have various combinations of chicken fingers, steak, mozzarella sticks, hamburger, onion rings, gyro, and hot dogs.  In addition, these sandwiches have various sauces on them such as honey mustard, marinara, BBQ, hot, nacho cheese, thousand island, and white. Some of my favorites sandwiches are the following (I haven't tried them all yet): Fat Elven (Named after one of the founders)  - Chicken Fingers, Mozzarella Sticks, Onion Rings, French Fries, with Honey Mustard [*Sandwich named after one of the founders] Fat Rocky - Steak, Fries, with Nacho Cheese Fat Dat - Steak, Chicken Fingers, Mozzarella Sticks, French Fries, with Marinara Sauce [*Sandwich named after one of the founders] Also, I'd like to note that you can substitute or add more fix-ins to the sandwiches as well for different prices so do not feel you are tied down to get a specific, premade sandwich. Other than sandwiches, you can order chicken tenders or chicken wings on the side with different sauces.  Furthermore, they have some side orders you can buy which include mostly fix-ins in their sandwiches like french fries, onion rings, and mozzarella sticks.  My personal favorite side here are the Mac & Cheese Wedges!  They also have a small selections of drinks here as well. The place itself is pretty small and there is just one table inside that most people would use to sit when waiting for their food.  I would like to think of this place as a food truck, but at a fixed location.   Finally, you cannot go wrong with their late hours (open till 3am Fri. and Sat.).  This is one place I feel I can stop by after a late night for some quick (yet really unhealthy) eats without the typical fast food or diner food. FYI: Their Website page is just on Facebook: facebook.com/FatHouseNJ
