So since we were disappointed by the local Ruby Tuesday's, we went to TGI Friday's which is just around the back of the strip mall... First off, when I checked out the Friday's site to find the location info for this post, I noticed there are Friday's in the UK as well as in other international locations...no wonder the world hates Americans/America!  We're poisoning their countries! Now you may have noticed Friday's has poured a ton of money into their marketing campaigns, making it seem like a great place for food and fun.  They've changed their "theme" which I can't quite figure out.  There are red and white stripes in certain parts of the restaurant and then there are fixtures with blue and red stars...so I want to say it's "Americana", but when you have a picture of the Stones, that kind of throws that theory off.  I'm gonna just guess they were going for general pop culture.... They've also been hawking their healthier options under the guise of "low fat" and "right portion, right price".  Come on!  Who goes to Fridays watching their waistline!  One of their sellers is "green bean fries"!!!! So here are my sister and me, the carnivore who eats pretty much anything anywhere (except Olive Garden...my sister doesn't like the Olive Garden) and the vegetarian.  Our waiter does one of those "I'm-gonna-crouch-down-so-I'm-on-your-level/this-­is-what-they-trained-me-to-do" things: "Mind if I join you?" he says, pulling up a chair. I said, "If this were a bar, you wouldn't do too well."   He realllly turned my sister off by doing that! As far as vegetarian options go, as I just said, the green bean fries are in the spotlight.  There is the portobella pasta with a balsamic "glaze"...I don't know about you, but I don't go for glaze anywhere other than on a donut!  And then there are one or two sides--peas and carrots (frozen, of course) and a side salad (come on!  Who are we kidding!  It's a bagged iceberg-cabbage-carrot mix with some cheddar and american thrown in!).  I had the salad which was HORRIBLE! Now remember, my sister eats anything.  She got the Asian Chicken salad, which, upon eating it, she exclaimed, "There's nothing Asian about this.  This is a poor excuse for food.  It's disgusting!"  Her salad was the same bagged lettuce mix with some "chicken" on top of it...accompanied by a cliantro dressing.  I had no idea cilantro was grown in regions of Asia! This was one of the most miserable dining experiences in recent memory...and I'm guessing any Friday's will be pretty much more of the same.
