I had visited this spot when it had first opened, and quickly inhaled a ssam burrito which was filled with delicious Berkshire pork and kimchi puree (which was a nice quirky touch) - but it still just seemed like a high-end Chipotle-style mondo burrito.  It was good, but I didn't feel compelled to go back. Then I heard about the late night menu and all of its savory delights, but due to a busy work schedule, was unable to find enough time and co-diners to accompany me.  THHEEENN I heard about the dinner menu being extended to earlier hours, and once all the NYC foodie bloggers had gorged themselves at the Ssam Bar and tempted me with their almost-scratch-n-sniff photos, I decided that it was high time to return. A friend and I met up last night and were seated fairly quickly (actually, I was late and we were seated right when I got there - not sure how long he had to wait, but he swore it wasn't long), and we immediately got to the ordering. We opened up the night with the sweetbreads (succulent and wonderfully rich, with a small dish of pickles and peppers), grilled rice cakes (a riff on the traditional Korean dish tukbokki - really didn't taste anything like the original, but it was marvelous nonetheless), and a plate of Benton's ham (we asked the server which ham was his favorite, and that was his answer without a moment's hesitation. So we HAD to go with it). All the portions were on the smaller side, perfect for two hungry diners to share.  We decided we wouldn't stop there, so we ordered the banh mi sandwich (juicy pork, crisp carrots and cilantro) and then concluded with the grilled marinated hangar steak bo ssam.  The steak bo ssam was absolutely delicious, the steak was cooked perfectly medium rare with just the right amount of seasoning, the kimchi of course was tasty, and the bright green ginger scallion sauce was an interesting accent to the traditional Korean flavors. All in all, a very fun and tasteful dinner (and not too unreasonably priced for 2 guys sharing 5 dishes), with prompt and efficient service.  We spent the second half of the meal brainstorming who we would bring with us on our next visit, and promised ourselves that next time we're TOTALLY gonna try the $180 whole pork butt bo ssam. OMG I'm already drooling.
