It is the details of a dinning experience that can push it over or under the line of wonderful and I am happy to report that Market Table on Carmine Street cares about those details. Lets start at the end of the meal - the coffee mug.  After a very satisfactory early dinner on Saturday I was tickled pink to have my with dessert coffee served to me in a mug featuring a picture of Eleanor Roosevelt.  How did they know she was my favorite First Lady?  How did they know I have been to her house and the Roosevelt library and often sit next to the sculpture of her at West 72nd Street?  How did they know that would instantly make me love them?   Well, as I said - it is the details - and the connections a restaurant can make with its dinners both on and off the plate that make it an experience and this coffee mug connection was the culmination of Market Table wooing me.   They wooed me softly - which in the summer heat I appreciated.  The place was open and pleasant.  It is casual but it does not feel cheap actually it feel cozy-sophisticated.  I wanted to cuddle with something and wished my life had the easy breezy tone of the place. The food - we started with the table sharing marinated heirloom tomatoes and basil vinaigrette and an order of gnocchi braised lamb, escarole, olives, pecorino.  Both were delicious but the heirloom tomatoes were out of this world - that vinaigrette brought out the flavor of the tomatoes for me and I don't even love tomatoes.   For entrée I had the seared swordfish with corn salad and avocado vinaigrette.  I have to say it was delightful.  The fish was perfect and I never would have thought to do an avocado vinaigrette (tasty and new or at least new to me).  There was grilled sweet corn with chili, parmesan and lime for the table and the bread and wine - well even if they were bad I would not know it.  My mind does not know how to compute the idea of bad bread or wine. I was very happy with my early dinner- it was the way to have summer in the city.  We were not rushed, we were in a very summer feeling environment and we were fed delicious items that invigorated me rather then deplete me.  Market Table feels like a great friend's dinning room. So grab four friends, reserve the round table and plan to linger.
