I'm going to go out on a limb here and just say it: This is my FAVORITE restaurant in the United States. Ever. Now let me explain before you go all "Kanye" on me and tell me, "yo Gisselle, sorry to interrupt you, but ________ serves the best ________ of all time. Of. All. Time" : The service: The waitresses are amazing. They all have sexy ass accents that I'm jealous of. I feel so boring and "americaine." Blech. The owner is just as nice and he has an accent too. I want one. Le sigh. This place is straight up "quaint." It is charming, warm, inviting... ahhhh it makes me want to swoon. Nothing fancy at all. Just freakin comfortable and relaxing as hell. Next time I have brunch here I'm going to treat myself to 2 hour long siesta goddamit. The food: Ah yes, the food. This is the most important part. Let me just say this: YUMM. Finger lickin good. I've been coming here once a week since I discovered it and I'm determined to continue to do so until I've tried every since last one of those delicious and heavenly crepes. Every. single. one. MmmMmmm... (my fave so far has been the Shrimp Curry and the Salmon Linguine). YUMM. They also have a really great wine selection and they make a mean Calimucho. Don't complain about them only accepting cash...this is Williamsburg... they have an ATM machine... get over it. The food makes me want to lick my plate clean (I'd do it too if I were in the privacy of my own home (& I was eating out of my own plates). I'm not even embarrassed to admit it. It's also not expensive (crepes are around 12 bucks each). Oooo and get the pizzalediere as an app! Ohhhh more yumm!!!! This place is so good it makes me giggle. I'm in law school: ergo, I never giggle. It makes me want to go back to Paris and drive down to Nice. And eat. A lot. And drink. A lot. Paris, Nice, eating, drinking? Oh my. What is a girl to do??? Happily rub her new French food baby. I shall call you "Madeline." Je t'aime Madeline... Je t'aime. Why? Because no one makes me as happy as you.
