Hungry wolves! Come in for hot, fresh wraps made right in front of you. They have Tater Tots! I recommend the Teen Wolf wrap. After turning left and right around the area, I finally found Wolfnights on the corner of Rivington Street and Ludlow Street. It's quite a small little shop that seats about 10 people perhaps. There are 3 swing chairs on the right side - quite an experience to sit on them, by the way! Food: Teen Wolf - #1 on the menu. The Teen Wolf is a Falafel wrap sandwich. I see onions, scallions, sunflower seeds, and pickles. The description said the wrap was pomegranate dough - though I didn't taste it. A great alternative for vegetarians! The highlight was the hot, fresh wrap! It was so fluffy, chewy, and soft! A bit of sauce here and there for flavoring. I personally think it was the best part of the wrap! The fried Falafel balls in the wrap which I found to be very standard like other decent Falafel places. The wrap was neatly rolled with a lot of ingredients. It was too big for me to take a bite, I had to use a fork. Nonetheless, my favorite wrap here. Brother's Grimm - #2 on the menu. It is a chicken wrap with plantain chips (adds a crunch with every bite!), shitake mushrooms, and etc. The chipotle sauce was a bit overpowering but makes the wrap more moist. Chicken was alright. It was not too dry but not as tender as I like it to be. Not bad but just didn't stand out to me. The wrap, once again was the highlight. Carnivore's Delight - angus meatballs, fried egg, onions, pickles, with mustard horseradish, and etc. The meatballs were pretty dry, in my opinion. This wrap in particular was my least favorite of all I have tried. The flavors were not infused together - so I don't think it went well together especially the mustard horseradish. Overall, it's a hit or miss depending on your taste preferences. I have to say the wrap dough itself was the highlight of Wolfnights. Although, the wraps come with a lot of ingredients - not all of the flavors work well together - in other words, there's too much going on. Not to mention, it's very hard to take a bite because it is so big and stuffed. It's quite messy, so make sure you grab a fork to help you out.
