My wife and i read and heard some good things about this place so we gave it a shot.  I have had very little Vietnamese food in my life and my wife never. So we were up for a new adventure.. The place is small and quaint inside. Nothing spectacular.  It wasn't very busy when we were there but i can imagine its very loud when it is. The menu has ALOT and when you know nothing about the cuisine its quite hard to make  a decision.  We read a few reviews on here about the sweet potato nest and the summer rolls as appetizers.  When the waiter came to us we asked him for some recommendations. He wasn't the greatest at this and we realized it was better to just go with our gut.   Appetizers: We went with the Fried sweet potato nest with shrimp and the summer rolls with shrimp and pork.  People were raving about the sweet potato nests.  When it came it looked just like the name.. a big nest of fried sweet potato fries. I was not impressed.  It basically was sweet potato fries with batter on them making them extra crispy and sticking together to look like a nest.  There were 3 shrimp in it and the portion was HUGE.  It was tasty but to me was nothing more than batter deep fried sweet potato fries. It was very very greasy.  I don't recommend it. The summer rolls were very good.  They were rolled up very nice in a soft rice paper.  There were tons of flavor and spices packed in nicely. You can taste hints of mint, noodles and tofu mashed together with the sweet pork and salty shrimp.  There is a dipping peanut sauce that it comes with that was very very good making it a perfect appetizer.  This app comes with 2 very big rolls. You can easily split this with 2 - 4 people. Entrees: For our entrees, my wife (trying to go healthy..summer is coming) went with sauteed chicken and assorted vegetables.  Once again the portion was huge. It was exactly what the menu said..  chicken with assorted vegetables.  This dish was not what we expected.  The chicken was more like steamed as were the vegetables and the sauce was very light.  We like to eat very healthy so for my wife this was a perfect meal. I went with the Char-broiled pork chops with lemon grass.  This meal was freaking awesome. The dish contained only what it says..pork chops..haha. The chops were very thin and cut into small pieces with the bone.  The taste was very very good.  You can taste the char-broil accompanied by the lemon grass. It was fantastic. I would definitely get this again. Both meals came with a huge bowl of sticky rice to split.  As well as a big pot of tea on the house. The place is very very reasonable. Our total bill for 2 apps and 2 entrees was about 35 bucks.  Not bad! I believe this is a BYOB as we saw people with bottles.  I highly recommend giving this place a try.
