Terakawa offers GOOD ramen. It's somewhere in between good (lower-case), and GREAT. It's always difficult evaluating ramen places because your experience is highly variable depending on your preferences in ramen, noodle density, and even your menu choices. For example, you may order the shio ramen, but in reality you may be an unknowing tonkotsu broth fan, you'll find the shio ramen overly salty and lacking heft, but if you had ordered the tonkotsu broth, like you should have done, and should be doing... ALWAYS. With that being said, Terakawa does a great job with a few things, and just average with others. First, their pork buns. Not the rave everyone claims. If you've had Baohaus in New York, don't expect that here. If you haven't had Baohaus... what's your excuse? You can get a bus ticket for $1, get going. The Pork buns are solid, but not amazing, it just lacked attention to detail and finesse, i.e. my buns came out slightly moist, which semi-neutralized the beautiful pillowy softness of the buns, and transformed it into something slightly moist and sticky, like eating soggy bread. The belly itself was decent, but not incredible. The tonkotsu broth was deep, rich, and hearty, I personally found it a little salty, but it could have been an unusual day, and others may find it perfectly acceptable. My girlfriend ordered the shio ramen, and it certainly lacked the depth of my tonkotsu broth, but that was to be expected by nature of the broth. The ramen noodles are done very well, which is a relief. I am an absolute fiend for noodles, I love all kinds of noodles, and there are few things that will make me angrier than soft noodles in my ramen. Ramen noodles by their very nature are supposed to have that delightful bounce that derives from their nature of being alkaline noodles. If you're at a ramen restaurant where the noodles don't have a delightfully seductive and playful bounce, just get up and leave. That's like going to a steakhouse that only serves well done steak, and if you don't see what's wrong with that... just... I can't even. Terakawa does their noodles well, they have a lovely level of bounce, and they retain their nature even inside of a hot broth for a decent amout of time. Be warned, noodles by their nature get worse over time in hot broth, so once that bowl lands, start slurping, don't disprect the noodle. The prices are... fair for Philly. You're not going to be paying anything significantly more or less than you would at other ramen places in Philly, or even New York. The wait staff is pleasant, friendly, and helpful. I'd go again.
