Give me a break, I mean that in a good way. The Breakroom Burgers and Tacos is a hidden gem on the outskirts of Chinatown. I was a loyal patron to the prior establishment (Paulies) so I've got some high expectations for the Breakroom. I am a big fan on down home cooking. The remodel restaurant is amazing, I'll admit that Paulies was more or less a hole in the wall with decent food. Breakroom takes that to a whole new level. I love the new décor, refinished wood floors, colorful mural, a long counter with stools to seat and eat. This place is very inviting. The seating at the counter is limited but you can always grab you food to go and find a local park to enjoy. For my visit I parked myself at the counter (right near the toasty heater). The counter staff here is very friendly and greeted me as soon as I walking in the door. If you're staying with your meal you place your order at the register and wait for your food at the counter. I was in the mood for a burger and my brother tried the tacos. We figured we could go too wrong if we stick with the signature dished. Let me just start by saying WOW! I ordered The Original (6 oz.) Angus Burger with Caramelized Onions (+$1). The burger was absolutely delicious. Not overcooked, perfect size, easy to hold. These burgers could give their competitors something to Shake about. The burger came with lettuce, tomatoe, and onions on a tasty bun. I'm trying not to go overboard here but I really did enjoy the burger. I also ordered a side of French Fries ($2.95). To my pleasant surprise I find that the fries are actually a combination of traditional French fries, tater tots, and a couple of onion rings topped with a spicy tomato mayo type sauce. Serving size was just right but I loved the mix of flavors. Loved it! The staff behind the counter came by to check if everything was to our liking, a nice touch. This place is new but I was very impressed by how well run it was. They seem to have a pretty smooth system working. We really did not have to wait long for the food and the prices really can't be beat. My brother was equally impressed with his selection of the Skirt Steak and Chipotle Chicken Tacos. The location is very convenient if you're downtown and well worth the trip. I'm happyt to report that I will be a regular at this joint. I haven't really even begun to explore the rest of the menu. Two solid thumbs up from me.
