Maybe it's the fact that Australian and Italian end the same that allows these Aussies to make such great pasta dishes. Or maybe it's the Old West  feeling that Australia has (at least in all the movies I watch, have you seen Ned Kelly or The Proposition?) and it's cowboy culture that allows the burgers to be so slamming, but how do they achieve both? I simply am baffled. It's a real feat, and to us hungry people, a real treat. I've come here twice and on both occasions, I've so enjoyed my food that I'm now always looking for a reason to come back here. Of the pasta dishes I've tried, I'd say there's some stiff competition for best of restaurant. I've liked the Creamy Chicken and the Spicy Italian Sausage, both being solid options that will fill you and be pleasing to your taste buds. But the real pasta gems are the Rag Bol (bolognese) and the Shrimp pasta. I especially love the shrimp for the spicy kick for which I'm a succor at any restaurant. I assure all that they will not be disappointed with either dish. As for the burgers, I've only tried one, the Bronte, but it was all I needed to try. This burger can go pound for pound with any burger I've had in the city. I was immediately delighted by the ciabatta-style bread, which was fresh and had a delicious sourdough aftertaste that is perfect for burgers. Then there was the burger itself, which was hefty, but still cooked correctly despite the thickness. The meat was tender and well-seasoned, and the various toppings thrown on top only made for a mouth-watering combo. Like most of the food here, a spicy chili is a key ingredient, and for a native New Mexican, this is like a piece of home in NYC. I also enjoyed trying the different Australian beers, Cooper's Green and Red, and Boag's. All of which are decent beers, but far cooler as a novelty as the only Aussie beer I've ever even heard of is Foster's. I'd truly love to give this place a five-star review, especially because the friendly servers are on par with the food, but I do wish this place was more spacious. Plus, it's a minor complaint, so I guess really this place gets a 4.5.
