The restaurant my boyfriend and I were supposed to eat at was closed on Sunday, so we were on Yelp looking for another option when we found this place. Pho is our go-to food, so it was exciting to try a place we'd never been to. When we walked in, there was one table with a family and a second table with two women, presumably customers, who were chatting away. We didn't see anyone working, and both tables of people had stopped talking and were staring at us. We stood there uncomfortably waiting to be seated before picking the nearest table and hoping someone would show up. We sat down, and a little while later, I was surprised to see that it was one of the seated women who brought menus over. (I'm fine if the restaurant is empty so you want to pass the time by talking to someone, but if customers walk in, you should at the very least greet them and tell them to seat themselves. Or put up a sign.) Looking back on it, I think the people at both tables were either family or friends of this family-owned hole-in-the-wall place. Note to anyone who's never been here before--just avoid the awkwardness and seat yourselves. We got a Vietnamese pancake as an appetizer, and asked them to make it vegetarian and add extra vegetables instead of the seafood. Delicious. My boyfriend ordered the beef pho, I ordered the tofu and vegetable. When the pho came, I was really happy to see a generous amount of tofu and bok choy in my bowl. But then after eating a couple bites, I realized...The reason these prices are $1 or $2 cheaper than usual is because the broth here has monosodium glutamate (MSG) in it. It's considered a flavor enhancer and gives the broth an artificially savory taste. Pho places that don't add MSG have to properly marinate their meat and slow-cook the bone broth to reach a natural savory taste, which takes longer and is a costlier process. Some people may like it, but if you're looking for natural flavors, MSG will basically overwhelm everything in your dish. (In the case of my boyfriend's beef pho, he said the meat was good while he could still actually taste it.) I do my best to avoid MSG, just because it's been linked to unhealthy weight gain and I prefer natural flavors in my food. Usually my boyfriend and I like to drink all of our broth, especially with his meat pho, the bone broth has great health benefits from the gelatin. But neither of us wanted to drink what we felt was akin to Ramen soup. Note that if you do decide to drink your broth, you're going to be really thirsty later on. Also for vegetarians/vegans, note that they only offer this MSG-laced meat broth and no vegetarian option. Service was fast, and they kept our water glasses filled. After our meal, we went up to the register to pay, as is customary with most pho places. The low rating is mainly because of the broth. I consider MSG broth to be the lazy way of making pho, and I wish restaurants would choose healthier alternatives. If you're looking for a place that uses all-natural ingredients, check out Pho 99 in East Hartford--currently my favorite pho place in the area.
