Trying to find a dinner place with two friends the other night, and in the mood for mediterranean, we turned to Yelp to make the decision. We settled on Cafe Orlin, not really taking into account that the majority of wonderful reviews are for their brunch. Everything seemed to be going smoothly, there was hardly anyone else in there since it was so nice out and everyone was sitting outside, we picked out some amazing sounding drinks and our waitress was an absolute delight, helping navigate us through the menu based on dietary restrictions and preferences. Seriously... I wish I remembered her name because I want to shout it from the rooftops. Anyway, the food came and was pretty tasty, no complaints there... until, while picking up one of my french fries, another one seemed to levitate up after it. Upon further inspection, a long hair was connecting the two. I have super long hair, which always gets into everything and on everyone, so finding hair in my food has never really bothered me. However, MY hair is neon orange... the hair connecting my two little pieces of potato pleasure was definitely not. Also, this hair seemed to be baked into the fries. Tugging on it did nothing to separate the two. The manager had been flitting around, so I told him what happened and laughingly showed him the tiny potato nunchucks (prefacing it by saying "I don't really care, but I thought that you should know...") and he said "Are you sure it isn't orange? Maybe it's your hair." Kindof an odd response from a manager when presented with this situation, but moving right along... I said yes, I was sure it wasn't mine and showed him how the hair was baked in (Is this grossing anyone out yet?!). He kinda rolled his eyes and reached out to take the plate. I said that wasn't necessary, I just wanted to let him know, and he walked away. No sorry, no nothing. All of us have worked in food service before, so we chuckled amongst ourselves for a while. He came back maybe five minutes later and said "I brought you shots of your favorite to make up for it." I had ordered a cucumber martini with dinner (which was pretty good) and he had brought back three green shot glasses. We thanked him and told him that was thoughtful and he walked away. Imagine our surprise when we tasted our shots and there was no booze... just cucumber puree. While we were dying laughing because we just couldn't believe it, the waitress came over and told us she thought the manager liked us because he told her he was going to buy us a round of shots. We told her what had happened, showed her the fries (which were still sitting on our table) and she was SO apologetic (and immediately took the trouble-making fries away)!! I thought it was incredibly weird that the manager hadn't told her the actual reason he was buying us "shots" and even more bizarre that he would give us alcohol-free shots as an apology. One star review for the manager, three stars for the food, five stars for the waitress.
