How did this happen? I logged in to write an update to my review, only to find that I never wrote one in the first place!! I'm shocked since Catfish is the closest bar to my apartment, and I've been going there since the first day it opened. Enough of that. I really, really want to give Catfish 4 stars: It's local, it has a cozy atmosphere, the concept is incredible, and they have a great beer list. I'm afraid, however, the table service and food is just shy of bumping it into the "Yey, I'm a fan" level. Let me explain... I typically sit at the bar, which is great. The bar staff are typically very attentive, friendly and even humorous. I've noticed that when it comes to sitting at a table, however, that Catfish seems to always be understaffed. Last time I went with my husband, we joined a table of friends and were pretty quickly offered drinks. The server then disappeared, and we were super delayed in receiving drinks and having the opportunity to put in our food order. All the while, the server was running around like a headless chicken because she was the only one working half of the restaurant. Poor thing. We had hoped to wine and dine for about an hour (that is a reasonable expectation, no?) so that we could be out before their evening event. We were told about 3 times that our food would be "right out", though after a full hour of having only one drink and still not being served our order (plus, the tables of everyone else in the restaurant had been cleared of plates), we had to request that our order be changed to take-away. I was so incredibly disappointed. I'd like to be clear that I do not base my reviews on only one experience. Even the best establishments have off-nights. Assuming that the difficulty with service is not an everyday event (I hope it isn't, for their sake), I would still give Catfish 3 stars based on the taste of their food. I've tried almost everything on the menu, and have even opted to go to Catfish whilst fantasizing about oh-so-deeply-comforting Southern cuisine. Although Catfish sometimes hits the spot, I'm consistently annoyed that their dishes are over-seasoned to the point of losing the unique flavors of the meats served. My favorite dish to get is shrimp and grits. It reminds me of my Mississippian friend's cooking. It used to be the best value on the menu, and may also be the most consistent. My husband tends to get either the gumbo or the jambalaya, and to this day, we can't tell a difference. One is on rice, and the other is not, but they are seasoned so similarly, you could order either and expect pretty much the same thing. I love the catfish po' boy, and the fact that you can order the catfish on rice rather than between bread (you can do this with any or most of the po' boys, depending on your cravings). Unfortunately, the catfish tends to be heavily seasoned, though there is luckily no other fish on the menu to confuse it with. The last dish on which I'll comment, for now, is the venison. Honestly, we couldn't tell if it is venison or pork, again, because it is seasoning was so strong. I would love for Catfish to make some changes around this issue -- to compliment the meat with their seasoning. If they could do that, it would be top-notch. For now, it's just A-OK.
