Not that Benna's was enough for the South Philly home-body or DIY hipsters as I'll coin them. You know what I mean... The ladies who are home-schooled, took many hobbies including knitting, poetry, vegan-cooking, sewing and taking dresses from their grandmother and reworking them to make themselves look cool for this day and age. They also go to that underground bike shop where they buy exclusive vintage parts from the cycles that were in the 1962 Tour De France! Ooolaalaa! Not to mention they all wish they could be Virginia Woolf minus the suicidal river moment... Ok maybe I'm being a lil' too cynical here and I'll take it down a notch. Luckily B2 isn't as cliquey in the sense as Benna's ( B1? ) is and maybe that has changed? I haven't been to Benna's in years but I remember it was pretty much a coffee shop for girls that looked like Raggedy Ann meets Karen O's make-up artist and if the Lilith Fair Movement still existed, this was the closet thing to it... complete with Indigo Girls B-sides playing as you order a leisbo... I mean latte. Opps... Ok guess I am being a bit tad cynical. Again B2 has more male guys working behind the counter but these guys represent the kind of guy these girls want to date, marry, or brag about. Which none of these guys will ever be committed to saying "I do" unless it means something else... ahem. The music here is a misshapen mess of every indie-mainstream song you may or may not have heard of on itunes? That doesn't make any sense... neither does putting indie on front of everything just so it gets these peoples attention. To the point! The food and beverage here isn't bad but as you walk in you get these eyes piercing at you from every corner, peering over their ibooks typing away. Judging you perhaps and already writing a blog of what you're wearing, talking about, and what to order at the front counter. Ok that's just utter hysterical paranoia and I won't stand for that. I'm better than these people, right? Right?! Maybe... But the purpose of a coffee shop or any space that is supposed to provide R & R is exactly that! I don't go there to show off what new nonsense I have read in some clever book that no one in their right mind would find time to read or listen to some indie-noise-band-crap that someone said holds the secret of universe within track nine. It's bullshit. I just want my coffee. I don't want to see your bike, your hair, your friends bragging about the sex party, or anything else that isn't worth what precious time we have left on this planet! "Can I help you?" "I'll have an iced coffee, room for milk" *snickers from the other end of the store* "I'm watching you!!!! Ya twitter me! Write some LOOOOSSSEEEERRR is putting milk and not organic almond soy in his coffee. You make me sick!" "That will be 2.25 man" "Here keep the change. And as for you!!! Were you talking about REM cycles?"
