Ohhhhhkay, Olea. I really love you, I do. The abundance of potted plants in an open, airy old garage. The exposed ceiling joists. The live classical guitar. The candle-lit cozy interior. The delicious (deeeelcious!) (albeit slightly expensive for what it is, IMHO) food. However, your service sucks. It's like you all never anticipated how popular you would become and never hired someone to properly oversee the front of house. And I am really not one to typically complain about service. It just seems... unprofessional. And I am not necessarily talking about the waitstaff: they're mostly friendly and totally competent, if a bit slow to produce a check. That's all fine. I am talking about the "Maitre d'" and the seating policies. There have been two instances. Once, on a slow Tuesday night, I come in and am told that it is a 45 minute wait for a table for 2. But... But... there are two tables open? "Oh, one is a 4-top and the other is a 3-top. We can't seat you in those." So we wait. And wait. It's pouring rain and there was no room at the bar. Not one party of 3 or 4 arrives to take those tables. I almost called a friend who lives nearby to come and sit with us so we could sit down. The most egregious lack of hospitality however occurred the last time I went. I was on crutches. It was busy. Sure. However, it is generally understood by most restaurants that since I cannot stand for long, my party gets a bump to the front of the wait list. Not so at Olea. I was quoted 25 minutes (which, btw, became 45) and even after asking if there was a place to sit, was told to wait outside on the bench. Which didn't allow me to enjoy a glass of wine but to instead shiver with my broken foot. I got sick of this and wanted a glass of wine so wedged myself near the bar, was jostled, someone almost kicked the crutch out from under me because the space is so snug. Finally a kind patron offered me her barstool after seeing me almost fall. By no means am I entitled to a dinner out. I just expect that the staff of a restaurant would provide a measure of hospitality and even maybe a dose of compassion.
