I always said I would never be one of those people who would review a restaurant, which is why this is my first post, but I was so upset and disgusted by my experience here that I felt I needed to leave a comment. I was there with a few people on Good Friday at about 2:30pm and was told the wait would be about an hour, which was fine, the wait is always very long and it would not have been the first time I've waited to eat here. We stood outside and waited and our hour came and went. We noticed the hostess kept seating tables for two even when another table for two next to that table was nearly done. We kept checking in to see how much longer the wait would be and finally at 3:45pm we asked once more and then she started to dish out her attitude saying there were no seats yet. We suggested to split up our party of 4 into two parties of 2. There happen to be some tables of two that were opening up, none that were next to each other but that was fine at that point. We saw two tables by the bar that had just paid, but were not cleaned yet and asked to sit there. She then proceeded to tell us that the kitchen closes at 4pm and we only had 10 minutes to order. She, of course, didn't feel the need to come tell us this sooner while she watched us waiting for a table.  If we finally got a seat after 4pm would she then tell us we couldn't be served after waiting an hour and a half? Who knows. I was very upset at this at this point but did not say anything about it. At that time another possible spot for us opened up and she offered that spot to us, they were two separate tables. I said it didn't matter where we sat and she answered me with another dose of bad attitude saying "well, it's up to you. It's where you want to sit". We picked a spot next to the window. They were not cleaned yet but none of the available tables were. Instead of the hostess wiping down the table for us to sit and order before 4pm she proceeds to tend to customers that were leaving, conversing, hugging them while they slipped her a couple of bucks as they walked out the door. She then took her time walking to the tables to wipe them down. At this point we were all livid but we were starving. The hostess then takes our orders and goes to put them into the computer. While she was by the kitchen we see her say something to the people in the kitchen and one of the waitresses and they all turn to look in our direction. Not long afterwards our food came out and it was the worst I've ever had it here. I've been here on numerous occasions and I always get the grilled chicken sandwich. It has always been amazing but this time around the edges of the bread were near burnt, the middle of the bread was soggy and the chicken was dry. My fiance's tacos were mediocre. My sister and her boyfriend said they pancakes they got were just not as good as they usually get. Huge disappointment. I've never had a more APPALLING  or DISGUSTING experience at a restaurant before in my live. The hostess was unprofessional and obviously doesn't know what it takes to be a hostess. I am never returning here again. The next time my friends suggest brunch here I will be quick to share my story.
