Express Chinese Food Order To Take Out. That is the full company name according to the menu. I got the menu from the front desk of the Sheraton Hotel that I was staying at because they actually deliver to the hotel. SCORE!!! So Sunday evening, after the show closed, I decided I wanted to order chinese for dinner. Since I officially have no voice at this point and I am by myself, I go downstairs and beg the front desk staff as best as I could to place an order for me. Seeing as I am not sure what I want, I order way too much food. I mean there is $10 min for delivery so I had to make it worth their while, especially since it was raining cats and dogs once again. So one pu pu platter, one hot and sour soup, some crab rangoon, a small order of house special fried rice and about $20 dollars later, my order was placed. 30 to 45 mins is how long they said it was going to take. Ok no problem. I go grab some hot tea, get some honey and head back to my room. I swear all of this took place in about 15 mins and no sooner did I go to my room and put the tea down did my phone ring to say that my food had arrived. Good lawd they were fast. OMG! this was some damn good chinese food. I was able to eat just a little bit of everything, which in hindsight was a huge waste but from what I was able to eat it was so good. The hot and sour soup was nice and spicy and made my throat feel good. The house special fried rice was loaded with tons of shrimp, chicken and beef. The crab rangoon were packed with the yummy cream cheese and crabmeat filling and the pu pu platter, well lets just say I ate one of almost everything that came on that platter and it was quite delicious. Did I gorge myself? Yup to the point that I ordered all of this at 6pm eastern time on Sunday and did not eat again until 6pm pacific time. Yup I was that full. But oh well, it was worth it. I haven't had a real appetite since but I do have my memories of the yummy chinese food that I had in NJ. Even my sister would have given this place 2 thumbs up as it was that good. Hmm chinese... drool!
