After last mintue reservation changes, my friend Jaclyn and I decided to settle on Tinto for restaurant week. When I arrived with her, her fiancé Mark, and their friend Christina, we were surprised to find a full house despite all the snow that had just fallen the day before. The space itself seemed tight but is much bigger than it looks with a second floor dining area and the ambiance is seemingly romantic with the low-lighting effect, but still great for groups. The restaurant week menu was simple, yet filled with enticing options. It was separated in 3 courses. Being a tapas menu, it allowed a choice of two plates for the first and second course, and the third course being dessert, one choice totaling 5 plates per person. For the first course, we all shared the soft Boucheron cheese and the semi firm Idiazabal cheese. Both of which everyone liked. The second plate of my first course was an arugula salad with Serrano ham, figs, fried goat cheese balls, pine nuts and a light orange vinaigrette. The salad was one of my favorite plates that night. It was so simple and a great plate to start off dinner. Mark and Jac also split the basque onion soup, complimenting the broth and comparing that of Parc's onion soup, Tinto's being better. Between the table, the second course consisted of duck montadito, merluza(sea bass) en salsa verde, organic chicken, chorizo saffron rice, and beef brochette. The brochette, cooked at medium rare, was perfect and I would go back just for that. The duck confit was great and not as salty as others I've tried. At first I found the random black cherry that accompanied the confit to be a strange choice, but a bite of the duck and cherry was a nice balance of savory and sweet. Christina loved her organic chicken and I sampled the truffled whipped potatoes that came with it. You can't go wrong with anything truffled and I'm a firm believer that any dish of the sort is also sprinkled with crack. I just couldn't get enough of it, it was that good. But I had to stop myself seeing how it was Christina's plate and all. To me, redemption lies in the dessert course. And Tinto redeemed itself. I had the bananas y azafrain which is basically a chocolate ganache type Cake with slices of caramelized banana and decorative squirts of saffron crema. The cake in all it's richness was on the edge of slightly bittersweet, which I love. And the crunchy texture of the caramelized bananas complimented the smoothness of the cake perfectly. I forgot about the sea bass completely. Nice save Garces. Tinto has been on my list to try for years. Why I haven't been sooner, I couldn't tell you. I just always assumed it was the same as it's sister restaurant, Amada. But as long as you make smart plate choices, Tinto's menu can hold it's own.
