I literally can't believe what I'm reading - is this place owned by someone in NYC whose ass we love to kiss? Because i certainly would like to know. That ass must be terrific. NEWSFLASH: The King Is Naked. No amount of talking about its fine invisible clothes ( tasty food ) would change the fact that it is a rag (crappy, overpriced food). It is the place that makes deep fried bacon taste uninspiring. Let that sink in. That's right. What should be an orgasm inducing experience for any non-vegan ( and immediate run for the hills experience for the later ) has been reduced to that fleeing feeling of money going through one's fingers paired with a though "Should. have. gotten. take. out". The only two things that are going for this place are decor and the bartender. Decor is great. Loved it the moment we walked in. Hell, it really put us in a good mood where i nearly convinced the date that we should get a table but being the people who go out more in a month than most we opted for the bar ( service at the bar in good restaurants is always infinitely superior to the service at the table. If the restaurant is lousy the bartenders still tend to do better ). We were right. The service was fantastic. The bartender was a doll with the only unfortunate part being her need to be placed in a box and match ze expectationz of ze establishment. Now the uglies: 1. Oysters. Oh. My. God. Have you heard of this thing called "Interwebz"? Marvelous invention. It has this thing called "youtube" which has tons of how to videos - here's one the kitchen prep staff needs to watch urgently: youtube.com/watch?v=Uy-r… That's right. The clowns could not shuck an oyster properly - they forgot to slide the knife under goodies to separate the goodies from she shell. I know, who expects the oyster on a half shell to actually slide?!?! What kind of a preposterous idea is that? Well, apparently, it is the same kind of preposterous idea as the one that says "There shall be no sand in the oyster." I guess no one bothered to check. I mean why would the kitchen do that?! It... it... it... just may force the cook ( the place has no chef, trust me ) to come up with a new item to deal with sandy oysters ( hello, it is called weather. you have to pay attention to that when ordering your goodies. I know. It blows my mind too, and I'm not a chef. I'm just OK with a knife. Oh and another thing. The shells laid on the frisee. 2. Snapper crudo.  I feel I shall again refer you to the interwebz - this time the lovely site known as lmgtfy.com. See, we can enter lmgtfy.com/?q=red+snappe… and magical things happen. Dozens -- no, probably hundreds --  of recipes to serve as inspiration ( or to rip them fair and square ). You know what all of them have? All of them have this magical ingredients known as  *seasoning* aka salt, pepper, maybe some other spices. Maybe some marginally well distributed lemon zest. Even that would work... but how the hell do you get all the zest into a single clump one person out of two manages to ingest completely and fully? Oh, well, if you are at the Red Cat on Friday night you totally get a single clump of the zest and nothing else... no salt.... no pepper... no seasoning... but but but wait, you know what we have ? Frisee! That's right, we have frisee! Don't you think it is lovely and green and tasty?! Oh wait, you mean you, like, had it before. So you know that in the unseasoned way it tastes like crap... Well, you aren't our usual customers - it seems they would have a hard time distinguishing tilapia from salmon if the salmon was cut thin. 3. At which point we arrive at... head cheese. Pathetic. Uninspiring. Unseasoned. Utterly forgettable.  If there was any "crispy egg yolk" it must have been there on a quantum level where if observed it were to change its form and disappear. However, you know what it did have? Frisee. That it certainly had. 4. And finally the star of the show... Bacon. Tempura. One's mouth is supposed to water just at the thought. Except that we are at the Red Cat, where the cooks like using terms that they don't understand - somewhat akin to a 5 year old using  "thermonuclear reaction" to describe himself taking a sip of a warm milk. There was nothing "tempura" like about it. Hell, there's more tempura-ish things at the "warm prepared food" buffet of Whole Foods. But you know what it did have? That's right. Frisee. Because it is frisee that makes the experience so awesome and wholesome that one wants to come back. Frisee makes world a better place. We thanked our lucky stars for not committing to do the entire dinner and moved on.
