I find it really hilarious that Pommes Frites dubs itself "A feast for the five senses".   I mean, don't get me wrong, the fries rock, the dipping sauces rock, the poutine is up there with the vast majority of the poutine I had in Montreal, regardless of what the "I'm Canadian and we know poutine and this is no poutine" snobs below say. But a feast for the five senses? 1.  Taste, the no brainer.  Definitely a go here, as much as it pains me to think that fried root starch dipped in some sort of viscous liquid (sauce, gravy, chutney, whatever your choice) can truly be considered a "feast".   2.  Smell.  It smells OK.  Kind of a general fast food county fair fry-o-lator smell. But not really bad or anything.  If this is a "feast" for the nose, I don't think whoever wrote the menu can really handle roses, or simmering onions and garlic, or chocolate chips cookies fresh from the oven.   3.  Touch.  Hm.  French fries are traditionally a finger food.  And I guess there's nothing like that good old feeling of singeing your fingers on super-hot and fresh frites.  This is kind of similar to "smell" where there's definitely 'touch' going on, and it's not really bad or anything, but I'd be hard pressed to call it a "feast" for the senses.   4.  Sound.  OK, this is where things start to go awry.  What I heard on my most recent trip to get a poutine fix was a mix of Z100 blaring extremely bad pop hits (could have been worse, could have been one of those stations that plays nothing but Christmas songs from mid-October through January) and woefully obnoxious NYU students and/or people who seemed to be on impossibly bad dates.  Seriously, the couple next to me were alternating between awkward silence and half-hearted banter about how, like, potatoes are, like, really good, you know, no matter how you cook them.  potatoes rock!  I really hope they were stoned.  Mark one sense out of the "feast" running for sure. 5.  Sight.  Another one bites the dust.  This place is tiny, cramped with people who are by no means easy on the eyes, and dirty as all get out.  Seriously, I'm getting ready to take a long trip to India, and I'm basing my standards on the cleanliness of street food, tea stalls, and the like on a "Cleaner Than Pommes Frites" scale.  If it's dirtier than a french fry shack in the East Village, I'm not going in there.  While I'm sure the hygeine is fine, it sure ain't pretty in there.  If this is a "feast" for the eyes, I'm on a diet, thanks. Aside from all that silliness, though, Pommes Frites rocks.  It's hard to mess up hot fresh french fries and your choice of like a kajillion different sauces.   And the poutine is fine, sorry.  It's not better than what you can get in Montreal.  But it's not worse than any of the more average poutines I've tried, either.  I might even have had worse.  Regarding the cheese, I'm pretty sure it's real curds, but I'm guessing they're old-ish or artificially preserved somehow in a way that removes the squeak.  The taste and texture were perfect, and I could tell from looking at them that they weren't just hunks of white cheddar.  The gravy was pretty damn spot on, too.  The only real difference was that the fries used in poutine tend to be of the skinny genre, and these are not.  But it's not as if Pommes Frites is going to make two different fry shapes just for the Canadians out there.  Hey, just be happy it's not the poutine mutation known in the states as "Disco Fries".
