Mediocre food, outrageous prices, deplorable service, a regrettable dining experience. We arrived at 7 for a reservation at the same time and were promptly seated, in an undesirable location (in a corner underneath an AC vent), an unfortunate but acceptable situation; all restaurants have such tables.  Most unfortunate is that our seating was the highlight of our meal. We waited much too long for a waiter to come and take a drink order - nearly the only such offering we received all night. After I finished my negroni, no one on the wait staff asked if I would like a second or another drink. One in our party was poured a second glass of wine - so gracious of the staff! They were less attentive to our water supply throughout the meal. After our waiter explained the specials, we ordered. Our first course came out in appropriate time. The heirloom tomato appetizer, ordered by everyone at the party, was fresh and enjoyable, if a little expensive. The same is true for our second course of pasta dishes, which arrived a little more slowly than the first course, but still within a reasonable time frame. When we had not received our main course by 8:30, we asked two servers to check on our order. The second, our primary waiter, whose forgettable name is due equally to the scarce times we saw him as his poor service, protested that the kitchen was backed up tonight and there was little he could do. When we replied that this was unacceptable, he repeated the same feeble explanation, which he thought was a justified excuse. No, dear waiter! The kitchen's struggles explain the slow service, but do not excuse our protracted wait at the cost of hundreds of dollars. He returned from the kitchen to inform us that our meal would arrive "in two minutes," which in reality was closer to ten. Of our three courses, the entrees - the suckling pig, rib-eye, and scallops - were the worst. Not only was the kitchen busy, they were also hasty in their preparation. While the food was fair, the service was atrocious, and the two combined were hardly worth the price and pretensions of il Pittore. The restaurant was crowded for a Wednesday night, nearly full, and as our waiter admitted, too many orders from the full dining room inundated the kitchen, apparently to near paralysis. I had assumed all restaurants, especially one with as lofty goals as this, aspired to such abundant patronage. My mistaken assumption has been corrected. I can only hope that Philadelphia obliges and relieves il Pittore of its problems by taking its business elsewhere and allowing the kitchen to cook for fewer diners. Although I suspect this arrangement may result in a more permanent and serious problem for the restaurant.
