The little halal food cart that could. Feed New York's hordes of drunken masses, that is... BACKGROUND ---------------------- Back when I kinda sorta moved here in January, I had no idea this particular cart even existed. A few weeks later at work, a colleague of mine posed a trivia question for a prize: "What is New York's most famous landmark?" A) Empire State Building B) Statue of Liberty C) Central Park D) Brooklyn Bridge or E) Halal Food Cart at 53rd & 6th? "Huh?" I pondered aloud, "What kind of choice is that? There are halal food carts all over Manhattan." "You don't understand. This cart is special. It's far above all the other carts. It's all about the chicken and rice," was the enthusiastic response. "People wait in the longest line for it. And there are the sauces! You must have the sauce. You don't understand. It's the best thing ever!" "Uh, you're quite excited about this chicken and rice. And sauce. So, when do you usually eat at this cart?" I asked. "Late at night after hitting the bars and clubs," was the immediate response. "I see." And so I remained skeptical, for anything tastes amazing at 3 in the morning and several drinks later... FAST FORWARD TO JUNE... ---------------------------------------- I have the day off. For some reason I am also watching the Today Show. And for some reason, Jenna Wolfe is waiting in line at the halal food cart at 53rd and 6th at lunchtime, boring the crap out of anyone within earshot, to make a point that the line for this cart is insanely long, even in the middle of the day with a good majority of the patrons in suits. "Why are you waiting 40 minutes for food from a cart?" she asked someone. "Cause it's amazing?" was the response. Still, I remained skeptical... FAST FORWARD TO JULY 4th ------------------------------------------ Heat! Humidity! Sitting on 12th Ave for hours on end! Fireworks! So those all happened. I was with friends from out of town. They were tired and wanted to go back to where they were staying. For a while I thought I would head back to Jersey myself. But then... "You're already in midtown...." my brain said. "Now is your chance to check this cart for yourself." My autopilot took over. I bid my friends adieu at Times Square and made a beeline up 6th, passing countless other halal food carts along the way. "This is stupid," I thought to myself. Yet I kept walking. And I reached the corner of 53rd & 6th. And there were 50 people in line. And I got in the back of it. "Still stupid," I thought. Yet I kept waiting. And waiting. And waiting. Eventually I got the front. And I noticed the yellow-shirted guys were working at a furious pace. Slicing shawrma off the spit. Scooping up chopped chicken. Cutting up pita. But there was no menu to be found. What the hell do I get? Uh... "Chicken & lamb!" I blurted out. The guy quickly nodded, turned around, and yelled it out. And in no time flat a round foil container full of rice was covered in chicken, lamb, and pita slices. And then, it was in my hands. I looked at it. "This....is it?!" It didn't look like it was something half of New York would be tripping themselves over, but what do I know? I then looked to the right of the cart, and the person who ordered before me was squeezing the life out of a plastic bottle onto his bowl, completey drowning it in white sauce. "The sauce," I remembered. "It's all about the sauce." And so I walked over, squirted a fair amount of white sauce. And a more than hefty amount of the spicy red sauce, too. And then I sat down. On the sidewalk. And proceeded to eat... AND....? ------------- HOLY MOTHER OF HALAL FOOD CARTS THAT RED SAUCE IS HOT! It was fiery and amazing. A hellacious sweet symphony in my mouth. I then started to hiccup uncontrollably. And also started sweating profusely. But I couldn't stop eating. Oh my God. I ate. And I ate. No one was around to tell me to slow down. Whatever. Mixed the red sauce with the white sauce with the rice and chicken and everything else. And kept eating. Was the food that good? Or was I that hungry? (I did walk 8 miles earlier that day). Or was there something else in it? Crack? I couldn't tell. But I plowed through the whole container in one sitting. Stone cold sober. I looked around me. Countless other people of every color and creed were doing the same thing. This halal food cart, on the 4th of July, truly has brought everyone together. I would have felt more sentimental and patriotic, but it was late. SO WHY NOT 5 STARS? ---------------------------------- I think I made the mistake of not eating at any other halal food cart before this. I'll need to do so, for comparison's sake, and adjust my ratings accordingly. TIP ----- A second cart is at 52nd & 6th. Same yellow-shirted guys, probably to help with the overflow.
