My boyfriend hates the Philadelphia Eagles. Loathes them. Utterly despises them. It's been an area of contention in our relationship for some time now: I have enough tshirts and jerseys to keep me in clean clothes for two weeks. I am all for allowing my future children to experiment with different belief systems and choose which best suits them, if any. I am NOT willing to allow my future children to experiment with different football teams and choose which best suits them. Birds or bust. Last night, after an unbelievably romantic and delicious meal, boyfriend told me he'd be willing to convert to the Eagles...and I'm pretty sure Tria had something to do with it. On a so-spot-on-it-feels-like-telepathy suggestion from fellow Yelper Tracy W., boyfriend and I took the train from Absecon to Philly to celebrate his quarter century mark yesterday. We arrived at Tria after a brisk but fun walk from South Street a little after 7pm. The 20 minute wait time was far less than I expected and gave us some time to get a feel for the place. I instantly fell in love. Tria is the culmination of every delightfully decadent juxtaposition you can imagine: it is dark chocolate topped with sea salt. It is bacon, peanut butter, and chocolate chip cookies. It is melon wrapped in proscuitto. Tria has the potential to be pretentious to the max, but not a single person we encountered had even the faintest air that they might be aware of this. I know next to nothing about wines (that's boyfriends area of expertise,) so I let him have at it and ordered myself a glass of the Cava Brut. Stay where you're better acquainted, I always say. The menu was exactly what we were looking for. Everything sounded simple but satisfying, and each dish we tried was more impressive than the last. Even though this is a tapas bar, I am pleasantly shocked at how Tria can serve ample sharing portions of such fresh and creative food for such a reasonable price! We tried: Scottish smoked salmon on toasted brioche with marscapone and pine nut-raisin relish. The salmon was buttery and light without being overly oily. The brioche was the consistency of a well-textured poundcake. The pine nut-raisin relish gave the dish an unexpected but enjoyable texture. Loved the sweet and salty combination. Olive oil rosemary potato chips with truffle aioli. One of the standouts of the night. I love that Tria isn't stingy with the truffle; a lot of the dishes use it. I was hoping they'd truffle boyfriend and serve him. Maybe better luck next time. Truffled egg toast with Fontina fontal. This is what I will eat for breakfast everyday when I'm filthy rich. And a glass of champagne. I don't need those arteries anyway. Truffled mushroom with Fontina bruschetta. Another standout of the night. It's something special when you can smell exactly how the dish tastes before it's in your mouth. This bruschetta was a knockout. Carmelized onion with Feta bruschetta. This was boyfriend's favorite. I've never tasted onions so delicious. Smoked duck with poached cherries, pistachios, Grana Padano, spinach, and citrus-mint vinaigrette salad. This was the upset of the night, and I mean that in a great way. I'm not usually a fan of duck, but this salad changed my mind. A forkful with a little bite of everything produced the most complex, smokey-sweet, refreshing salad I've ever had in my life. In my life! We couldn't finish everything. I so badly wanted to try the banana, caramel, and marscapone panino...but it would have gone to waste. Tria has this impeccable way of balancing the crowd they undoubtedly get every night with the intimacy of sharing this experience with someone. We were seated at a 2-person table next to a wall/window. Even though we were very close to the table next to us, it felt like we were the only people in the room. It's such a novel experience at Tria. You're encouraged to sit and savor every minute of your time there. If you decide to order something to snack on, great. If you'd prefer to sit and enjoy a glass of wine, perfect. Our server didn't come around and demand, "Are you done?" She quietly but deftly swooped around and politely asked , "Are you still enjoying?" What a great way to put it. Now I'm not sure if it was the abundance of truffle he consumed, or the several glasses of wine he imbibed, or the sheer romance of the meal we had just shared, but on our way back to South Street, boyfriend uttered these words: "Can we move here? Please? If we move here, I'll become an Eagles fan." I'm dubbing this the Tria Effect. I cannot wait to come back...maybe next time I'll come home with a diamond ring!
