Solid food, good prices, normal time for delivery... except for the mix up described below.  Despite any issues, nothing will stop me ordering from this place because it's the only Indian place that will still deliver to our place over on the East Shore!   My main complaint with our most recent experience is that they delivered someone else's order to us.  The other people's order did have some things in common with ours, so we initially figured they just got our order wrong, and decided to not call them because we just wanted to eat and didn't want to wait another hour to get a new order.   So we opened up everything, and I even ate a piece of naan, but then the delivery guy called us back to say he gave us the wrong food, gave someone else our food, and was coming back to do a switch.  I told him that we'd started opening the food already, and offered to just keep it, but he said to just put everything back in the bags and that he was on his way back to get it.   After about another half an hour, he brought us our original order, which he'd delivered to someone else, which had also clearly been partially opened, and brought the other folks the food he'd given us, which we had also partially started opening (umm... and their food was missing a piece of naan.  Sorry!!).  I mean, I'm glad I got my food in the end, but kind of weird to give us food that has been in someone else's house for a while and vice versa... probably not the best practice, food safety-wise.  All's well that ends well, I guess!   Food: The fried stuff (samosas, pakora) was very greasy.  The garlic naan was stuffed w/ so much garlic that it would easily scare away Dracula - and we're garlic lovers. The potato naan was awesome, as were the main entrees, and for dessert, kheer is my favorite, and India Palace's doesn't disappoint.  Also, we didn't order this on this occasion, but I like that they usually offer some sort of combo meal, sometimes called the Thali, which is a good deal if you're ordering for more than 1 person, want to try lots of different things, or just want leftovers. My advice would be to stick to the classic dishes and try to double-check the contents of your bag before the delivery guy leaves :-)
