PiO PiO! First of all, the name itself is freaking awesome. I'm not much of a Spanish speaker (so I'm not sure if Pio Pio means anything) but the restaurant title itself already give them a 1 star advantage! Anyway, an old friend of mine is interning in the city this summer so we decided to catch up. We both decided Hell's kitchen is the area we want to be in so after I did some research, I decide to try this spot out. (Hello, again the title is awesome and how many PERUVIAN food places there is in the city?!) When we first walked in, there's a pretty adorable younger hostess greeted us. They asked if we made reservation and we didn't. (#1 rule, always just make a reservation so you can make sure you have a nice table reserve for you!). Basically, all the tables are full and reserved, so we have to settle for high tops table by the bar instead. We reluctantly said yes since that's the only option and we honestly have no desire to look elsewhere. Plus we really wanted to eat something different! So we sat down and the high top table is really not that bad for a party of 2. Cute candle light and honestly we felt like we were on a cute date in Spain. (SO YES, CUTE DATE SPOT TOO.) We looked at the menu and most of the name are in Spanish but the waiter is nice enough to explain everything to us so it made the process of selection so much easier. Also, don't be scared by the pricing (for all you college, post grad students or just anyone who doesn't feel like spending more than 20 on a dinner), the entree they have is TOTALLY shareable. So we went with the standard Peruvian "whole chicken" and picked flavor rice as the sides. Since we were also getting drinks after dinner, we just had ice water instead. 10 - 15mins passed by and the food are already on our table! The wait is NOT long at all. So for all you HUNGRY diner, this place is great. They also gave us this green spicy sauce that will goes with the chicken. Once we had a piece of that Peruvian chicken in our mouth, we lost all sort of cuteness and DEVOURED the chicken. Yes, we ate the WHOLE chicken like a champ. It was THAT good. LITERALLY THE BEST CHICKEN I HAD IN AWHILE. And the flavor rice is just ICING ON THE CAKE. When you know the WHOLE CHICKEN is gone by the end of our dinner experience, you know it is a damn good meal. Plus we had a great time catching up too. So yea, amazing time. And the whole bill only come out to less than $25 for a meal of 2! So next time you are looking for a CUTE, GREAT, AFFORDABLE, TASTY, DIFFERENT dinner place in Hell's Kitchen. Look no further. I promise you it will be an amazing dining experience. Grab that $20 in your drawer and let's come out here for a feast with great friends or date. Hope this help guys! Happy dining!
