Nothing better than dinner and a movie, especially when the two share a theme; And last night that theme was giant slabs of flesh. So, after watching Delicatessen a group of us decided it was high time we try the famed Fogo De Chao . And yes, once we arrived I was wowed, which is no easy task. The warm colors, walls of wine bottles and tall ornate ceilings complete with crystal chandeliers knocked me on my ass. It was instantly clear that the business owners knew how to take advantage of the City's historical architecture. The beauty of the dining hall, however, was hampered by a noteworthy echo created by the high ceilings, which resulted in a noisy dining environment. Once we were seated we were explained by our waiter the churrascaria way of serving and it was grand. You get a card, green on one side -red on the other; Green means "keeps it coming wit' the meat", red means "Stop- I'm dyin!"  The slabs of meat keep coming, with no limit, for 50 bucks a head. ($25 for lunch, with the same selection) The service was stupendous. The clearing of plates and refilling of the drinks was so fast I hardly noticed the waiters going through the motions of their profession. Food service was still a bit distracting since waiters would pop out without warning holding sizzling skewer of meat. This made the dining experience feel a bit like being accosted be meat ninja sometimes. (waiters need bells on each of 'em) Now as for the food, little can be said food that has not been said already. The seasoning tended towards salty and suited the Churrasco flavors. Nothing was too lean. If you ask for well done, got well done. Highlights included garlic steak, fillet mignon, bacon wrapped fillet mignon, and the chicken. The lamb was majorly disappointing though - way too gamey and tough. (and I Love lamb) The salad bar was impressive, but NOT worth $50. (or even $25) So, if you are a vegetarian this is not somewhere you should tag along with your carnivorous buddies. All in all a good meal. A solid 4 out of 5 if you're talking lunch.
