Celebrating a recent promotion, a good friend and I recently visited Tia Pol for a gorging and drinking fest of truly gluttonous scale.  A couple of bottles of vino later, I hastily jotted down some notes of that night's menu into my Blackberry, as a few more drinks and I wouldn't even remember how to get home to my apartment. Our gorge fest included: Octopus terrine - A loosely compacted 'loaf' of tentacles, it had been gently cooked and seasoned, giving it a very pure octopus flavor and delicate texture.  A must have if you like octopus. Squid w/ its own ink over rice - A recommendation that came with high regards from our waiter.  Unfortunately, the flavors were flat and totally uninteresting.  Gummy white rice was drowned in a pool of black squid ink sauce.  In the mercifully low lighting, the plate looked like a trainwreck. Gambas - The beauty is in the simplicity of these jumbo crustaceans, as well as the tasty juice that's sucked out of the head, and Tia Pol did them justice.   Peekytoe crab salad - Served over simply grilled bread, it was one of the top dishes of the night.  Very generous with the crab meat and very clean flavors.  One thing to note with crab is that medium quality crab can be a little muddy tasting.  I have to emphasize that the flavor of this crab was clean and bright, with a slight spike of acidity to bring it all together.  Again, another dish where a good quality ingredient shines through. Patatas bravas - A necessity for soaking up some of the wine.  They're good here, but a good patatas bravas is a veritable commodity amongst the various Spanish tapas joints. Lamb Skewers - I unfairly compared these to the $1 skewers that you'd get in Chinatown, but I felt like they weren't worth ordering again.  Good, but nothing to write home about. Razor clams and cockles in a wine/butter/shallot sauce - Although my stomach was at the point of bursting, we ordered a side of bread to sop up every last remaining bit of bi-valve scented butter sauce.  Along with the crab salad, it's something I would order again in a heart beat. I think there was a charcuterie platter somewhere in the mix.  Must not have been memorable enough to note in this review. As others have noted, the wait here can be a bit long during popular evenings (which is pretty much every night).  But fret not, the wines are an excellent time killer.  And if you're a bottle into the meal before you even sit down like we were, then you're certainly in for a delicious evening.
