After reading about the FDR as a new opening, I was anxious to try it out during our little family getaway weekend in Philly.  It was a quick walk from the Rittenhouse, which made it even more attractive. We had a very early reservation, which was perfect since we had a 6 and 3 year old in tow.  We would cause much less damage that way.  They behaved themselves well, and were treated very well by the staff.  Over the course of the early shift, I noticed an infant and a two year old in the small room as well, which is a good sign that the neighborhood is supporting the place out of the gate. The room has a very cosy feel, with a tile floor, bistro-style seating, and a banquette against the long wall.  The design evokes a turn-of-the-century american tavern, albeit much better lit.  The 4-top bar (for walk-ins) faces the open kitchen, rather than the barkeep with the handlebar moustache and sleeve gaiters you expect to see in this setting.  I thought the whole thing was charming and elegant.   The service leaned formal, but not cold.  The menu is in a little leather portfolio about the size of a cocktail napkin, with daily updates surrounding various proteins.  The chef is clearly willing and able to go out on an (American) limb with ingredients (e.g. burgundy snails & beef cheeks, which aren't really adventurous unless you pine for Olive Garden), and that is usually a sign that adventurous eating is rewarded.  It's definitely true here. There's no kiddie menu, but my six year old discovered the pleasure of pork belly (cooked perfectly with a very interesting demi-glace crust), and marinated pork loin on her order of highbrow pork and beans.  She didn't like the pork sausage that was the third preparation.  I tried it.  She was wrong.  All three preparations were superb and the beans, served in a cast iron cocotte and crusted with breadcrumbs, were decadent. My 3 year old ordered the fluke (ok, she ordered "fish", we chose the fluke).  She liked it ok, Mom and Dad loved it.  She did go GaGa for the house made potato rolls. My beef cheeks were incredible.  I have no idea what my wife had because she ate it so fast I didn't see it and she refused to share.  I think it's safe to say she liked it.   What a treat to find a place like this on vacation that, so early in its restaurant life, hits so many high notes so quickly.  Philly, I think you have a winner on your hands.
