I went with my two children on Sunday for lunch.   I LOVED the food and so did my kids. We could have given 5STARS with the food, but we had a bad experience initially and I have to give 3.5 - 4 STAR now because of it. It was a little after 1:30 when we arrived and many people were waiting.  Even though we initially had no space to wait, the kids behaved well.  Later we got to sit at the bench to wait.  Many people came and got seated.  Then, I realized that we had been skipped.  First I thought it was because we were three of us and they had seats for 2 available.  However, I witnessed that they were giving seats to others - party of 4 and 3 who came after us!  When the seating lady was giving another table to a newly arrived (probably had been there for 5 minutes VS us waiting over 30 minutes), I said to her, " you know we have been here waiting for very long."   She said, "because you have a baby" - ???? was my first reaction.   A baby?  My son is almost 4 and he was patiently waiting and behaving.... my daughter is much older - well-behaved as well.... It seemed that they have special seats that they preferred customers with children to sit.  Maybe they should have mentioned it to me when they were seating others but not enough words - for Japanese restaurant, even in the US, they need to educate their staff to have the kind of service you would expect in Japan. In Japan or from a Japanese staff, I would have certainly gotten a word from the staff asking us to be patient because they would prefer to corner seats and back seats to the customers with children as it would be easier for them to manage. For a second, I got rather offended when the woman called my son a baby and so was he - he almost cried!! Also, I was annoyed - because this woman asked everyone who came into check in her/ his coats and luggage but me.  I had three coats and a bag full of hats/ scarf and various things in a big bag!   I was worried about my experience of Soba-ya  would be terrible today and it made me sad as I came to celebrate my daughter's achievement. However, we got seated after few minutes to the seat which I did not was allowing kids (corner seat, but not at the back). Once I got seated, we ordered quickly. Dashi Tamago (omlet) from Appetizer menu mini sake oyako don (the salmon sashimi with salmon roe on the bed of rice) Kamo seiro (cold soba noodle with duck and scallion dipping sauce) Ten zaru (cold soba noodle with dipping sauce and tempura) Since our appetizer was to take sometime, a Japanese staff came and gave us edamame on the house.  Also, he was very careful in our drink order and also giving us various plates for various things.  It was really nice. My daughter LOVED her Kamo seiro.  Both kids LOVED Tamago (and so did I).  The dipping sauce for the Tamago was slightly different from soy sauce and it was nice. My Tempura was great - light and exquisite as good Tempura should be. The noodle was just right. The sake oyako don was excellent and my son and I really enjoyed it. So in the end, the food experience was great. I just hope that next time, they will educate the seating staff so that they do not offend customer like us....
