I got to dine last night at this Institution for Italian food with some friends.  Since they don't take reservations and you have to be a "friend" or really know someone, this was an offer I could not refuse. When I first drove up, the place looks like a very small corner establishment with only the name above the door.  If you did not know what you were looking at, you would really have no clue it was a restaurant.  You enter the place and it is small just like everyone says.  There is a full bar on the right and the bartender, Nick, has been here for over 38 years.  He was funny and friendly and full of funny stories.  I knew I was going to have a fun night and I did. My friends arrived and we were escorted to our table.  It seems to work that a very select group of friends have over the decades have reserved tables and unless you are with them or get permission to use their table, you are not sitting down for dinner.  So if you get invited to dine here, you have to go and experience this place.  The place filled up in about a half hour and stayed that way thru the night.  We had such a great time laughing and talking.  This is the magic of this place, everyone ends up talking with each other and it becomes like a family event. One large group worked their way outside in front of the place and was playing the guitar and singing!  Kind of a magical place. The food is served family style and the servers are very nice.  There is no menus and your server will sit with you and go over what is being prepared tonight.  We got some calamari, fried mozzarella, and fried soft shell crabs to start.  All very tasty.  The bartender came over and recited the available wines.  We took his suggestion and enjoyed numerous bottles. Main courses were two different kinds of pastas, lemon chicken, sliced steak, veal, and some more soft shell crabs.  Again, the food was good.  we were so full that the offer of dessert was passed up.  Before we knew it, we had been there for over 3 1/2 hours and it seemed like only an hour.  Again, if you get the chance to go here, go for it!  You will not be disappointed, but remember the food is good but the fun is fantastic.
