It all started something like this... Me: "Hey man, what are you up to today?  Want to go ride?" Buddy: "Yeah... I'm hungry though want to grab something to eat?" Me: "Sure, what are you feeling?" Buddy: "Cheesesteaks." Me: "Well who has good Cheesesteaks?" Buddy: "Philly." Me: "Ok?  How does that help?" Buddy" "We ride to Philly." Granted, it was a nice day out -- but the forecast was terrible.  We looked at the map and saw it was about 120 miles to Philadelphia PA from Long Island...  We looked again at the forecast.  Again at the map.   Again at the forecast. Buddy: "Okay, the storm is due in around 7PM, it's 12:30 now.  Two and a half hours there, two and a half hours back, that's six hours.  We'll even have a half hour left over to eat." I knew then and there that this was either going to be a great ride, or an epic failure -- but for now it was sunny and warm... screw it. why not?" We rode through New York city and down the Jersey Turnpike -- the monotony of the highway and the growl of the motor causing a constant mental struggle between concentration and the visions of thinly sliced ribeye, warm bread, onions, and of course melted cheese. The clouds were rolling in as we arrived in the city and parked the bikes next to the landmark Philadelphia tradition known as Geno's Steaks, and walked to the counter.  Undaunted by the light rain that started to fall, we each polished off the sandwich we had been craving. The ordering here is ridiculously fast paced -- the service (while polite and kind) was more interested in efficiency than small-talk, and you can understand why as the line only grew as the clouds rolled in. The sandwich itself, topped with american, provolone, or "whiz" was served hot and fast -- the bread still warm, and the steak tender and juicy -- but not greasy. As the sky grew darker we knew it was time to depart, but before we did we packed another two sandwiches into the saddlebags... you know... in case we got hungry again. The only drawback to the trip was the ride home -- ultimately we beat the weather (though literally by seconds).  I learned quickly that the combination of empty stomach + copious amounts of hot beef and cheese + the constant vibration of ones abdomen on a bike did not make for the most comfortable trip.  (Why that hadn't occurred to me beforehand is a mystery) That having been said, when I do go back (and I will) I'll make a point of staying a little longer for the great steaks, the great people, and to enjoy all this city has to offer.
