This is the best new restaurant i've been to in a long while!!! Went on a sunday evening and the place was dead, but hoping it's just the horrendous weather, because i am cheering for this one! At first i thought the menu was a little crazy - offers italian, latin, and american dishes - but once we ate, we got the idea. It's meant to be creative fare rooted in tradition, and totally hits the mark. My party shared three of the tapas/small plates offerings: mushrooms stuffed with blue cheese and spinach, fried potatoes, and french onion dumpling soup. The mushrooms and potatoes were both perfectly cooked and seasoned, but the soup was the star! Traditional french onion broth with dumplings stuffed with gruyere and carmelized onions - great twist and DELICIOUS. Entrees: skirt steak with rice and plantains - awesome and authentic. Steak was a perfect medium rare (not so easy with skirt!),      And both my friend and i agreed the plantains were outstanding - not overfried (too often the norm), nice and light, but still crunchy. Tortellini with creamy pesto and shrimp - i didnt try it, but my friend raved! Pappardelle "casserole" with sun dried tomatoes, peas, mushrooms, goat cheese - delish. The pasta was obviously fresh (not homemade though, i asked), and the concept was cool - the dish was presented in a hot cast iron pan that kept it all nice and warm and gooey. Eggplant stuffed with shredded chicken, ricotta, and mozz over cappellini. Beautiful and tasty. Loved the light marinara. Chef did it right! Portions are generous - we all took some home after sharing the tapas, and didnt have room for dessert. At the end of the meal Chef and Owner Johnny came out to say hi, which is always a plus in my book. His lovely wife was our server and they both seemed thrilled to have their own place. Extra points for dealing with our party's food allergies - nuts and gluten! Ambiance is very nice, not too casual, not too fancy. We left happy and will definitely be back! Lots of other menu items that looked interesting!!!
