I had Sunday brunch today with my brother, who was visiting from out of state, and my boyfriend. We've all been here before and enjoyed ourselves -- the food tends to be good for soaking up a hangover (the hearty, just greasy enough to be savory, but not enough to turn your stomach kind) and the bottomless Bloody Mary's and mimosas get the job done for the hair of the dog type or are just a good excuse to have a lazy Sunday. What's more, my brother actually demanded on delaying his 11 hour drive to have their Pig Pen entree (cheesy fries with pulled pork and gravy, essentially). We arrived at 11:05 a.m. (five minutes after opening) and surprisingly the restaurant was semi-full; there were tables seated with drinks. We had a choice of tables, however, and chose an outdoor spot, as it was a gorgeous fall day. Perhaps we should have thought twice when we were told that they were running a bit behind and menus would be coming shortly; perhaps the tipoff should have been that we were sharing the patio with a dozen obnoxious, entitled co-eds. Regardless, my brother wanted this brunch -- he was getting this brunch. Talk about a committed patron. Queue positive moment -- our waiter asked immediately if we wanted drinks and offered us the bottomless option. My boyfriend and I enthusiastically ordered our mimosas; I also asked for a coffee. I was told it wasn't brewed yet. (I noticed this comment in another review, which led me to believe that my review was worth writing, as clearly no one at Box 63 has taken note of some recently dissatisfied customers' constructive criticism.) Queue end of positive moment. By 11:20 we had mimosas, an OJ for my underaged brother, and waters all around. We had menus. We were making a comeback! Queue positive moment. Quick look through. We know what we want. We stack our menus to signal that we're ready to go. Our waiter comes by around 11:25-11:30 with coffee, takes our order, says he'll come back with another round of mimosas. We're happy. All is well. Mimosas came at 11:45; I was nursing mine, granted, but my boyfriend was looking forward to a champagne buzz for Sunday afternoon football and wasn't feeling the wait time. We're easy going people, though, and are just happy to be together, talking, enjoying each other's company on a gorgeous autumn day. Let's speed this up a bit -- we had three rounds of mimosas between 11:20 and 12:45. A threesome seated a good 15 minutes after us got their food around noon; we got ours at 12:45. The waiter was apologetic when it came late, but that was about it by way of apologies during this meal (I won't call warnings of shortcomings "apologies"). We had to ask for utensils at that point, so our waiter made an honest joke that I shut down by pointing out how long we had waited for food. (Usually I appreciate a good joke to lighten the mood but at that moment I couldn't muster it -- sorry, bud.) To add insult to injury, this was the worst food I've had there. My boyfriend's fries were cold and he thought he had the wrong burger only to be told that they changed the Coney Island (as in, took a chili burger and nixed the chili) but didn't rewrite the menu. There were no seasonings (not even S&P) on my scrambled eggs or grits (also not "cheesy"). And though my brother said nothing, his looked like very dry, stringy pork and cold, stringy fries with much to be desired for cheese or gravy. I debated writing this review, as I prefer to write about positive experiences and recognize the caveats that came with what I experienced today, particularly that it was Yale Parents' Weekend. What really perplexed me, however, and I've felt this before here, is that they come across as making things up as they go. I've worked in the service industry and would often have to come in three to four hours before we opened in order to be prepared. My recommendations: 1) Reservations only on Parents' Weekend or at least reservations required for large parties. 2) Brew the coffee ahead of opening. No one is coming here for gourmet coffee. Just get it ready. 3) Don't open before you're ready and be ready to open when you do. 4) Update your menu or advise people of menu changes when they order (or better yet, before they order). 5) Rather than catering to every whim of the spoiled college students with nowhere to be that we sat next to, consider better serving the adults and families who had other priorities on a Sunday. The mitigating circumstances may be worth giving Box 63 a two star rating; however, so many aspects of the two hours (and what we ordered and then received should NEVER have taken two hours!) we spent there were underwhelming or frustrating, and this is not Box 63's first Parents' Weekend. They should have been prepared, so ultimately, I have to go with one star and hope that they take these things into consideration and implement a few thoughtful changes before I venture there again and certainly before my brother's yearly visit.
