So this review is for their $75 thanksgiving dinner. Though it was a special menu, hopefully this helps people anyways. Hostess: totally pleasant and professional Bartender: (guy with dark hair and a ponytail, don't know his name) also pleasant and professional-and most importantly, attentive. Immediately greeted us upon our approach to the bar. I had a champagne cocktail (yum) and the bf had a drink which involved homemade pumpkin soda. Sounds weird, right? Well I tried it and it was really really good. The pumpkin flavor was light and more of an aftertaste. Wouldn't want to do more than one but damn that one was good! Interior: nicely done and the bathrooms were kinda like horse stalls and very spacious and clean Once we're ready to sit, the table is in that back room that shares a wall with madam geneva. As we're entering the threshold, there's a couple of staff members talking and whatnot. No biggie-especially cause hey it's thanksgiving and who would want to be working, and let's be merry and all that. We sit and we are there long enough that the bf has to get up and ask about our server. And trust me, we are not *those* people. We've both worked in the industry and we get it. Well guess what? Our server is a female who is one of the people who was hanging out bs-ing upon our entry. Not cool. She gets to our table and gives a quick apology and we move on. Also about mid or end of entrée, a redheaded guy with facial hair started taking care of us through to the end and he was great. He probably told us his name but I don't remember. Lastly we had already ordered our bottle from the server when the sommelier showed up. Maybe just lack of or miscommunication, no big deal. He returned to cork and pour our wine. Also pleasant and professional. We had: Apps: Salad with bacon and kale and squash (crazy yum) Carrot ginger soup (also awesome) Entrees: Turkey with special fixin's including kumquat cranberry sauce. Could have been better, was just not necessarily thrilling Sweet potato miso rav: awesome Sides: Cauliflower gratin-meh but the crunchy on top was good Brussels sprouts with some sort of chili sauce-yum! But this may be due to the fact that we both heart Brussels sprouts so it'd be hard for us not to like Mustard mash-meh. Too much mustard, not enough or any salt or butter-and we're not big salt or butter people Chorizo cornbread stuffing-better than meh but nothing earth shattering The tower of treats for dessert was ok, also nothing special except for the pumpkin cheesecake which was mighty tasty Overall a fairly good experience and would go again to try the regular menu but may just work off of apps bc based on my experience and from others I've heard, those are truly the standouts.
