Walking by, it looked too fancy for a weekday meal, but I was drawn in by the sidewalk chalkboard promise of lunch specials.  The interior looked nice.  However once seated the actual list of lunch specials was a bit thin on actual meals... more like odd combos of individual items.  A taco + a tostada?  Well a tostada is pretty much a flat taco, so I don't get the pairing. I went with a chicken dish served with rice and beans, which the bartender said was probably the best choice if I wanted to eat a decent portion size.  Yay.  I was in the middle of a 3-hr walk and needed some fuel and liquids. Then I waited.  While sipping my tiny Mexican coke, trying not to finish it off before eating, I overheard the staff pitching other guests to try their hot sauces.  I would have liked to try some hot sauces, but noticed there were no chips being dispersed.   It was also during this no-food period that the bartender tried to entice me and others to buy their drink special... a lunch margarita for $9.  His value proposition was it was from a "freshly tapped keg" of margarita mix.  Yum.  But I explained I had work to do.  I didn't mention a disdain for pre-mixed margarita drinks, especially costing $9.   Finally my food arrived and they brought with it 2 salsas.  I'm guessing the chicken was roasted several hours beforehand because it was overcooked/dry - as if sitting in a steam table for too long.  And it was just the leg, about 1/5th of a broiled bird you'd get at a supermarket.  It was also void of anything tasting "Mexican."  The beans were decent and the rice was blah (but most rice is blah in combo meals). On the flip side, the salsa were amazing.  If only there were chips or tortillas or other salsa delivery methods one usually gets in a Mexican eatery.  A waste of product. Halfway through I was out of Coke and asked for water, which was served in a vessel not much bigger than a shot glass.  Again this wasn't offered but needed to be asked for.  It was then I noticed this pattern of style over substance.  Of putting up a facade rather than genuinely wanting to feed people.   Mexican food is about family and abundance and celebration.  Of serving your guests, not trying to extract from them. Unfortunately Chavela's, to me, is a place trying to act Mexican and nails it when it comes to salsas and tiles, but doesn't have the soul.  Like their margarita, they just aren't authentic.
