So I went to Pig and Khao tonight, again, and brought my cousin and his girlfriend who are both chefs in New England.  I love the food there!  Still do despite the ridiculous experience that we had with the chef tonight.  My cousin and his girl have been here for 3 days now and I have taken them to a multitude of places.  At the end of dinner my cousin expressed that he was most impressed with the food at Pig and Khao and he would love to say thanks to the chef and just ask some questions about her inspiration with the food.  Her staff was great, one of the gentleman is actually from the same area that my cousin is from so the energy was there. Chef Leah had been there all night looking after the kitchen staff. Not to mention it's a Monday night and the restaurant was not really busy at all.  I told my cousin just ask the server to have her come over, she is right there.  You could tell the waiter was apprehensive.  I watched, with my own eyes, the server told her we would like her to come over, she glanced at the table, took a sip of her drink and rolled her eyes.  She walked by our table two times, going to the front bar making small talk with the new bartender, who was great, and then walking back to the kitchen, about 5 minutes had passed by then poof she disappears.  The bill comes, $249.00 spent between 4 people.  A great dinner, again I have no qualms with the food but Chef Leah, no hospitality what so ever, even on a Monday night.  She is the prime example of why I am fed up with the food industry in NY.  Attitude and lack of hospitality. I really would have loved to have Chef Leah do a Master Chef class at my culinary center.  Granted, I am no ICE but even still, I would have loved to bring attention to her food and passion to people who do not travel far out of their comfort zone but because we were not a food critic for NY Times or someone who she deemed important, she passed us on by.  I have welcomed pig and khao to NYC with open arms and defended the restaurant when others claimed that in this sea of culinary adventure, otherwise known as NYC, that this restaurant  wasn't that good at all but now.... I will never go there again. It is not worth my time or my money. What makes me laugh about it all is finding this video of a very phony experience that Chef Leah claims to offer.  Instead of blaming her restaurant group for her failure, maybe she should study hospitality, a virtue that doesn't seem to come naturally to her. It seems that this might be the true struggle with her restaurant.  tmz.com/2013/09/19/top-c…
