I have the great misfortune of being absolutely in love with Asian food of all kinds and varieties.  I say "misfortune" because I happen to be married to a fine gentleman who would rather eat burgers and Mexican food than anything else.  Needless to say, we rarely want the same thing for dinner, and this ends up creating some dissatisfaction on date night. Well, after several years of trying, I finally convinced him that we should try to find a great Indian place close to home.  I looked at Yelp, I looked at Google, and I came up with Arusuvai. We went on a Sunday, at 5:00.  The restaurant closes between lunch service (it looks like they have an extensive buffet) and dinner, and we were the first people there for dinner.  The atmosphere is kind of generic (sorry!) with some Indian textiles and pictures on the walls.  It is clean, though, and spacious, and they have authentic Indian music playing in the background.  It is bring your own bottle if you want alcohol, but I think water is a MUST with the spicy food.  They do refill the water frequently (and, as a matter of fact, they happily left the water pitcher for us after our fifth refill). Although both of us have tried Indian before, we had no idea what to order, and we asked the waiter to make recommendations.  He was SO accommodating and kind, and genuinely happy to make suggestions.  We ordered everything he suggested, and we were not disappointed.  FYI, although we ordered our food spicy, the waiter seemed more than willing to tone down the spice for us.  We just felt like being adventuresome. First, we started with soup.  I had the vegetarian and my spouse had the crab meat soup.  They were both spicy and fragrant and I remember thinking, "This is a good opening note."  I had no idea how blown away I was going to be when the other dishes were served.   We next tried the Shrimp Manchurian and, wow, was it phenomenal.  Imagine the best General Tso's shrimp you've ever had, and then elevate it to the tenth power.  Seriously spicy, seriously delicious.   Then we had the masala dosa.  It kept getting better and better.  This was onions and potatoes, wrapped in a huge pancake that is probably fried (it's very crispy on the outside).  you break off pieces, and dip them in two cool sauces that accompany the dosa:  one seems to be yogurt based, and the other had more of a tomato base.  I could have stopped here, and been perfectly happy and satisfied.   But, of course, i didn't. My dear spouse had ordered some kind of tandoori chicken for his meal.  The waiter kindly suggested that he consider ordering it "masala," which meant that the chicken would be accompanied by sauce.  Otherwise, it was just cooked chicken, which is still delicious, but he didn't want us to be disappointed that there was no sauce.  We went with the sauce.  I ordered ennai kathirikai, a spicy eggplant dish, as recommended by the very helpful waiter. My eggplant was delicious.  The problem was I was so full from everything that came before, that I had it wrapped after only a few bites.  BUT the tandoori chicken dish was OUT OF THIS WORLD.  One of my favorite things I've ever eaten.  The accompanying sauce was spicy, complex, and mouth-wateringly delicious.  There were notes of cinnamon and cream, and I was eating it by the spoonful.  My spouse, who does not have much tolerance for spice, had tears streaming out of his eyes, but he could not stop eating this chicken.  He also wrapped a little to go, and he ate it the very next day. I had the benefit of a mango lassi, which is really best described as a delicious yogurt smoothie that helps your mouth recover from the spice in the food.   I had some tears too, but the lassi definitely helped. I think the best endorsement of this restaurant that I can give is the following:  We are going back to Arusuvai tonight, one week later.  And I can't wait. I finally have my wish:  a go-to Indian place, close to home with really great service, and even better food.
