I've loved Isabella's for years. I also haven't been in years and had just come from the museum so it was bound to happen haha. I remember having enjoyed my food last time I was there and then checking out the menu online and seeing that it looked pretty kid friendly it looked like a go. We got there at just the right time because it got packed by about 7pm on a weekday no less. Went with the family and the little one. Mom and I both had drinks, she didn't finish hers but I did finish mine. Something with vodka, pear and prosecco, nice and light and light tasting. We had the meatball spring rolls as an appetizer which were so good I forgot to take a picture, just dug in. Dad had spaghetti and meatballs and didn't even share. Mom had gnocchi with short ribs which was awesome and hearty. I had the pumpkin ravioli because I subscribe to the get pumpkin while you can theory. I loved it because it was so savory but filled with so many familiar flavors. I hate amaretti cookies but I love them on top of pasta for some reason and then a Parmesan cream sauce to boot. It's not a huge serving but between that and the appetizer I definitely didn't leave hungry. Mom has always been a fan of creme brûlée from here and was overjoyed to have pumpkin. Tasted like a really good creamy pumpkin pie filling. The little one had the chocolate bag which is absolutely adorable and what could possibly go wrong with a kid eating a ton of dark chocolate and yummy mousse and berries? It was devoured same as I did years ago. I had the salted caramel cake because I'm also on the salted caramel bandwagon (bet you didn't know there was one) and it was delicious. In a pool of like a thin creme englaise so it's like some weird cream soaked salty cake. Love. Our server was great and attentive and answered all my stupid questions because I couldn't decide what to eat and when in doubt I ask the server. By the way, coming from the museum it was probably only slightly more than you would spend in the cafeteria with the addition of alcohol and gourmet desserts. So if you're doing a full day and want to relax after all the walking do it here. Especially if you don't feel like seeing too many more kids in the cafeteria or local burger places. Nice spot on UWS though for sure.
