This is my second time going to puk puk. I loved first visit at the old location and literally been dreaming to go back. What a disappointment!! 1.curry noodle:  it is served at the  warm tempeture as if its been sitting there for a while. It started with rather mild curry flavor and ended with sweet coconut note. However flavor lacked the dimension. It was meh. The most interesting thing about this dish is contrast of soft &crispy noodles which get old pretty quickly.  I really wanted to like this dish since I am such a noodle junkie.  But I can't.   2. Pork neck : I had it before &just loved it. It was salty & acid . Iced green they serve with is just enough to cut through that strong fish salty acid note. However again it was served at rather warm temp compared to my first time of sizzling hot temp. 3. Some kind of collard green stew.:it was interesting bitter Savery note. Would try again . 4. Service:now this is where I have problem. I was sitting at the bar. And this server came over started to take away dishes and she spilled the left over brooth all over my pants!! the worst part of it, she just kept going on till I start to scream at her. Seriously?!! How stupid can she be? When I was visually upset, she told me she will grab some napkin, which took her good 5 min. Was she apologetic at any point? NO!! Did I feel that she genuinely cared about her mistake? NO! Manager came by and sooth thing out. But I left the restaurant as a pissed customer with bitter feeling in my mouth. I worked in restaurants before. mistake can be made. But when u screw things up, u don't just keep going on with attitude. Then, I will have problem. Overall, I definitely feel that this place is not as good as it used to be. They do have some of more interesting dishes.Is it still good? It is still above your average thai restaurant for sure. If u haven't try this place, please give it a try. But for me who ranked this joint as one of the best thai I ever had in nyc, I wouldn't go back. The server's attitude tells me  they just don't care  -  not to mention the quality went down. I can happily drop down my $100 somewhere else where they serve delicious food & appreciate my business. -not living on this hipster hype. Sadly, my journey to find great thai place still continues. ..
