I have to admit that I had been waiting to try this place out for months before it had officially opened, and I was most definitely not disappointed. Being a slave to Septa, it's super easy to get to. Right down the street from the Girard El stop. A major plus in my book. If you're not a beer drinker, this place might be lost on you. Even though they do have a full bar, what's the point of going to a beer garden and not drink beer? One thing I love is that they are they only bar in Philly that sells Dogfish Head My Antonia. OMG! So good. You must try that beer. Since we were at an actual beer garden I wanted to fully experience it, sooo I ended up ordering one of their litres of beer. My choice was the Great Lakes Dortmunder Gold. The bartender was super cute. Super friendly, and I really appreciated her letting us sample some beers before finally deciding. If you're ordering a giant beer, you want to make sure you like it first. I was pleasently surprised with the whole beer staying cold the entire time. I thought for sure by the time I had half of it that it would be warm, but sure enough it stayed cold until the last sip. Must've been because of the thick glasses. On to the food. I ordered a frankfurter and fries. The frankfurter was super tasty, and the sauerkraut wasn't too vingerey. But the fries. YUCK! Even drunk they were extremley salty. I spent $5 on an order of fries I couldn't even eat. Also, they come with this weird curry ketchup. Don't mess with ketchup, the curry taste was disgusting and with the salty fries. Ugh. Ieave ketchup alone haha It's a classic for a reason. The bathrooms are a little dark and creepy and the napkins in the bathroom make your hands smell awful, but other than that I have nothing bad to say. Lovely wait staff, Lots of seating. I loved the bench seating in the back with the barrels as tables. Favorite part. Also, the prices I found were really reasonable and budget friendly. Oh! And they have ping pong tables! I will most defintiely be returning and hopefully soon!
