Overall is really a 3.5 star.  The atmosphere is cramped and loud (maybe a 2.5 star), but the creativity of the food gives it a leg up (a little less than 4 stars for food).  Spicy pork & rice cake was phenomenal! ATMOSPHERE: Always packed and no reservations taken; wait for 2 ppl on a Sunday night around 8:30 was 15-20 minutes (waited in the attached "BAR BAR" - see below). The restaurant only has about 6 larger tables (seats 6ish comfortably, but they pack in 10ish) and just a few smaller tables (3-4 seats; will not let a couple sit there alone).  All of the pairs of 2 had to sit at the crammed bar, and there was not really a particular waiter.  The service was not very attentive (total mish-mosh) b/c of the chaos at the bar, but it was normal for the environment. Definitely do not go for a romantic date; only go if you want to try some creative Asian fusion and don't mind a lot of noise and cramped seating. FOOD: Deconstructed, contemporary Asian fusion. Takes spice and Asian flavors and creates new culinary experiences. Steamed buns of pork belly, hoisin, cucumbers, scallions ($10); only 2 come on this plate; not a traditional bun at all; it was more of a doughy taco; the bread (maybe ~3" in diameter) was fluffy and slightly chewy (as it should be) and folded over 2 sliced ~1.5" pork belly pieces; could have used more sauce, as I had to use more sriracha to give it more flavor.  The best part of it was definitely the bread.  It was a different bun experience, but nothing amazing.  Definitely worth a try, but will not necessary crave it. I would give it a 3.5 of 5 stars. Spicy pork sausage & rice cakes w/ chinese broccoli, sichuan peppercorn ($18) - definitely the best dish of the night; not really a sausage, as it was more ground pork mixed with chinese broccoli and spices; definitely not skimpy on the meat or chinese broccoli; salty (on the cusp of being overly but did not reach it); the best part was the rice cakes - they are 1" pieces of the cylindrical rice cakes (in Korean, ddukboki duk) but they are incredible b/c they are really crispy on the outside and have the chewy inside. Decent portion for an entree. One of the most interesting dishes I've ever had. 4 or 4.5 stars out of 5 for this dish Wild catfish w/ corn curry, green mango, peanuts ($23) - lightly breaded ~3" square piece (the crisp was executed well); flavor was slightly above average (could have used more of a punch but had a balanced flavor); however, it was mushy at parts - almost to the point where I thought it was globs of fat and some parts were stringy (hard to cut through); good portion if you're not really hungry; I would give it a 3 or 3.5 overall flavor, but for the quality of the fish itself is 2 stars. Would not recommend (also note that the waiter told me this was better than the chicken, so i assume the chicken wasn't great either). BAR BAR: Practically empty on a Sunday night, although the restaurant portion was jam-packed. Only had a severely abbreviated food menu (steamed buns were on it though), and they only offered one type of red and white wine (the red was HORRIBLE - super watery and at $13 nonetheless).
