I had closed my Yelp account at one time, but not before I had the distinctive honor of being the first to review this place.  Back then Yelp didn't even have a Malaysian category.  Can you imagine that??    I can't!!!! Now, I know you, the gentle reader, are thinking, "cool story, bro," because that is what I'M thinking too!! Anyhoo, I've been going to Taste Good since about 1997 or 1998.  My my ex is Malaysian and introduced me to all foods Malaysian, and to this day it is still my favorite cuisine.  This is one of my favorite restaurants too, to which I can't figure out why I haven't reviewed it sooner. The place is not very big.  Long and rectangular in shape, and a little narrow, but not stuffy.  If you only have 2 people in your party you may end up sharing a table.  For me that was kind of weird at first, being an ang-mo, but you quickly can get over it once the food starts flowing. Focusing on the dishes I've had the most, their roti canai is a great place to start.  Their is very good and has been pretty consistent over the years.  If you've never tried it, it's a soft flat bread, and if its done the way I like it it's almost crispy while still being soft a pliable.  It's used for dipping in a a thick spicy curry sauce which often has a small piece of chicken or potato in it.   Technically:  "Roti canai (roti paratha) originated from southern India, but was modified and made famous by the mamak (Muslim-Indian) hawkers in Malaysia and Singapore. In Malaysia, this crispy and buttery (actually made with ghee) flat bread is called roti canai but across the straits in Singapore, they are commonly known as roti paratha. Source:  rasamalaysia.com/roti-ca… Main dishes are beef rendang, which is curried chunks of beef, stew like.  Often spicy.  Nasi lemak is a huge favorite of mine, which is coconut rice, curried chunks of chicken, anchovies, peanuts, hard boiled egg and cucumbers.  This dish rocks. Another favorite is their curry mee, which, again, is curried broth/soup with noodles, chicken, aw hell... THIS:  yellow Hokkien noodles and thin rice noodles ("bee hoon") and beansprouts, topped with cubes of coagulated pig's blood, cuttlefish, shrimps, tofu puffs & tiny cockles Source:  chowhound.chow.com/topic… Their curry mee is a "hit the spot" dish on a cold day, same like pho would be. OK, that's it for this review -- long in the making, crappy as always.  As always, read Jando's review.  He knows. But if you find yourself at Taste Good on purpose, it's for a good reason, and you will like.
