Osteria is one of those places that upon entering you feel like you're somewhere else.  It has a somewhat industrial feel to it and it can be loud inside, but hey, it's full because it's good.  This is not the place to go for a quiet contemplative dinner for two. I've been here three times-the last time I went we had the pizza so I can vouch that it is superb.  Thin crust, slightly charred from the oven, good ratio of ingredients, totally delicious. (corn, scallion, truffle oil and buffalo mozz is spectacular) Last night we sat at the bar.  Immediately after sitting the bartender made an ordering mistake and gave us a surplus order of robiola and mushroom ravioli!  The Gods were smiling upon us for patiently waiting and hawking those seats, and rewarded us with those delicate, fluffy pillows of cheesy goodness. We then ordered the pork belly with melon and mint salad.  It was an amazing combination of textures, flavors, and temperatures. The pork was warm, salty and half meat to fat and melted in your mouth.  The melon was cool and refreshing, and along with the mint and acidic vinaigrette cut the fat of the pork belly.  Washed that all down with a glass of Friulano, which paired nicely with that, and our next course... Calamari spaghetti tasted like the sea.  The pasta was perfectly cooked, the calamari was chopped and mixed throughout, and the parsley sauce lended a delicious herbal burst of flavor to compliment the salinity of the fish. We lastly ordered the rosemary veal, which was good.  Served with nectarines and artichokes maybe? The veal was cooked nicely- the whole dish didn't leave much of an impression with me. We opted to try the polenta budino for dessert- which I have to say I am still thinking about and was probably one of the best desserts I've ever had in my life. Served in a cappuccino cup, the bottom layer was a creamy and slightly sweet polenta pudding specked with vanilla.  The natural sweetness of the corn meal really came out with a little sugar and vanilla, and I'm sure a healthy dash of cream.  The next layer was a gianduia mousse (chocolate and hazelnut), which was everything that a gianduia candy should be in liquid form. Lastly it was topped with salty and sweet caramelized toasted hazelnuts.  The combination of creamy, chocolatey, toasted nut, salty and sweet flavors were absolutely delicious. I really regret not licking the cup.
