Heed of warning before coming here: remember to always make a reservation because you're definitely going to need one if you want to dine here (especially on Fridays and weekends)! I hear the wait can be even up to 4 hours here--that's insane! Thank god we didn't have to wait at all, or else I would have been cranky (I'm super impatient, heh). With that said, we didn't have to wait because we had a reservation made already days in advanced. They seated us immediately as we got there. Wow, now let me tell you about the atmosphere at this nifty restaurant. As soon as stepped foot into the dining area, the servers and chefs yelled out a warm and loud welcome to us. I guess they yell out this gesture every time new diners or parties arrive because it was done occasionally as people walked in to be seated. We were seated at a long square table in the center of the dining room, which seats about 20 people or so and has a tree planted in the middle--kind of like a garden centerpiece (very cool!). The restaurant has a very Japanese feel to it; Japanese poems line the walls and the restaurant is dimly lit. For our appetizers, we started with the shishito peppers and the vegetarian banh bao buns. The peppers are extremely light and tasty. It is very fresh and is topped with a little sea salt and lime. The banh bao had fried eggplant and mushroom in between the buns. By far, this is one of the best banh bao bun I've had in the city. It was so tasty that we ordered another (one order comes with two buns). Although a little pricey--$9.00 for two buns--they're definitely worth it! For our entrees, we of course got their famous noodle soups. The noodle soups were a huge disappointment, however. I've had quite a lot better noodle soups elsewhere for half of the price they charge here. I'm not saying their soup isn't good--it is--it's just not that great, and definitely not worth the $15 I paid for. For my dessert, I got the green tea crepe cake with mascarpone and topped with more green tea ice cream. While also tasty, it wasn't blow-your-mind out of this world great. It was visually beautiful, though! While this restaurant is proficient at providing a great dining experience and great customer service, I would probably only come back next time for their appetizers and possibly their desserts.
