[This review covers both Pat's and Geno's, so it's posted at both pages.] So for some reason, my crazy friend, Elliott, and his friend, Bill, decided to drive from Richmond, VA to my house (oh, probably about 5 hours) Saturday morning to go into Philadelphia for cheesesteaks. Why? To put the ages-old debate between Pat's King of Steaks and Geno's Steaks to rest once and for all... Not that the debate will ever really die... We ended up hitting Pat's first, then trekking all over the city, only to return to Geno's before heading home.  Gotta work off the calories, yanno! In the end we all came to pretty much the same conclusion. Overall Pat's really is the King of Steaks. Geno's decor was overwhelming and gaudy. We did not find the giant picture of a cheesesteak surrounded by flashing neon lights on the roof to be particularly endearing and certainly did not add to the flavor of the sandwiches. The bright neon orange slathered all over every possible paintable surface did not help, either. I greatly preferred and appreciated the understated and unassuming simplicity of the decor (or lack thereof) that we found at Pat's. They still had what looked like the original Pepsi sign with their name. We were also taunted by a 10 year old walking by with a Geno's cup while we were minding our own business, sitting on the curb eating our steaks. None of us appreciated the blatant politics of Geno's either. For those unaware of the controversy, a few years ago Geno's was sued for having a sign on their window that said "This is America, Speak English when ordering!!"... While I acknowledge their right to have whatever signs broadcasting whatever politics to which they ascribe, I find the hypocrisy of their Italian heritage coupled with their obvious prejudices to be quite distasteful. On to the actual food. The rolls from both place were exactly the same. More bread than meat - first bite: all bread. The onions at Pat's were actually fried, with that caramelized color and flavor I like in my onions (when on a cheesesteak, that is). Geno's onions seemed to have been lightly fried, more from incidental contact. They were still so crunchy that they were almost fresh. Not that I mind fresh onions, but fried onions aren't supposed to have that fresh-onion zing. They're supposed to be fried. The cheese. I could barely taste the cheese at Geno's. I opted for provolone, while my companions opted for the orange cheese-snot product called Cheez-Whiz. Pat's was generous with their provolone and the steak was hot enough to actually melt it before I was able to sink my teeth into it. Initially my companions did complain about the Whiz oozing out of the sandwich and onto the paper, but after eating at Geno's they realized that having enough Whiz to *taste*, much less have ooze out of the sandwich was a blessing, not a curse. Finally, the steak. This is the one point that we did have to give to Geno's. Pat's steak was shredded, more or less, which is really the way every cheesesteak I've had is. I have no complaints at all about shredded steak, however Geno's steak was sliced, so it actually maintained the classic "steak" texture, more reminiscent of roast beef than typical cheesesteak. This is really more about the style of cheesesteak than the quality. Though Geno's sliced style was a bit tastier, it wasn't what I think of when I think of a true Philly Cheesesteak. All in all I prefer the cheesesteak experience I found at Pat's King of Steaks. The fries were delicious (though I didn't try the fries at Geno's, I suspect they're about the same), the line moved faster, the onions weren't overwhelming, but just added to the sandwich, the cheese was tastier and meltier, and the whole experienced oozed real, authentic Philadelphia culture. If you want a taste of what Philadelphia really is all about, I'd recommend Pat's King of Steaks.
