This was my second visit to Burger and Barrel and my very last.  My first visit was ok but the burger was good enough to warrant a second visit.   First trip:  The restaurant was about 25% full so service was good, but the food arrived way too fast.  We had our appetizer at our table before our first drink.  Then our burgers came out about 5 minutes into our appetizer.  I hate being rushed between appetizer and entree.  The server was nice enough and understood our qualms - I think she comped a drink for us, which was not necessary but certainly appreciated. Like I said, the burgers were good enough to warrant a second visit last night.... but never again... Second and last trip:  We walk in and have to stand in front of the hostess station for what seemed like an abnormal amount of time - the hostess was there, but she was not eager to welcome us.  Not a single smile, not a single "enjoy your meal".  I mentioned to my boyfriend that she's a model/actor first, hostess second - totally spaced out.  But that was fine... not going to ruin my meal. What DID ruin my meal was the LIVE ROACH that was on my plate!!  I was half way through my burger, looked down to grab a french fry and I noticed something big and brown coming out of my fries - yeah.... a live freaking roach!  I screamed and jumped up from my seat as the roach then scurried across the table.  There was a great food runner who noticed right away and grabbed it with a napkin and set it free outside.  No one else seemed to care!  We walked up to the space cadet hostess and she just said "whaaaa???"  So the runner had to tell her perhaps you should get the manager.  Even then it took her a minute to respond.  Not the sharpest tool in the shed at all.  Finally the manager came and he didn't believe us at first!!  Really???!  Luckily the runner was there and told him everything - so his first response?  "you want us to fire up more burgers for you?"  Are you out of your mind?  No, never, I will never be back.  So he then pretended like he was doing us a favor by comping our meal - great thank you.  He just wanted us out of there before we made a scene - but thanks to Yelp I can speak my mind.   Do not go there unless you want to eat insects with your burger.
