The Wishing Well is kind of my go-to place for when I'm trying to drink some fancy-pants wine and beer. They aren't full of pretense (screw you, Tria), they aren't fine dining, but they have a solid menu and kind of a cute decor. Unfortunately, I don't think they really know what they want to be. On my first trip there, I met up with a couple of friends who had went there for dinner. Although I didn't actually get a meal, I was impressed with what they offer. They are part of the "slow food" movement, which was kind of nice to see. I can get down with that, although if I was super hungry I'd probably get annoyed. The menu also changes pretty regularly depending on the seasons and what's freshest. Love that. My friends loved their meal, particularly the catfish that was on the menu at the time, and I was OBSESSED with my strawberry rhubarb pie. I don't even LIKE strawberry rhubarb pie but this was super good and kind of tart and had a scoop of lavender ice cream on top. I loveloveLOVED it! It took awhile to get, but you could tell that it was literally made to order. I've also had zucchini fries there, which were not what I was expecting but in the best way possible: hollowed out zucchini, "flowered", stuffed with goat cheese (omg) and fried. Quite possibly a combination of my favorite things. I want it to never leave their menu. Some day I will try their SHAME burger, but only when I'm feeling particularly gluttonous. Their wine and beer list is pretty good. Not as extensive as some other places (in terms of beer, at least), but good and not too pricey. I had a really good chenin blanc there, and they also serve Brew Works Space Monkey in a pint glass! My job didn't even do that, and I think our pours are better than most places. Now onto the bad. First, service is really hit or miss. My first night there we had a dude server who was really friendly, nice, and on top of things. He even let me taste the chenin blanc before I had a full pour without me even asking! The most recent times there though I had a blond lady server who just really rubbed me the wrong way. She didn't smile much and had a judgmental air about her. Not towards other people, just to me. She messed up my drink order and was super slow about fixing the situation. Also, one night I was there during beer week and not only was there no draft list, she refused to let me see the bottle list because "they didn't really have much in stock right now". Ok, fine, but I see people at the bar drinking bottles and a group of people in the back dining area sharing a 25oz bottle of something. I thought that was so rude, especially considering most of the bottles I drink are expensive. Whatever, though. Your loss on raising the check price, lady. Secondly, although this place is trying to be high-class with the warm, minimalist decor and more refined service (excluding the blond girl), the neighborhood is definitely turning it into a sports bar type of place. It was MOBBED during the Stanley Cup of drunk assholes screaming and falling all over the place. It can get like that during Phillies games too. While it's not The Wishing Well's fault, they either need to do something about how their clientele acts or adapt to what people want it to be. Also? Their sign is fucking awful. But honestly, I do reallyreally like this place and I try to go as often as my wallet allows.
