I went to Yuca Bar on Friday night with my girlfriend, both her and I am are now in love with the place. I would first like to add we are latino so our expectations of latin american food is high. We were initially going to another restaurant, but ended up here when we heard the music and saw the crowd inside. The music selection was excellent they were playing all the goodies (Mana, Juanes, Marc Anthony) I couldn't have asked for a better latin music selection. The place was a bit crowded and our seats were less than ideal. Unfortunately, we were seated literally inches from another couple, but what restaurant lacked in space they made up for with thier food and drinks. We ordered a platano relleno which I HIGHLY recommend. The platano relleno is a full fried sweet bannana  plantain stuffed with roasted pork (traditional cuban style), drizzled with sour cream on top. The sweet plantain in combination with the salty flavorful pork is honestly a masterpiece, and the sour cream gives it that creamy delicious aftertaste. My only regret is not ordering another one. For our main course we ordered the paella which was better than average. The rice and chorizo were delicious, but i have had better seafood (not that it was terrible). My girlfriend and i split the paella and platano relleno which was enough for the two of us. For drinks I ordered a mojito which was strong (exactly the way i like it) and it was perfect. My girlfriend ordered two margarita's, one was frozen and one wasn't. Im not a fan of frozen drinks so i didn't try it, but i tried the regular margarita and i thought it was pretty good. Our waiter was incredibly attentive and sweet. She knew the menu well and made several recommendations to us. She even threw in a free drink which was very nice of her. She brought our drinks out immediately and refilled my water the second that i finished it. All in all i would defiantly recommend this restaurant to a friend. The only reason i didn't give them 5 stars is because of our seating arrangements.
