Ace Rothstein: From now on, I want you to put an equal amount of blueberries in each muffin. Ace Rothstein: ...An equal amount of blueberries in each muffin. Baker: Do you know how long that's going to take? Ace Rothstein: I don't care how long it takes. Put an equal amount in each muffin. ... Pates et Traditions is quite simply, perfection in every aspect.  From the moment you step foot inside, or even sit outside, you notice a great attention to detail in every nook and cranny of the place.  The decor whisks you away to a magical little cottage in France where the staff is there to only pamper your every culinary need.   The decor and staff are top notch.  The energy the staff of this place exudes goes virtually unmatched and unchallenged amongst every single restaurant I've been to in the passed two years.  They are supremely friendly and ridiculously easy going.  One of my biggest pet peeves at restaurants is having to ask for my water to be refilled.  Unheard of here.   I ordered a mimosa and the L'Orientale crepe, which consists of spicy sausage, roasted peppers, tomato, egg, and swiss.  YUMMY! Although I do eat eggs and cheese ever so often, they're not the best for me, so I decided to substitute those two things with Spinach and boy what a great choice!  My meal came and it looked absolutely perfect.  The crepe was soft enough to cut with a fork but still strong enough to hold the pieces I cut together.  The first bite made me shut my eyes and savor the mesh of delicious flavors.  It was heavenly.   I tend to notice all the little details in things, so as I was cutting up pieces of this masterpiece off, I began noticing that every centimeter of this crepe had an equal amount of ingredients spread out.  It was as if Ace Rothstein came out of the movie Casino just to direct the chefs here, because every bite seemed like it had an equal amount of spicy sausage, tomato, roasted peppers, spinach, and little cut up pieces of onions.  It was magnificent in every sense.   For dessert I ordered the Banane Nutella [check pic], which is a crepe with bananas, whipped cream, and Nutella, and holy fudge was it good! Pates Et Traditions has my heart now, and I was so hesitant to write about it because when I went for brunch this passed Saturday, there was zero wait.  I have a feeling that the angels were on my side for my first visit, and it was just a fluke of nature.  Still, I will be back, a LOT! I have way too many items off of their menu to try. 5 stars and a nomination for a Michelin review, or something.   Information:  The mimosa's were $6, the crepe was $9, and the Banane Nutella crepe was $6.  For how cheap this place is, I didn't mind ordering a few mimosas, even if it wasn't unlimited or "bottomless", this place deserves my money.
