We just ate here today, I guess on what is their 5th day of a soft opening. My verdict thus far is meh. I honestly don't understand why nom nom is getting such high initial praise, while Ramen Boy is getting trashed in the early reviews.  (even more puzzling is why round eye noodle bar gets such hype.  That place serves awful noodles that are not even close to authentic.) My hypothesis is that ramen boy suffered from elevated expectations of being philly's ramen messiah, and failed to live up to that role, therefore suffered the backlash of the public's wrath, while nom nom came in under the radar as a dark horse, and got higher praise than it normally should have gotten due to the rebound effect. In any case, both nom nom and ramen boy are merely adequate, not awful, but not good.  Neither come close to the big boys in the ny metro area.  Their broths are not as rich and savory as totto's or minca's in ,nor as creamy as batten ramen in Fort Lee, and their toppings are not as satisfying as a bowl from rai rai in new Brunswick. As far as taste, I actually give ramen boy a slight edge over nom nom. Both their base broths are relatively mild, not overly salty, which I like, but both lack a certain oomph, which I can't pinpoint. However, both places miso versions are better than their basic broth. Ramen boy has better noodles, and their spicy miso is spicier. nom nom's char su is more succulent. The part where nom nom drops the ball is in their bamboo topping. It was TERRIBLE!!  Here's why - they used cheap canned bamboo, the kind from the Chinese market that's canned in water and tastes slightly tinny, instead of using the soft, tasty, marinated japanese style bamboo. One bite of that and I was like "blech".   That kind of bamboo is ok or cheap Chinese stir fry, or whatever, but I think it's disgraceful to try to pawn that off on an unsuspecting public when you are supposed to be a serious ramen operation. It would have been better to leave it out altogether. If there was an American idol of ramen type competition, that's the kind of stunt that will get you voted off right quick. Anyway, I do hope ramen boy and nom nom fix their glitches and make it last, because we need more ramen options in Philly, but it the meanwhile, I will continue to do my part by giving honest, and hopefully constructive criticism to this and any other new ramen joint that may open up in the philly area.
