Now that I've lived in the city for a while and have had time to actually explore the nooks and crannies here, I might have second thoughts about everyone's beloved 53rd and 6th. Now by all means that doesn't mean that I would never come back. I mean, I used to be the Duke here on Yelp, so I was an addict at one point. Nonetheless, there are a lot of other chicken and rice carts in the city that are cheaper, and actually taste better too! First of all, The Halal Guys has gotten so big that they no longer have just one cart. Now, there are 4 carts around 6th Ave, and even one on 7th Ave as well. If you're coming here, then don't be a sucker like all the tourists and wait at that one cart. All the other carts are exactly the same, and have no line. Now, for $6, you can order a number of combinations: - Chicken and rice - Lamb and rice - Mixed plate And if you're not feeling the need to eat so much, you also have the option of the wrap. My personal preference would be the mixed plate because you get a little bit of both. Top that off with some white and red sauce, or even some BBQ, and you're pretty set. As far as from a quantity standpoint, you can't beat 53rd and 6th. They really load you up with meat and rice for that $6. Now on the quality side, this is where my chicken and rice experience chimes in. At The Halal Guys, they pretty much have the meat all cooked and chopped up to go. That means that the meat has been sitting there in the open for god knows how many hours. In the end, you get some super dry chicken that without the white sauce, tastes kind of funky. At your smaller halal carts, you'll actually see them grill up the chicken to order. That means you'll get a juicer piece of meat which does not taste like paper. I do have a special place in my heart for 53rd and 6th, but after eating at other halal carts around the city, I can't honestly say that this is the best chicken and rice that I've had. It's worth the $6 by all means, but just not the holy chicken and rice that everyone drools over.
