Umm...given that this spot is for "Employees Only," I guess the waiters and bartenders in New York City must be doing pretty well for themselves these days (what with the rampant Chanel purses and tanned breast implants and other slightly seedy markers of conspicuous wealth)? Oh, come on. "Employees Only?" Who are they kidding! This place (even on a Wednesday night) is a meat-market with freshly bottled blonds swinging on the hooks, just waiting for their Corporate Daddy to call in his order to the butcher...(um, or something. You get the idea.) That said, the drinks were absolutely solid (more of the same speak-easy delectableness of Little Branch or PDT or Death and Co. etc., and about the same price--$13 a pop). I particularly enjoyed the Amelia (blackberries and vodka might be a new favorite!) and Ginger Splash (we are talking MAJOR ginger kick here). (For comparison: the strawberries-champagne-and-gin Fraise Sauvage was underwhelming, especially against the Amelia, and the West Sider tasted like watery lemon-lime Gatorade.) On the food end of things, the arugula salad's dressing was indeed hazlenutty, and the bread, served with some sort of whipped butter amazingness, was delightfully warm and hearty. Our waitress was a dear, the host a hysterical vision in his old-timey vest, and the busboys remarkably prompt when refilling my water glass (a challenge since I was dehydrated from consuming far too many BBQ Baked Lays before arriving--I swear those things are laced with something, no really I'm not even kidding, even if it's just the salt, I mean I will lick my fingers clean...oh man I wonder if I can find them somewhere for lunch?...but I digress). Hearken close, ladies and gentlemen: the piece de resistance here is the back room. I have fallen in love. The bar area was crowded and making me feel dejected (not to mention rejected, since I was apparently offensive in wearing my Obama t-shirt, jeans, and Uggs)...but the tables in the back were cozy without being crowded, and looked out onto such a sweet space. God, I'm a sucker for raw brick and rope lights. Gets me every time.
