Hands down the best Italian food that I've ever had (Italy included). We walked in Thursday evening around 8:30 and were promptly seated. bruschetta came first and was a very refreshing amuse buche - tasted like the tomatoes were just picked. Thick-cut bread and a tomato pesto were next - the small serving spoon in the pesto was soon cast aside (with apologies to the guy at the next table who ended up wearing it) so that we could just dip our bread in the bowl. We went through three baskets of bread. We ordered the ricotta-and-greens stuffed pork chops. I don't usually order pork chops at restaurants but I read that they were good here and I was not disappointed at all. The chop was smothered in a (white?) wine-based mushroom gravy with plenty of mushrooms thick-sliced on the top. A good compliment of fried potato and braised greens and carrots rounded out the plate. The show stopper, however, was the Gorgonzola gnocchi. This dish was understandably delectable considering that Franco offers free classes on how to make perfect heavenly pillows. But more than the hand-crafted feel of the dish was the fact that the flavor complimented the texture like no other dish I think I've ever had. I mean a PERFECT 10 on this one - I cannot ever imagine having as satisfying a gnocchi dish - sweet, savory, creamy and aromatic. I think that I will dream about this dish for perhaps 20 years.   Neither salt nor pepper were used on any dish (well a sprinkle of salt on the tomato pesto, but that was just to see...). Once at the pinnacle, I felt that even putting things on my fork would disrupt the perfect package with which we were presented. Thank you Franco - we will be back to our new favorite Italian restaurant as many times as we possibly can. Ambiance: 5 stars: a little noisy, but the decor is so lovely and great Italian food was meant to be eaten within earshot of other diners enjoying themselves in my opinion. Boyfriend and I could hear each other just fine. Service: 5 stars: Asked for more water once - that's it. Everything else came when it should have unrequested. Flawless performance. Food: off the charts.
