Wow... Ummm, yeah WOW. This isn't a place to simply eat a meal. It truly is an experience that needs you to take your time, savor, talk about, and move on to the next course. Be prepared: Go hungry. Go with people you like talking to. Go knowing you're going to be spending some serious money, but rest assured every single penny is well worth it. We had this as the number one meal for a recent homecoming back to Brooklyn recently. The boy had gone once before, right after Grindhaus opened, and I savored every single word he used to describe his experience. (I even made him tell me about his experience a second, so I can live vicariously more than once.) Most of the menu is ever changing. So, what I tell you here may not be what you get when you go, but it'll still be amazing. Don't worry. We went as a party of four, and sat in the quaint interior with our table dimply lit by the glowing-crystal cow(?) skull in the front window. We ordered everything on the menu, sharing each family style. The Parkerhaus rolls are an amazing way to start, but plan on ordering two - because you'll want to eat the whole thing as soon as it is set in front of you, but want a second to sop up the juices of whatever the second course may be. In our case, it was the foise gras with black pepper, blueberry and amaro. The foie gras was creamy and rich and countered perfectly with the sweet blueberry sauce. (We also had to get an order of the sourdough, because we ended up eating the second order of Parkerhaus rolls on their own.) Our third course, the cabbage with smoke jowl and currants (fresh currants, by the way)... ooof. Sooo good! The saltiness of the jowl met with the fresh bursts of sweetness from the currants were the perfect blend to put with the perfect cooked cabbage. Fourth course might have been my favorite... homemade squid ink pasta with clams and bottarga. You know that wonderful flavor of the sea you get with a really good clam or oyster on the half shell? If it tasted like that when you accidentally swallow a big mouthful of water when you're surprised by a giant wave at the beach, we'd have a serious water crisis on our hands. Never before have I tasted such an amazing sea-saltiness that was so pronounced at the first bite but slowly dissipated into a perfect memory of it. Wow I had a difficult time getting my mind off that fourth course, but knew there was more to come. We had to get both the black bass and the duck. I'm glad we did, because both were brilliant. The bass was perfectly cooked with an amazing crispy skin, and was complimented perfectly with the razor clams, arugula and beans. The duck, also perfectly seared, was on the most amazing bead of rye berries and nettles (brave, cuz these buggers sting!) and dotted with chantrelle mushrooms. Creamy, gamey, woody... perfect. I suddenly have tunnel vision on that duck, and seriously cannot recall what dessert was. It was good, tho... I know that. Heh. Hmmm... yeah, maybe the duck was actually my favorite? Those rye berries were just so amazing... and the duck and chantrelle together... wow, I wanna go back right now! Go. It's such an amazing experience. You won't want to share the dishes because you'll want to eat them all, but this food really is to be savored and slowly dined and experienced.  Owner, Erin Norris has gone thru hell and back, fought a bitch called Sandy, and still made this happen despite all the trials. She has been rewarded with the amazing restaurant, its team and a brilliant chef, Aaron Taber.
