I have always had very good to great food here.  We dined here about 2 months ago and had so-so service, but the food and the night were still memorable.  Last night we returned for New Haven restaurant week and it was great once again.  I thought that I had never jotted, yelped about this place and it was time to do so.... This is the kind of well appointed French restaurant that makes you feel like you are in New York or Paris at a "justifiably true" example of what one should be.  Service was snappy, informed & impeccable.  My waiter could not have been better.  We had the tasting menu last night and paired it with wines they were offering along with each course.  We started with the saucisson en croute, true to form, wrapped in a brioche dough & baked then napped with a jus lie with truffle (Perigodine) It was great.  we followed this with roasted Chatham cod on a bed of brandade, the plate was swizzled with some pesto.  My wife had the chicken fricassee with morel mushrooms and a fragrant basmati pilaf.  Both dishes were superb, flawlessly executed and were simply presented without much of the frou-frou that "avant garde" chefs sometimes cast about the plate which distracts from the overall enjoyment of the dish and so frequently misses the point that simplicity and perfection are much more important than 7 garnishes.  We finished with a chocolate marquise, hazelnut meringue, once again texture & temperature were perfect, the quality of the Valrhona chocolate spoke for itself.  The restaurant itself offers a wonderful setting.  There are high coffered ceilings, elegant woodwork, a large working fireplace and a bar/lounge seating area as well.  We always have a great meal here, have dined here a dozen or so times....it's just nice to pop in and still have a great meal after all these years.  The consistency is key. another dinner last night - I must comment that the service, in my experience, is superb at this place.  They are so on top of it I am often wondering if I'm still in the USA.??!!  I wanted to suck the training knowledge from the Maitre D's skull & bring it back to my own business. Naturally the food was still great as always, a slight mistep on the heavy handedness with salt on my papardelle side - but the remainder of my meal was in fact perfect.  If you are looking for a NYC dining experience without the pretention found in some high end places - this is it.
