Surfish... I came across this place when i was walking down towards the farmers market on a Sunday..Hmmm...this place was INDEED new. I have went here TWO times.  I always went for breakfast only. Very medium sized place with nice outdoor seating. I ordered eggs with hollindaise sauce along with blood sausage and plantains. Pros: Very clean place. Excellent food. They do a weird thing with the plantains and drizzle honey on top of the golden beauties. It is delicious with a simple twist to it. The blood sausage is very delicious and yes,it does melt in your mouth. The eggs with home-fries are good, basically the same as any other eggs with hollindais sauce. Nothing extraordinary about the eggs. Cons: Bad service. Takes forever for your food to come. I ordered and the mexican waiter wrote it on a peice of brown napkin. Ok that was whatever. 2 minutes later, another guy comes around and asks what we would like. "OH YOU ALREADY ORDERED? OK OK." Waiting about a half an hour, we finally get our food AND our orange juice(which we should have gotten in the first place.)  We were supposed to get coffee along with our brunch but we did not receive but we didnt ask again because we were ticked off a bit. When the food comes out, i notice that my plantains are not present. "WHERE ARE MY PLANTAINS SIR?" The guy pulls out soaken wet brown napkin and scrolls it, "YOU ORDERED PLANTAINS? UHH DO YOU STILL WANT IT?". pause "UHHH..YEAH?" like comeon man, of course i want my plantains ,thats why i ordered it! Nice guy, just needs more experience. Oh yeah, be prepared for tiny ants crawling on your table. Overall :This place has only been open 2 months so i'll give it time to get its isshh together and you should too. I'll return when they are older. They should also give everyone the same equal amount of information about the food as they did to their "favorites". Besides that, this isnt a bad place at all just remember to LET THEM KNOW and DOUBLE CHECK them on what you ordered because they cant even read their own handwriting!
