That's right - just two stars to Corner Bistro from me. Yup, "Meh. I've experienced better," pretty much sums it all up.   I ordered the Bistro Burger (a bacon cheeseburger), a side of fries, and a diet coke.  The burgers are fair to good, but truly not outstanding in any sense.  The meat is indeed tasty, but I don't like the construction.  The fat, rounded patty doesn't really stay inside the bun, and you can't fit all the things that ought to go with your burger all in one bite.  I'm sorry, but I just loathe it when my burger falls apart, and I'm using a knife and fork to deal with a soggy bun and a giant glob of meat.  I guess for, what was it, $4.50, I can't complain too much. The fries were nothing special.  They are the skinny kind that probably came out of a supermarket brand freezer bag, and needs salt - lots of it.  The diet coke - BLEH.  I don't know if it was because I was there just when it opened for lunch, but it was syrup with no fizz. I hate that! Ick!   Also, perhaps most of the yelpers below loved Corner Bistro because they came late at night, when they could not see, and drunk out of their minds, so they had nothing on the mind but burger, and was unable to realize what a hole the place really is.  I get it - it's cheap but I felt like I was sitting in a cesspool of health code violations. Oh, you say the graffittied wooden benches and tables are charming? Oh no it's not when it feels like your surroundings haven't been sanitized since 1972! And yeah, I don't mind the disposable plates and cutlery -- at Papaya King, but at a restaurant in Chelsea/West Village - or wherever the heck this vortex of Jane St/4th St/8th Ave is?? Honestly, I despise going to a sit-down place and having plastic-wear to chow down.  Worse, the plates they use are the small kind, so you are constantly worrying if any of your food might wander off what is minimal protection between it and the grody table it is sitting on. I'd come back only on the condition that I just happened to be around and wanted a decent burger (the alternatives to its left and right are S'Nice and Grounded - so no meat there), came equipped with Purell, and was probably too trashed to care about those creature comforts of cutlery, cleanliness, and soda bubbles.  And by the way, if you check the photos attached here, you will see that every word I've used to describe my burger holds true! (Plug for some worthy burgers: check out the sliders at PJ Clarke's or the burgers at St. Dymphna's where you can pick one of three cheeses and the patties taste like the kind you make yourself at home (and great veggie burgers too).)
