The host handed me the plastic bag, designed in the Clinton Street Baking Company logo, which contained my pancakes. Just as I was beginning to imagine savoring the taste of coconut pancakes with passion fruit syrup, the host said "that will be $20.53 please." ...okay, not all of that was for the pancake. I ordered a $4 side salad, but $15 dollar pancakes? Let's start from the beginning... It was February 5th 2010, when Urban Daddy announced to me, via email, that February is Pancake month at Clinton St. Why did I get so excited? BECAUSE I LOOOOOOOOVE PANCAKES!! I immediately emailed my friends and family in search of partners in the crime of gorging on delicious food. Mentally I told myself that I would participate in this fabulous pancake fest regardless of whether anyone committed.  I was a woman on a mission!! I went to the website and began drooling at the daily pancake descriptions. Since I missed the first few days of pancake month, I decided that I would indulge on the 8th, when the coconut pancakes with passion fruit syrup and bananas are being served. I had to close the website because I was making an embarrassing puddle at my desk...I was literally drooling! I hope my coworkers didn't think I have some mental issue! Well, my friends and family flaked. ...something about counting calories or wanting to go on Friday. Sorry kids, but opportunity knocks once! I made the phone call for a takeout order, grabbed my coat and purse, and skipped onto Houston Street. My pancakes await! I finally arrived at Clinton Street Baking Company. My heart fluttered when the plastic bag containing my prize was handed to me. ...then I saw that the pancakes cost $15. Let's get to the point. Are they worth $15? For a ONCE in a while indulgence, and also because it IS pancake month...Yes! The pancakes were so delicious and are the best I have had in Manhattan! It was worth the trip in the 20 degree windchill. It is worth my coworkers thinking that I have a mental problem because I drool. It is worth being called crazy by passersby because I was skipping down Houston like Fred Astaire in Singing in the Rain. Please hurry down to Clinton Street Baking Company for pancake month!
