Great place. I've been here a couple times including lunch, dinner with trivia and brunch . The most recent time was for brunch so that is what I will review. First, I ended up coming in for brunch because I received a text from the Cloverleaf that if I presented the aforementioned text to my server, I would get $5 off the normal brunch rate of $16.99 for each person in my party (up to 3 people) so that was the real draw. Plus, they promised bacon-cheddar biscuits and anything with bacon and cheese will grab my attention. After making sure they had veggie options for a friend, we headed over. It wasn't busy when we got there at 11am so we sat outside. The brunch buffet price includes one screwdriver, mimosa or bloody mary so we were eager to place our order before heading up to the buffet. However, we had to wait a bit for our server to come around. We didn't mind much because we had lots to talk about but we DID notice it was taking awhile. After we finally gave our drink orders we headed up to the food. First, the bad. It seems that not everything listed in the brunch menu on their website was available on the day I was there. For example, I was kind of looking forward to trying the "Filet of Sole Stuffed with Scallops & Crabmeat" but it was not offered. Neither was the "Baked Chicken stuffed with Broccoli & Cheese". The service was also very slow and got slower as time went by which was surprising since they weren't very busy at all. Also, the table next to us asked our server for condiments, I know this because she came over to us to ask if she could take ours for the other table. Sorry if this sounds mean but I would expect the server to get them from the back or from the many empty tables but I get that sometimes the closer option seems like the best. Now for the good. For a buffet, the food was pretty good. I wished it was a bit hotter but it's buffet so it comes with the territory. I decided to try a little of everything so I had an omelette made to order, the bacon-cheddar biscuits, home fries and sausage. Everything was cooked well and the gentleman in charge of the omelette station was very quick but efficient when making the omelettes. If I was being super picky (and I know some people here are), I would have loved the biscuits and such to have been warmer, but with it being a buffet I knew what to expect. That being said, the bacon-cheddar biscuits were lovely. I wished I could break buffet etiquette and ask for a "to go" box but I decided to be proper and leave quietly. Overall, I think the Cloverleaf is decent for brunch though it depends on your server. The time it took for our server to take our order and the time it took for her to process our check was a bit lengthy. The food was great and I would totally go again but I wish the food was hotter and they offered all options on their online menu. I will definitely go back to the Cloverleaf and would suggest it to others to go,but definitely sign up for their offer text discounts. I would not have gone (that day) without the text but I was presently surprised.
