My tongue is swollen and burning and my nose is running! Awesome! And to think I walked by this place twice before I found it... it is literally tucked in on a block of restaurants...   I ordered take out bc that is what I always do... always in a hurry somewhere... Pad-Kee-Moa and spring rolls!  God Bless that wonderful female who took my order... I told her I wanted it spicy not mild not medium, and she looks at me and says " Im going to make it medium" I actually scoffed at her, she must not know who she is talking to as I am no Caucasian (sorry people but statistics show you guys cant handle your spices!) I need more than just a dash of black pepper to get me going.... She then explained that medium spicy is Thai spicy and spicy is just for the insane... I don't think she said it like that but I figured I would sum it up for you.... I decided to listen to her well I actually didn't have a choice bc she said it was going to be medium end of story... for once i'm glad my stubbornness decided to stay quiet! I get home and start eating immediately as I had skipped breakfast and lunch... brilliant I know.. i have lot's of these moments... The spring rolls were well done, nice, small, mini, and crispy!  On to the Pad-kee-moa honestly some of the best I have had in the city! The first bite I took I started to cough and sputter words I shall not repeat as I am a classy lady... but I think if the nice young woman was sitting next to me I would have given her a hug and a kiss on the cheek to say thank you! It was spicy, like really good Thai spicy! I drank my liter of water in 2 minutes... And I love love love the fact that they put bok choy in this dish as no other place does! The noodles to veggies to meat ratio is on point! It was just frankly really freaking good! Price wise there is definitely cheaper Thai in the city, quality wise some of the best! If it wasn't on the opposite side of where I am staying I would frequent more often! that is of course once the swelling of my tongue goes down...............
