After months and months of watching the renovation progress on what was once Eddie's Diner on Arena Drive, I was looking forward to trying the new local eatery. Some folks told me the breakfast was really good and others told me the dinner was really bad. Well, the crew and I decided to check it out after an early afternoon at the movies. The inside appears smaller than the old Eddie's, they enlarged the kitchen, moved the restrooms and counter, and added a salad bar. The decor was brighter and the old high back booths were replaced with lower backed ones. The place was closed to full when we arrived, but we were greeted quickly and seated. The menu almost looks exactly like the one at Broad Street diner and there is a LOT of items on it. Two if us were not very hungry and two of us were. The waitress seemed more than a bit flighty, but she was very nice. I was elated to see snapper soup on the menu for $2.00 a cup so I ordered the soup and the salad bar, M ordered the French onion soup and the salad bar. P ordered the junior prime rib medium rare, the matzo soup, mashed potatoes and pickled beets. J ordered the Crab Imperial and cream of turkey soup. No sides were offered with his dinner special. The salad bar was nicely laid out, clean and everything looked and tasted fresh, there was a nice selection of items and pre-made salads such as potato and macaroni. The exception was the bread in a steamer table. It was reminiscent of Mastori's cheese bread and cinnamon bread, but the bread was very stale and hard to swallow. All of the soups were over-salted, in fact two hours later I am still guzzling water. Definitely stay away from the snapper soup, it tasted more like salty brown gravy so I will stick with the one at Crystal Diner (best snapper soup in the area in my opinion). I sent it back and had it replaced with the French Onion, which was okay - there was a slight teriayki taste to it and although M's cheese looked like it had been nicely broiled, mine looked more microwaved. The broth was like drinking an oily salt lick. The prime rib was obviously done in a pan to order, slightly overdone and had little au jus again it was also oversalted. The mashed potatoes were good and pickled beets were canned. The crab imperial was okay, again not a lot of sauce on the top so it was a bit dry and the red peppers overpowered the subtleness of the crab, The waitress constantly confused who ordered what and put the plates and beverages in front of the wrong people. P got a dessert with her meal (included in the price). She ordered chocolate ice cream, the waitress brought out bread pudding. When we pointed out the error she left the pudding and brought the ice cream. So of course we all tasted the bread pudding, it was undercooked and not very pleasant. The ice cream was good. The waitress let us know that she only charged me the $2 for the snapper soup as opposed to the $3.50 for the replacement French onion because she said she was "too lazy to change the check." Our entire check came to $51.15 and it was not worth it. Needless to say, none of us will be returning the Arena Diner unless under duress. One last thing, if you post anything negative on their Facebook page about the food and service, instead of commenting with an apology they delete the comment. I found this pretty amusing.
