It took me a little while to buy into this place. It just seemed so upscale for the neighborhood. I'm so glad I gave it a chance. I started out just having cocktails here a few times and they were excellent. The only bar food I tried was the truffle french fries and, while they were good, they didn't inspire me to come back for a full meal. However, a few more glances at the menu and some really good reviews did. My first meal, I sat at the chef's table- a very fun experience. When I can't decide what to order, I like to see what other patrons are eating, so this gave me a front row seat. Everything coming out of that kitchen looked amazing. The waiter was very attentive and friendly and poured me several tastes of wine. When I wasn't fully satisfied, he called over the sommelier who helped me pick out the perfect bottle (Arugs Pinot Noir Carneras). I ordered the Fois Gras special appetizer (great seasonings and tasty sear, but a little well done) and the "Kyle's Cassoulet" (Pork Belly, Lamb Shank, and Saucisson over Tarbais beans)- excellent. I also added the side of bread with Truffle Butter and Brussels Sprouts, both fantastic choices. I finished with the Weiss Cake but would recommend going another direction for dessert, even though the description (Roasted Banana Bavarian Cake with Salted Caramel and Mother's Milk Stout Ice Cream) is right up my ally. The actual cake was a little boring despite the amazing description. The group next to me did the tasting menu and each person ordered a different dessert, each one looking better than the next. My second food centered visit here was for Sunday brunch. I HIGHLY recommend it. It's crowded but you can usually get a seat right away if you are willing to sit at the bar. My party came a little later, though (around 2PM). Again, service was excellent. I started with a solid cappucino and I shared the jelly donuts with my companions (my mouth is watering as I write). They are absolutely delicious- a must order to start off your meal. Because everything on the menu sounded so amazing, we went on to split the French Toast as well as order our own meals. I chose Crepes and I chose well. One of my companions ordered the Prospect Benedict which she enjoyed (and it looked excellent). My most recent experience was for dinner again. My server was not very friendly this time, but the hostess and bar staff were. I ordered the Flank Steak special and I would be psyched if they added it to the regular menu! The sauce was delicious. I had the bread and Brussels Sprouts again but regrettably skipped having an appetizer. The dessert must have also been a special because I don't see it on the menu, but it was a huge improvement on the Banana Cake. I just wish it was bigger! As expected with this sort of place, serving sizes are not large so come here planning to order all your courses.
