This place is so beautiful.  I want to know who designed it.  I first saw it one night about a month ago when I was coming back from the Bell House. They have this adorable facade along one of the outdoor walls made up to look like apartments, complete with curtains and flower baskets and lights in the windows.  There's a "for rent" sign in one of the windows and I turned to my boyfriend and whispered, "I want to live here" (whispered low enough that no one could overhear and snatch it up before me).  I kept squinting and trying to read the phone number on the sign so I could call the next morning (even though I'm not even in the market for a new apartment), and then finally I realized that there was no way to enter these apartments when the restaurant gates were closed for the night, and that the doorways led to the walls of the neighboring warehouse, and finally I said, "Nope, I don't think these are real apartments." But I wasn't upset.  It was a fun illusion. This was two weeks before the Bahche officially opened but even then everything looked cute and perfect, and so I kept walking by and checking on the progress, and I noticed that during the day they would take down the chairs and set it up as if the restaurant were already running, as if they were trying to prepare in advance for every contingency.  I think whoever created this place must be very meticulous, which you can see in every perfect little detail of the design, and the spotlessness of the kitchen, and the glistening loveliness of the pastries. I've heard that bakers have to be meticulous and exacting in their craft, so maybe when you're a baker, it naturally extends to everything else. When I finally went here for dinner I was delighted, like a child, to see that the lights in the windows of the little faux apartments occasionally turn off, and then another turns on, like windows might do in a real apartment building.  Was it necessary that they put in the time and care to coordinate the lights behind the fake windows?  No, of course not.  But perhaps that's what made it so utterly delightful.  I like it when people put in that extra touch.  It's a long walk for me but I'm looking forward to going back.
