Its hard not to be in a good mood at Frankford Hall. The food, beer, and environment come together in a way that ensures you'll have a smile on your face. Let me first start off by saying this isn't a traditional or authentic beer garden. However, I am glad that it does not attempt to recreate a beer hall from Munich like Augustiner or Hofbrauhaus because most attempts come off kitschy and cartoonish. I do think Frankford Hall captures the elements of what makes a beer garden enjoyable; good beer, great food, and a fun, convivial environment. This is a great American version of a fantastic tradition. The beer selection is definitely not something to make Frankford Hall an attraction, but I think they are very appropriate for the theme. I like how the beer menu merges some classic German brewers with some local offerings. From dunkel-wiess, to pilsners, to Octoberfests, I think the beer selection covers most styles. However, I do wish they would serve more Ayinger beers on draft and switch the Weihenstephan Lager with that brewery's Hefeweissen or Korbinian. No matter what you get, it's so much fun drinking out of a liter mug. The food here is excellent, well portioned and perfectly priced. I have had the jagerschnitzel, potato pancakes, pretzel, and spatzle. The schnitzel was fried perfectly golden and tender. The potato pancakes were very good but I wish they were a tiny bit crispier. The thing I loved about the potato pancakes is that they were cooked to order, not simply reheated. This is a big thing to me and Frankford Hall did it right! Finally, the spatzle. This dish was simply amazing. The spatzle itself had a perfect texture, not too dense but not too soft and it had an excellently caramelized crust. The bacon and mushrooms gave a meaty earthiness that tied the dish together in a very satisfying way. The spatzle was so good, I got a second order after I was done with my meal. I really love the large picnic table seating format. Its meant for communal seating so don't get offended if someone sits at your table. Take it as an opportunity to get to meet new people. I wish more places had this style of seating. I think this is the best aspect of a beer garden. I've been to Frankford Hall enough times for a consistently excellent experience. Try it out and I'm sure you'll agree!
