I have mixed feelings about my experience at Mercato. There were some great things going for it, things that they did well in, and then areas they really messed up on. So we'll do this the good, bad, ugly way. The Good: BYOB. Really can't complain about this. After having paid $85 for corkage in NY, I was really happy about this. Easy wait-for-your-table system. Host with an iPad will take your name and phone number and text you when the table is almost ready. Simple and effective. Short rib ragu. Easily the best dish of the night. Great flavors, great pairing of ingredients, great execution. $48 4-course tasting menu. You get to pick one item from each of the following: appetizer, pasta, entree, and dessert, which a couple of items having a surcharge. $48 may be a high number for a Philly restaurant (for those not used to NY prices), but the value is amazing. You get four FULL sized courses. It's seriously a lot of food. You don't get limited on what you can choose either. So if two things strike your fancy, you should just get the tasting menu and get the dessert to go (you will be too full to eat dessert). Antipasti. Great flavors and fresh ingredients. Nice, light way to start off the meal. Desserts. Well executed and tasty. Root vegetable risotto. I have a couple of complaints about this dish that are not limited to this dish only, which I'll illustrate in the "bad" section, but other than those, this dish was not bad. The root vegetables were a great choice and the flavors were nice. The Bad: Salmon tartare. Too much creme fraiche and way too much dill. Really over powered the fish. All I could taste is sour, dill and creamy. Presentation was nice though. Saltiness. Everything was a little on the salty side. I don't know if this is just a Philly palette thing, but it was too much for me. The risotto could've benefited from less salt. Let the natural flavors of the vegetables sing! Service. The waitstaff is generally nice, which I give credit for. But service was very spotty. There were 10-minute sections where nothing happened at all. I think we waited for our check for like 15 minutes too. There are a lot of tables and it's a tight area, but they should really work out the flow better. Cash only. Really don't like that about this restaurant... I don't expect to carry $150 of cash on me just to eat a decent dinner. If the restaurant just opened, I can understand that. But Mercato seems pretty established. Noise. Really really loud. Small dining room space compounded with lots of tables really close together. Half way through dinner I had to half yell to talk. It was like being in a club. The Ugly: Menu is overly heavy. Everything on the menu is on the heavy side. I had a hard time coming up with a choice in each category that wasn't heavy. In appetizers, other than the salads, the antipasti was the only light choice. Even the salmon tartare (which was the special of the day) was on the heavier side because of the creme fraiche. All of the pastas had some kind of heavy element in it, be it truffle, sage butter, parmesan cream sauce... etc. Especially with the size of the portions, the heaviness of the meal was just too much. Crispy skin striped bass. This is probably the worst fish dish I've ever had at this caliber of restaurant. Everything else had few execution problems. But this was just appalling. First the fish was not fresh. And for a striped bass, you can't really get away with not having fresh fish. Compounded to the lack of freshness is the fact that it was severely overcooked. Fish is delicate. Temperature is probably the most important. I'd must rather have a perfectly cooked piece of fish that had no flavoring than a poorly cooked piece with a great sauce. The sauce didn't help it either. The chianti reduction was poorly done - I could still taste the alcohol from the wine. The sauce was way overpowering for something like a striped bass. And the mushrooms and onions drowned - yes, literally they drowned - in the sauce. The artichoke was also a poor choice. It was the marinated kind from the bottle so it was overly sour, which just added to how bad the chianti reduction was. I didn't even try the pancetta crisp, for fear that it'll send me over the edge. I could've easily overlooked the bad and gave Mercato a higher rating, but there were just some serious mistakes that really made me suffer.
