I was recommended here by a friend so we made reservations exactly 60 days in advance. I think I called 61 days in advance and they politely told me to call the next day. That made me chuckle a little bit, but I did call the next day. When we arrived at Balthazar, the wait for the other people was long and the place was packed so do try to get a reservation. Drinks: Ask for a Ginger Beer. We don't have that many options on the West Coast, but the one they had over there was really refreshing! I'm not a fan of the taste of ginger, but this one was much lighter and tasted more like a soda. The Dark and Stormy they had over there was too bitter for my taste. Food: The cheeseburger was okay, but the fries that they served it with were probably the best fries I've ever tasted. It all depends on what kind of fries you like, but these were thin and crispy and were so addictive!  I don't remember the exact pasta I got. It was like a linguini with potatoes and light cream. It was nothing special, but still good. We also tried their salade nicoise with seared tuna. They were not cheap with the tuna. There were thick chunks in the salad and I think some sardines as well. Service: Our waiter was really nice. Although, that place was so loud I basically just nodded politely while the waiter listed the specials for the day. Other servers were quick to give us bread and pour us water (even though the water jug was on our table and we could have done that ourselves). Their restrooms are downstairs under the restaurant and both the men and women restrooms have an attendant. It's not often that I go to restaurants with attendants in the restrooms and NYC seemed to be chalk full of them. Anyway, they were friendly so please leave them a tip next time you stop down there. It almost seemed claustrophobic to be working in a restroom under a restaurant! Ambiance: Like I said, really noisy. And, it is really packed. The waiter literally had to slide the table out, let us sit, and then slide the table back for us to get to our seats. they packed us in like pickles (if you've ever seen Ellen DeGeneres' stand-up comedy, you'll know what I'm talking about). Overall: good food and make a reservation.
