We had family coming to town for brunch so my husband and I had our usual dilema...where will we go?? After weighing the options- new spots, old favorites, staying local or heading across town- we decided on Fare. What a great decision! We were able to easily make an Opentable reservation. Although when we arrive we were even more easily able to get a good spot in the little outdoor courtyard. It was so cute out there! So I always knew they had a courtyard from passing by but I had no idea that the wall had such a cute decor and the tables had little cushioned benches on one side. We started with the hummus plate for the table and a mimosa for myself and my husband. The drinks came out almost immediately after ordering and the hummus plate came out pretty quickly thereafter. The  hummus plate was the perfect size for our party of three people and it came with carrots, celery and pita for dipping. In the hummus, there was roasted red pepper and olives, which all sat on a bed of lettuce. The dish was pretty tasty but I wasn't in love with how the pepper came out. There was one long piece that we needed to divide amongst the group- unless I'm missing the point and it was just there for decoration. A lot of the hummus also got stuck to lettuce, which made it difficult to scoop up. All in all, it was very enjoyable and we appreciated the abundance of carrots/celery- versus a pita heavy dish. As an omlette lover I was curious about their veggie and meat ommlettes of the day. Neither piqued my interest so I went with the Breakfast Burrito. As much as I love Breakfast Burritos, I usually try to avoid them as they can just be fattening food wrapped in huge carb. I truly didn't feel it was the case with this breakfast burrito! To start, it was wrapped with a whole wheat wrap. The egg was only in a very thin layer next to the wrap, which I appreciated. The burrito itself was stuffed with spinach, roasted sweet potato, ground chorizo and a light touch of cheddar. By no means was this the typical "heart attack on a plate" breakfast burrito I am used to. I really enjoyed the huge role that the spinach and sweet potato played in this dish. It came with a side salad, which was a nice touch and complimented the burrito well. The salad was mostly greens with a small amount of cherry tomatoes and some celery.   Hubby ordered the Brioche French Toast and I barely heard a peep out of him once the food arrived...that's the sound of pure enjoyment when we dine. Our waitress was friendly and fairly attentive. There were several other severs helping with water and food delivery. There were several times the table could have used a water refill but the courtyard was probably at 75% occupancy by the time we finished our meal. And there we have it...another restaurant to add to the "favorites" list when selecting a spot for brunch.
