Hands down, the BEST dining experience I have had since moving to Manhattan. I came here with two female friends for my grande 23rd birthday, and I could not have asked for anything better! I should have known it was a recipe for perfection the moment we walked through the door & there were rows of crisp apples adorning the entryway walls. Our reservations were for 9:30pm on a Friday; we arrived shortly afterward & were seated in the waiting area, where we had our first exposure to the plush interior that is Bouley. I ordered a lychee prosecco martini while waiting & was convinced that I could die happy in that very moment. Our table was ready around 10:15pm or so (you really lose track of time when you're so cozy) & we were escorted through the main dining room, to the downstairs seating area. Being the youngest diners there by a solid 3 decades, we initially thought they were just trying to hide us in a basement corner (there were only 2 other tables filled downstairs). Regardless, we sat down on the scarlet velvet loveseat & I was back in heaven. We started off with a complementary tomato (?)-based soup that put anything from Campbell's to shame, as well as two rosemary artisan rolls (100% worth giving a shout out to). The three of us then decided to share the Porcini Flan, given all of its rave reviews, and this is where the most wonderful dining experience in the world truly began. As the other tables downstairs left, it was the three of us ladies with about 5 of our own personal wait staff. Instead of 1 Porcini Flan, they gave us three perfectly-sized portions so that each of us could mindlessly indulge. Oh, did I indulge. For my main course, I opted for a glass of Pouilly-Fume & the Chatham codfish with shiitake mushrooms, toasted fava beans & ginger aromatic sauce. Perhaps the most delicate and flavorful cod that has ever graced my lips. As a complementary side, the wait staff brought the three of us a plate of creamy mashed fingerling potatoes topped with chives. At this point, we were questioning whether we were just getting some supreme service, or if this was the norm. We proceeded on to the refresher course, a lychee sorbet, and decided to split the Hot Valrhona Chocolate Souffle for dessert. Here's the part where I decided to quickly use the ladies' room (also very plush inside)...and returned back to five desserts. Yes, five. I'm pretty sure we were the most entertaining diners there, plus the only ones in the basement, so I just pictured all of the wait staff in the corner saying, "let's bring them out 5 desserts and see what they do" and giggling together. So yes, the Hot Caramelized Anjou Pear, the Creme Brulee, the Hot Valrhona Chocolate Souffle, the complementary birthday dessert with an incredible rose sorbet, and the three tiers of petit fours were all delightful. David Bouley had successfully impregnated me with a food baby. It's as if he had just seduced the three of us on our respective scarlet plush loveseats for three hours (we left at 1:15am). I was convinced I now resembled the Michelin man. I was never leaving that loveseat. Unfortunately, the time finally came & we headed back through the apple-scented entryway. But wait...don't forget your complementary tea cakes, ladies! Bouley, if you are reading this, I am single. Call me.
