Let me preface this by saying that I adore Bon Yagi's restaurants, Otafuku, Sobaya, Sakagura, and even his bar Decibal. In fact, Sakagura is my place of choice for any special occasion. You can imagine that I was really excited to go to Robataya right next door to Sobaya in Bon Yagi's little Japan Town freakin' empire. The whole shtick behind Robataya is simply grilled food with great ingredients. It's Japanese, of course, and has a pretty extensive menu of seafood, vegetables, etc. You can see where this is going right? I'm with the posters below that were like, "wth, this is bland," or something to that effect. I'm even more surprised at this reaction since... I don't think that of any of his other restaurants. Even Soba... which I was skeptical that I would want to eat outisde of my own kitchen (or my mom's), when I went to Sobaya, all the food was delicious, balanced, and SOLID. And you know what? It's not as if I was like, "did I order the right thing?" I mean, I had the 8 course ($50) tasting menu. If the "right thing" isn't in the tasting menu, then I don't know where it would be hiding. It filled me up and it tried to be interesting... but most of the time, I was just like, "?!" The first course was 3 slices of fluke, some spring brocolli with fish sauce (not thai, but a creamy house glaze), and some uni floating in some gelatin. The fluke was fine, but the moistness of the combu it was on... it was hard to eat... came apart (it was sashimi) and stuck to the thing. It was pretty badly executed. The uni was good, but the gelatin was completely bland. I had some with soy sauce. There was no indication of what to use for what. There was a side of delicious salt. I guess. The second course was tuna, hamachi and white tuna... one piece each. It was fresh and good, although the tuna wasn't an amazing fatty cut or anything. The third course was shredded/pulled beef in a daikon beef broth with a piece of daikon. I really liked this. The broth was really good. NOT BLAND. And the beef was good, if a little tough. The daikon was cooked well with great flavor. Not bitter at all. The fourth course was the vegetable plate with eringi (king trumpet), eggplant, and shishito peppers. The veggies were grilled to perfection. The mushroom was yummy, but just seasoned and cooked w/ butter. In fact, it's kind of exactly what my mother and I do. But I LOVE eringi mushrooms, so I am not complaining. The shishito was hot and delicious. I tried a small piece of the eggplant, which was soft and tender... since I am technically allergic. The fifth dish was a rather large piece of tsukune (ground chicken meatballs) and grilled beef. The "kobe beef" wasn't the tenderest of kobe beefs I've had. It was kind of hard, but it was pink on the inside and the flavor was good. The tsukune was tasty enough. My SO thought the tsukune/chicken was gamey. It was full of onion. (It doesn't beat Yakitori Totto, though.) The sixth course was the fish and rice, which was a lot of food. The mackeral was dry enough that I doubted it was a mackerel at first. Haha. The rice was quality with salmon roe and steamed salmon. My issue with the rice, though, is that I LOVE getting the salmon and salmon roe rice at Sakagura and this dish is NO WAY NEAR as good or transcendent as that dish. Why? I don't get it. I wouldn't even mind if they did the same exact thing, honestly. I just want something good. The rice was good, but it didn't nearly have enough ikuras in it. THE MISO SOUP WAS BLAND. I expect that at other Japanese restaurants, but again... Sakagura's red miso soup is DELICIOUS. This time here, they use white miso and the thing is bland bland bland. And the fish was BLAND. I put some salt on it... and it was ok, but mackarel needs to be oilier than this fish was... The final course was the desert. I got the Shiratama with green tea ice... although that's not what it is called in the menu... my memory is failing me now. The thing is, this dish only came with two shiratama pieces in a full bowl of sweet cold soup. I wasn't impressed, but this was my SO's favorite thing about the meal, I think. I think anything at Cha-An would have kicked this desert's ass, though. Sigh, and I guess the point is I was disappointed. I was surprised and disappointed. The food was bland. I understand the salt here is PREMIUM, but no. My mind is really confused, reconciling this place with Bon Yagi's other places. This simply isn't the same standard I've come to expect. The food is filling, but nothing I would ever really come back for again.
