So it's behind a butcher shop in NoHo, with no sign.  Pretty exclusive. Don't expect to just get a reservation. Loved the ambiance! Refined but restrained decor and super cosy. We ordered a-la-carte and its definitely the way to go. mushroom salad: it was good, but I've had comparable ones elsewhere. smoked duck: with whole grain mustard and some... sort of sweet, dark sauce. I still don't know what it was was. Was not one of my favorites of the night. The duck was very smoky, but I'm honestly being really picky. short rib sashimi: so so good. the marinade it must've been in made it taste delicious. and the soy sauce was lighter and didn't overpower the meat uni croquettes: one of my favorites of the night! Texture of the uni matched the melted inside of the croquette, but contrasted with the super crunchy outside. I can't even describe why it was so good. It was just so freaking delicious. cod: served with some darn cheesy potatoes. YUM. The fish was so buttery and flaky! And you really can't go wrong with cheesy potatoes. branzini: this dish was much more rustic than the others. I really enjoyed it, had a whole bunch of roasted veggies with the whole fish. My table thought overall that it wasn't anything amazing though. foie gras soba: I really don't like every foie dish, I promise. I can't decide if i liked it or not. The flavors were spot on with the daikon, broth, noodles and onions. The texture of the foie was also perfect. But I am so partial to warm soups. kobe burgers: pretty darn good. The patty was super moist and I really liked the sauce. However, could have used a little more salt. sake pannacotta: did NOT like. Everyone said it was good, but all I could taste was sake. Should've just drank it. flan: much much yummier than the panna cotta. Perfect texture, and I'm so picky with my flan. Such a great eating experience. Service was wonderful, and ambiance is no perfect. Really good place to take your honey for a memorable date. And yes, the toilet is on steroids. But come hungry and you'll be so happy you did.
