I think a big question people ask themselves, particularly as it gets colder is "Which places are worth the long bitter wait, and which are all hype?"  At least, I know this is a question I ask as I am shaking in my boots, trying not to look at the people eating food inside the restaurant like the little matchstick girl.  Clinton St. Baking Co. has developed a cult-like status that has clearly extended well beyond the brunch-saavy LES crowd.  First and foremost, I think it is worth the wait, particularly for its excellent brunch offerings.  Some may find the less option-heavy dinner menu worth the wait, but I think you need to know what the specials are in advance, if possible, or have a favorite item in the menu.  Also, keep in mind if you show up before 10 on a Sunday, you have a decent shot of waiting under half an hour. I have been to Clinton St. for brunch and dinner now, and while each is strong, the brunch is particularly worthwhile.  The autumnal specials upon my most recent visit included a rich and savory pumpkin hot chocolate that was large enough to last well beyond the meal. I had the potato pancakes, which came with a smoked salmon, lemon crème fraise,  dill, and chopped egg.  It was a well balanced dish; the flavors came together well.  My only complaint would be that the potato was a little overdone, but not to the extent as to ruin the dish.  My companion had the Spanish scramble, which was another well-combined dish with many flavors.   I have had the short ribs there as well--make sure you stress you want them Rare if you don't want them do come out overdone.  The fish po'boy is another strong dish on the regular menu.  Dinner has a more relaxed feel, and the drink specials draw the night out pleasantly.  Brunch is a brisker pace, with the long lines winding outside prompting the delivery of your check at the waitresses discretion.  Fortunately, it is in a lovely neighborhood ideal for weekend post-brunch strolls.  Clinton St. pulls many of its flavors from New American and comfort food style Southern cooking and satisfies by trying unconventional but not gimmicky pairings.  Also, put the maple butter on whatever you can.  I don't see how you could be disappointed.   I would say that if you have up to an hour and a half to wait, it is a restaurant worthy of your brunching efforts, but don't wander too far away, because they often call on you sooner than they say they will.
