It was COLD. RAINY. WINDY. I wanted ramen. We waited 2.5 hours this time to get a table. Luckily, they call when the table is ready so we can explore the area as we wait. This was my second time at Ippudo and I brought my boyfriend here for his first experience of delicious, hot, broth with fresh noodles in NYC. BUT. If it wasn't for the ramen...I wouldn't really come back. Service the first time, was terrible. My server was curt, rushy and rude the last time I was there. I was hoping for something different this time, but needless to say, I was wrong. Upon sitting down, he brought us waters. He comes back 15 minutes later (as if we hadn't waited a long time for the table already) and asks if we are ready. Sorry, perhaps in the south, we do things differently and we ask for drinks first? He took our order and the food runners brought out the appetizers, one at a time. They were great, as was the busser, but our server? No where to be found. It was only at the end with our check when he appeared. My boyfriend and I paid for our portion on our card, and our friend with cash. I had gone to the restroom and when came back, the boys were already getting dressed to leave. I was going to leave the tip when they said it was taken care of. Later on that night, I was outraged. My friend didn't have a choice in his tip. The server didn't come back with change and expected that the extra $20 was his. My friend, being passive, didn't ask for it and let it go. I, however, would have said something. Unless the words, "no change" are expressed, change should ALWAYS be brought back...especially one for a 25% tip on CRAPPY service. On the food: my friend ordered the pork buns, which were delicious but NOT WORTH $9 for 2 buns, Kurobuta Pork Tatsuta Age, it was mediocre. Nothing special and the Samurai rib which had great flavor but it was familiar in taste (my mom make something similar) and was not worth $12 for 2 ribs. Ramen, of course was delightful. It came out hot, steaming with flavor. We all ordered the Akamaru modern. the broth is so rich and delicious. For $15 a bowl, it fills you up but I don't think I will wait 2.5 hours again. Not for the service.
