Disappointing is the name of my experience here at Vietnam Restaurant and Saigon Bar.  Both are housed in the same building, with the restaurant occupying the first two stories and the bar lounge taking up the third.   They don't take reservations.  Fine.  My party of 6 to 7 all show up within a 15 minute window of each other for an early dinner on Friday night - 7:00 pm.  Myself and one other person were the first to show. We were super hungry and thought that we could get spring rolls or something while we waited at the bar with our drinks.  We were informed that there was NO FOOD ALLOWED at the bar (except for the disgusting shrimp chips that dry out your tongue - weak, especially since we were vegetarian).   So we wait.  When everyone shows up, the bar staff indicates that because we have 7 people instead of six, we're going to have to wait at least 30 minutes.  Fine.. I'm starving, but I drink up my calories and enjoy the company. 50 minutes later they tell us it'll be at least another five minutes as the party is paying. 10 minutes after that we all trooped downstairs to be seated. When we get down to the second floor - the room is half empty.  Many many tables were all empty. Seriously... wtf? Now if all of this resulted in delicious Vietnamese food - all would have been forgiven and forgotten.  Instead - the seafood my friends got were consistently over cooked... I had more grease in my vegetable chow fun noodles than noodles... and the rice noodle with spring roll was simplistic in flavor (i.e. salt, salt, and more salt).  Yuk. Why two stars despite the disappointment?  They certainly didn't get any stars for the food.... First star - The decor was decent and the lounge-y ambience of the bar comfortable... their cocktail menu also contributes to this star. Second star - They at least have it together to coordinate between the maitre'd and the bar staff upstairs so that provided you don't have to wait an hour for your table, you can get seated reasonably fast.
