Four of us decided to meet at this BYO for dinner this past Sat. night... I had called to make reservation, only to find they DON'T take reservations on the weekend. Ok, no prob. I got there about 6:30 - put our name in, they took my cell # and we went across the street for drinks. I got a call a 1/2 hour later that our table was ready. Pretty good for a Sat. night. We were taken to our table, squeezing by the people waiting in the foyer area. the layout seems to be going for a big open feel, with an open kitchen in the back of the room but the tables are very close together. On this night it felt loud & crammed, though it was an upbeat and fun feeling atmosphere. We were served water right away by a runner and our waiter (Ray, I found out later, by asking him) came by without stopping, just spotted us and seemed to be annoyed at yet another table. Hmmm.  A few minutes later, he stopped by, asked about opening our wine and mumbled and groaned about the night he was having, as he opened our 3 bottles. Then he didn't come back for our orders for another 15 minutes - at which time he finally gave us the specials. We started our meal with 2 apps.: the Antipasto and a breaded mozzarella dish with a 'lite sardine butter'. The Antipasto was pretty good, notably the crostini assortment was very unique.. the other veggies were ordinary. The mozzarella dish, however was over powered with the sardine taste, took a few bites and couldn't go with it. For entrees, I got the Spinach/Cheese Ravioli done in a brown butter sage sauce, which I must say was excellent. My dinner partners got Monk Fish (special), Seafood Combo dinner and a Pasta Carbonara. Everyone seem to truly enjoy their entrees. BTW- DO NOT rely on the menu on the website, 90% of what it shows is not on the actual menu. I hate when I read something on a web menu, make a plan to try it and it doesn't exist on the actual restaurant menu. For dessert I got a Ricotta cake, served over strawberries, a little on the dry side but pretty good. My partners got the panna cotta and creme brulee - both were done nicely. I can't say we didn't have a good time, but I was in good company, The service remained slow all night, but gave us plenty of time for laughs and conversation. The whole meal came to about $160+ (not including tip)  for the 4 of us. If they kicked things up a notch creatively in the kitchen, stepped up the service and spread out the tables a bit more, they'd really have something here.
