It was a cold snowy winter Sunday and my wife wanted ramen. When I think of ramen, I normally think of those instant ramen with the packet of MSG.  What the heck, let's give it a try. We got there an hour after it opened and the wait was out the door.  This place must be good if there were people willing to wait in the freezing cold.  You needed to somehow make your way to the door and put your name on the waiting list.  My daughter was a real trooper, willing to wait with us in the cold.  It took us over an hour to get a seat at the bar.   With a five year old, I was kind of worried about her sitting on a high chair with no back, but she's was fine.  The place was small.  It only had twenty seats (I've counted).  The atmosphere was nothing like I've ever experienced before.  From what I read and was told, it's like a typical Japanese place in Japan...small, cozy and the cooks and waiters all greet you at the same time.....cool. FYI: This place uses a chicken broth instead of your typical pork broth.  I'd ordered the Totto Miso Ramen, my wife being the vegetarian heard the Vegetable Ramen was the best, and we ordered the Totto Chicken Ramen for our daughter.  Right behind the bar were the cooks which were preparing the food right in front of you.  You can see them take the raw uncooked ramen (not the dried kind) put it in the hot water to cook (which probably takes about a minute), put it in the bowl for the other cook to add your broth and your toppings.  It probably took no more than 5 minutes for them to give us our food.  It was very fast. The food was awesome. The broth was so tasty...I don't know how they get a chicken based broth so milky like a pork based broth.  The pork slices were done perfectly.  The season egg was new to me and was delicious.  My wife loved her dish.  She couldn't believe her broth (which was completely vegetarian) was so tasty.  My daughter just sat there and ate her ramen.  She just kept saying..."I love ramen".  Since she had an adult size portion,  she couldn't finish her bowl...I was happy to finish her leftovers. Overall, it's the best ramen I'd ever had.  My wife said it's the best vegetarian ramen she'd ever had.  When my wife is in the area, she tries to make it to this place.  I use to work three blocks from here.  Before I moved out of the area, I took a lot of my co-workers here for lunch.  They loved it.  We even tried it's competition a block from here..and they all thought Totto made the better ramen. It's not a great place for groups though.  The bigger the group, the hard to get a seat together.  If you want to get in and out quickly go alone.  I've seen people put their names on the chart just for themselves and they got a seat pretty quickly at the bar.  While groups of four took a long time.  I think the largest group they can take (if you want to sit together) is four.  One trick for lunch is to send a scout early to put your name on the list before 11:30 (opens at 12 for lunch). I can see why this place is on the top 5 best ramen place in NYC.  If you love ramen, you have to try this place out.
