Bagel fine. Incredibly annoying counter person... Should be fired. The Broke Gourmet knows bagels. Love old school, top notch. In the Hamilton Square area, Bagel Street used to be my go-to place. That stopped when the current owners started selling what were clearly day-old bagels as fresh. So, Central Perk. Been many times, and the bagels, while not as dense and crusty as I prefer, are always fresh and flavorful. Sadly, there is a young woman behind the counter whose notion of service is the deliberate and prolonged routine of rude and confusing comments. I'd seen her before, and observed this treatment with others. One recent morning, the Broke Gourmet craved a bagel. So along with Mrs. BG, I fired up the Stratos and drove to Central Perk. Two bagels and a cinnamon butter to go. My bagel, in need of a schmear. Me: we have these bagels and butter to go, please. And I'd like this jalapeno-cheddar bagel with vegetable cream cheese, please. Her: (firmly, deadpan voice and expression) No. You can't have that. Me: I'm sorry... What..? Her: No. You can't have that. Me: What do you mean? Her: with that bagel you can only have plain cream cheese. You can not have that with vegetable cream cheese. Now, do you want that toasted? Me: (ready to walk out, finally sensing this is a lame person wrongly thinking she's funny, and clever) I don't want it toasted, and I want vegetable cream cheese. Her: if you were nicer you could have it. Me: (grinning now) my good looks and charm get me good service everywhere Her: I haven't seen that. You have to be nice to get good service. Me: (smiling) you have to be nice if you want customers NOTE: at this point the two counter guys, who'd stood behind her silently as this dopey mini-drama unfolded, both grinned and nodded to me. In other words "mister, you're right. We KNOW she's wrong, and good on you for standing up to her." I got my bagel with an icy stare from Miss Awfulservice. As the counter guy handed me the stuff, I leaned closer and said, "if she's going to treat me like that, i'm going to give it right back." (or words to that effect). The guy laughed. So, dear readers, my advice is to avoid Central Perk unless you like verbal abuse for no reason As for superb bagels, drive 190 miles to the Royal Bagel bakery in Germantown, Maryland. The best I have had in 30 years. Great pastries too. But be prepared to wait in line on the weekend. Your patience will be rewarded, and you won't be treated rudely.
