I tried Anastasio's because of the Living Social deal they had. We went on a Tuesday, which is most likely the reason our experience wasn't awesome. The main reasons for the 3 stars is due to the one waiter they had on staff (because it was a Tuesday, I presume). Because they only had one waiter: 1) we had to sit inside, it was freezing in the dining area and we hadn't thought to bring a sweater. We were uncomfortably cold throughout the whole meal. We would have been much more happy to sit outside. 2) The time in between the courses was excruciatingly long - the whole experience took about 2 hours, and we spent maybe 20 minutes eating / drinking, the rest was just waiting. I'm sure with more than one waiter on staff, those problems would be remedied. However, some things will not be fixed with more staff. The problem with this place is that with the costs of the entree's you expect something a bit more upscale. If I'm paying $30 for my main dish, along with $10 for an appetizer and then buying drinks, I would like the ambiance to be a little less "mom & pop". I felt like they were really trying to be upscale by offering such expensive, delicious sounding menu items, but failed with the delivery. My final complaint is the food. It was not *amazing*. I ordered the Zuppe de Pesce with the white wine sauce and was somewhat disappointed - the seafood was very rubbery and tasted over cooked. There were a few good things though that deserve to be pointed out: - the one server they had on staff (I think his name was Jonathan) was really nice, very personable and did make our dining experience much more enjoyable when he was able to stop by and chit-chat. Having been a server myself, I know how stressful it can be to be the only server - he handled it with a smile on his face, a good attitude and didn't make one mistake. Kudo's to him! - the fried calamari appetizer was delicious - the portions are large I'm glad I had the Living Social deal, otherwise I would be much more upset about the whole experience. Based on my experience, I do not think Anastasio's is good enough to be charging the prices they do and therefore I will probably not go back.
