My girlfriend and I came here for Restaurant Week, Summer 2011. We had a reservation later in the evening, around 9 or so. Just a heads up for anyone coming here - don't turn right on East 29th Street. This only leads to a cul-de-sac driveway in front of the restaurant. Instead, from First Ave, turn right at E 30th St. towards the East River. At the stop sign, take a hard right onto the FDR Service Road (E 26th St) - do not proceed onto the FDR ramp. The entrance to the garage is located on the right. Parking is validated for up to 3 hours of dining, which is quite nice. To find the restaurant, just walk towards the back right of the Alexandria Center's lobby. Anyways, we came here on a hot summer night and by the time we arrived, the skies let loose and it had started to pour. When we were being seated, we were given a choice of the indoor main dining room or the outdoor patio. We chose the patio, which was under an overhang. There was something incredibly romantic about eating outside on a hot night, with a strong downpour that cooled everything off, with the lights of Brooklyn off in the distance. To drink, we had two of their Temperance Coolers - the Charlie Temple and I can't remember the other one. The Charlie Temple, which I had, was good, but standard. There wasn't much difference between this drink and a Shirley Temple, except perhaps that the lemon-lime soda was made in-house. I can't remember which one my gf had, but in any event, neither of those items are on the menu anymore. For our appetizers, I had the Salmon Tartare (White gazpacho, yuzu, cucumber, Thai basil, salmon roe) while my gf had the Mushroom Consommé (Mushroom salad, frisée, Pecorino crouton, spring garlic). The Salmon Tartare was delicious, but a very tiny portion. It was very fresh. The Mushroom Consommé was flavorful, light and not at all the wrong choice for a hot evening. For our main course, I had the Squid Ink Chitarra with Calamari, octopus, shrimp, lemon, and Fresno chiles. My gf had the Berkshire Pork Chop with Fava beans and baby carrot-spring onion hash. The pasta was a huge portion and quite good. They definitely didn't skimp on the seafood added to the pasta. The pork chop was good too, but a bit fatty, but it was quite juicy and flavorful. For dessert, I had the sorbet trio, which was standard. I can't remember the flavors, but nothing really stood out. The individual scoops were huge tho. My gf had the Beignets with Vanilla custard, strawberry preserves. Prior to ordering the Beignets, we asked our server if they were light and she said they were. However, we found the Beignets to be quite the opposite. Lesson learned. Overall, the service here was quite attentive. The main dining room wasn't too full, but it also could've just been late. The outdoors, however, was quite full, yet the service was always attentive, despite the amount of people dining outdoors. All in all, the food was good, but didn't blow me away. I'd suggest this place if you'd like to dine outdoors enjoy some good food in a unique environment. You will definitely get your money's worth here for RW. The restaurant and especially the outdoor dining area becomes more intimate as it gets later and less people are around. Definitely cozy. I'm giving four stars for everything combined - food, service, environment, etc.
