I really wanna like this place. Its got all the right stuff, accept good management. The food is awesome, the atmosphere is sophisticated but warm. Good wines, fabulous desserts!! But...... We went last night for the second this year. Sigh... Briefly, the first time we went was a similar, but different experience. The food was unbelievable, but once the waiter realized we weren't there to spend more than $100.00, we became yesterday's stale meat. He pushed the paella on us (which I love), till I was ready to shove it down his throat! Well, last night was no exception to their mediocre, at best, service. Although the busboys/girls were phenomenal! Anywho, My  boyfriend's engineering society is at the Omni hotel, right now, for a convention. Some vendor wanted to take us to dinner, I recommended Barcelona, now I'm kinda sorry I did. There were not a lot of people in the restaurant. Half full, if even that. Service was sooo slow, it took for ever to get a drink order and to get the drinks. Of the five of us, only one ordered an entree, the rest of us got tapas. First the waitress comes back to say they don't have any swordfish left (which 2 had ordered). Then she comes again, a bit later too, there is only one serving of pork medallions left (which 2 had ordered). At this point, one of the vendor guys buying our dinner, said to skip his tapas (because he had the fish and pork ordered) and just to order him an entree fillet instead. The waitress reacted like, "Oh great, now what? That means I have to cancel the tapas and their going to take it out of MY check!" She didn't actually say that, but she might as well have. In the end she straightened it out and gave him two tapas for free. But the real kicker? The timing. If we are all eating together, and if your the waiter/waitress, and you know tapas come out lickety split, and you know the entrees take a million years longer, wouldn't you tell the people in the kitchen to have them all ready at same time? But no, the three of us left with tapas, and the other free tapas, came out, but the entrees didn't. Well, that's okay because the entrees must be right behind. Right? Wrong!  We eat ALL our tapas, still no entrees. We FINALLY get the waitress' attention and she explains, in a snooty way, that entrees just take a lot longer. HU? By now the three of us are long done and the other two haven't even gotten their meals. UGH! As great as their food is, and it is, I will not be going back anytime soon!
