I'm not saying that JtH single-handedly converted my father-in-law to Brooklyn, but I'm not saying that it didn't. Three of us lounged on the cushions. The cocktails we had to start the evening were fantastic: I had a Behind the Knees with possibly my favorite liqueur, elderflower. Other members of the party had a berry cocktail, the Old Fashioned, and the Brooklyn Heights. We all had to try each other's, they were that good. Great way to start the evening (birthday dinner for my husband), along with awesome crusty bread. Apps were delicious -- I LOVE beets so had the very fresh and tasty beet salad, but I was eyeing everyone else's too: smoked trout salad (smelled divine), green salad (gorgeous), mac and cheese (sounded EPIC!). Everyone cleaned up their dinners with gusto: the scallops I almost got, the salmon I also almost got (diner requested sauce on the side and they were happy to oblige), the halibut special I also almost got, and the mussels I DID get. Mussels were tender, country bread was toasted and crunchy, and the fries dipped in the flavorful broth were divine (everyone had some). Upon our server's advice, paired with a great Chenin Blanc. Finally dessert: both pairs ended up ordering the peach upside down cake, which was divine. The herbs in the peaches were a revelation, and the cake was fantastic -- crispy broiled outside, fluffy soft inside. They even wrote happy birthday on my husband's plate. Aww! I'd love to come back and try some of the cheeses on the dessert menu... and everything else, of course. The food was very pretty and SO well executed.  I've had all these things before, but the care and precision with which they're prepared just shines through and made it all new. Service was friendly and helpful. The only flaw in our evening was that it was a bit noisy inside, and I think that was mainly because there was a large celebratory party nearby. Not a problem. We've been instructed to find another place in Brooklyn as good as this for Father's Day. The gauntlet has been thrown.
