To date, NO steakhouse I've tried has ever left me amazed... that changed last night. If you've already eaten here, you know what I'm talking about when I say that you MUST not eat anything after lunch or you will regret it. If you haven't gone yet, expect a very unique and down right delicious experience. The atmosphere is fairly traditional in terms of the architecture and decor, yet that quickly changes within seconds of your butt sliding into the chair. You have access to a self-serve salad bar (which is more like an anti-pasta bar on the 'roids) and a few small side dishes on your table: Lightly fried bananas, polenta, and these puffs of heaven called cheese balls. Then comes my favorite part. As if it were magic, you turn your small table card over to the green side and within 15 seconds happiness starts to happen. The servers weave in and out of the tables like the bottles in that "Be our guest" song from "Beauty and the Beast" with perfectly prepared meat on sword-size skewers, which they carve for you and slide down to your plate. For those of you out there that fear the "still mooing" red color, every sword holds various done levels. The moment that you can't take anymore, you flip the table card over to the red side and the steaks pass you like you donned Harry Potter's invisibility cloak. (Yes, I know... two family movie references in a single post... I'm getting too soft.) The meats range from chicken, aged Parmesan crusted pork, garlic glazed sirloin, bacon-wrapped fillet... drooling yet? I was a kid in a candy store there! A small warning... I don't care how much you can pack away, I guarantee your eyes are bigger than your stomach. Pace yourself and focus on tasting more than gorging to get your money's worth (everyone pays the price by the way). And did I mention the wine list? Fantastic selection! Highly recommend the Malbec choices. That's it. If you're tired of paying insane amounts of money and always being served a bland or basic slab of cow at Morton's, Ruth Chris, Sullivan's, and the like, you need to try this place out.
