I love me some tapas and Tia Pol had a solid performance this Saturday night! I came with my date around 10 pm for a late light bite and we were pleased to be seated immediately. I liked the warm ambience, low lighting and trendy-but-not-trying-too-hard music (e.g. Lenny Kravitz mixed with some upbeat & ambiance stuff). When you walk into Tia Pol, there is a nice bar on your left, followed by a few 2-seater tables on the right hand side as you move back. In the very back of the restaurant, there are a few bigger tables, but it's an intimate place for sure! (READ: date spot!!) Aside from one 4-person table of girls obviously enjoying their sangria (no judgement from this yelper :) ), it's definitely a date spot. We sat perched on two very high bar stools in a booth, ordered a pitcher of red Sangria (a tad bit syruppy, but that did not stop me from drinking my half of the carafe!) and looked at the menu. Our best dishes were: -Croquetas de Jamon - warm, crunchy, and light. Get the large (4pcs) for sure! -Gambas al Ajillo - Garlic shrimp. Nuff said. -Paquetitos de Jamon - Unique and delicious. Little chunks of manchego and artichoke wrapped up into a tiny serrano triangle. You get 3 pcs. -Tortilla de Patata - The best I have had in NYC to date. SO moist and flavorful. We had great service by a waiter who was attentive, but not pushy (AKA the awesome kind). I will be back for sure! Know before you go: 1) They take some reservations for the back room, but the rest of the tables are walk-in only. 2) It IS a tapas bar, so if you're going for a 'proper' dinner you might need to order a few more substantial dishes (e.g. tortilla, patatas brava) to fill out the lighter ones (gambas, olives, etc) 3) Try to get a seat in either the back of the restaurant or up at the bar. We got a 2-person table in the middle (on the right hand side of the restaurant). To be honest,  you have to pass by these tables to get to the one bathroom, so there was a fair amount of traffic and loitering by the bathroom about a foot away from our table. 4) Ladies, if you are bringing a purse, I recommend bringing a wristlet here! They don't have purse hangers on the tables, so you basically have to put your purse on the floor since most tables are TINY and will soon be full of tapas!
