My wife and I were in town to visit our daughter who goes to school in Philadelphia. We walked down 18th Street and ran into Continental Midtown. I really wanted to like this place. The place was very busy and a lot of people were going there.  We figured that the food had to be really good.  The place is very hip. Nice music and trendy decor.  I wanted to sit in one of those "continental seats" but we were seated upstairs and the couches looked like something from the Jetsons.  Okay, still cool but honestly not comfortable. Continental attracts a young crowd and my wife felt that we were the "oldies" but I wasn't hung up on that.  The menu is interesting but a bit odd.  The food is meant to be shared.  The items are separated into Tapas, entrees, vegetarian, etc.  Honestly all the dishes are Tapas.  When our server came to the table, I somehow didnt realize that she worked for the restaurant.  We were also sitting pretty low so she seemed very high up.  Just an odd observation.  She brought our drinks.  My wife ordered a margarita on the rocks and i ordered absolute and cranberry.  My drink was brought in a mini glass with a pink straw.  Really?  I thought that i was being punished.  I have never, ever been served a drink in such a small glass. I thought that I was bad or something.  Not a good presentation for the drinks.  Okay, the food comes..we ordered Ahi Tuna which rocked.  Great chips and the dipping sauce was nice.  Pls dont be so stingy next time with the chips. Nice dish.  Then we had mushroom flat bread which I thought was okay. Very thin.  My wife liked it more than I did.  We had the chicken lettuce caps which were really good.  They came with a peanut sauce which gave the dish a yummy flavor.  We also had the spinach with terriaki which was a ridiculously stingy portion but flavorful.  The desert menu looked original and our server told us that everything was homemade but we passed.  Overall, the place is hip and a place to be seen.  The food is mostly really good.  I was not impressed with my drink in a mini glass with a pink straw. I think that there are ups and downs with the Continental but more ups than downs and I would return.
