Eh. I read that this place was great so I made reservations far in advance and my expectations were high. The restaurant is cute and well decorated, but the ambiance is killed by the fact that the tables are way too close together. My partner and I were practically dining with the couple next to us and we could hear pretty much everything they were saying, which made it really difficult for us to carry on a conversation. Since the tables are so very close one of the waiters bumped one of us every single time he walked by or brought something to the other larger table close by. As for the food, we chose to order apps vs an entree and ordered the following: The bruschetta, the sauce was excellent, but the bread was over toasted and it was a litle difficult to eat since it was huge and cutting it was a challenge; some kind of shrimp plate that was so-so; a ceviche of the day with pumpkin seeds sprinkled on top, it was pretty good; hummus and pita, both were excellent; Israeli street fair, which my partner didn't like, she was able to eat a few bites and gave up, partly due to an over abundance of food, but also because it just wasn't that good. We kinda figured that the servers would bring out a couple tapas at a time since our table was really small and because we didn't order entrees, but instead they tried briging them out as they were ready, so we either had to basically shove all of our food in quickly or pile up the plates, since I refused to do either I asked the waitress to have the plates brought out as we were finishing up the previous dishes. Our waitress was very nice and accomodated my request. For drinks we ordered sangria and that was good, but not good enough to want a second glass. Overall we were both disappointed, with the exception of the cauliflower. I really think they should spread the tables out and give people more privacy, or they should charge less because I felt that we spent way too much to be so close to people and bumped into all evening.
