I am only leaving a 3 star review in hopes that the management sees this and re-evaluates their staff. The food is 5 star in my opinion, but the service is more like 2 stars. My boyfriend and I used to have a "tradition" of going there once every other week since, but in the past 5 months or so we have been there once.  I can honestly say it's because the thought of the service really puts us off and we end up not making the trip.   Every visit since the beginning of 2014 our orders come out completely wrong.  The waiter or waitresses who take the order never deliver the food, so you have to sit there and looking around trying to find where your server is hiding.  They must hang out in the kitchen a lot because it usually takes a solid 5 minutes (sometimes longer)  to flag them down or even grab a busboy and ask them to get the server.  Once after having to ask someone to get my waiter, he came over and when I explained I did not order the chicken sandwich (I have been vegetarian for 5 years, so I am 100% positive it was not what i ordered) he went on to tell me that that was, in fact, what I ordered.  I had to convince him it wasn't what I ordered before he switched it.  By the time the dish I actually ordered came out, my boyfriend was done eating and I was pretty pissed off.  This is has happened 4-5 times (no exaggeration!) since February 2014 -- I will either get the wrong thing, the wrong side, or it will have toppings on it I specifically asked for them to leave off. I also don't know if this part comes from management or just poor service - waiting for your check is a 15 minute process.  This is another huge reason we stopped going.  The fact half of the visit our drinks sit empty and we have to physically get up and ask for our server and then get stuck having to leave a decent tip because this place has New York prices. THAT SAID, the food is really great.  The bread they give you is always so good and I can't say I have ever had an issue with the food, it's consistently good.  They also change their menu a lot which is really nice since there is a nice selection.  The drinks are also pretty cheap and made pretty strong.  I can honestly say and I tell this to a lot of people I think this is one of the best restaurants in the area, it's really food that compares to more of a restaurant in NYC in terms of quality and variety.
