Atmosphere: fun, buzzy, colorful--a great place for a fun meal with friends. We sat out on the sidewalk, perfect on a gorgeous early autumn evening. Inside seemed pretty loud so I was glad to be out on the quieter street. Another benefit of a sidewalk table: you get to do some great people-watching during our meal. Service: I loved that they took our cell phone number so we could wander around the neighborhood while we waited for our table. Better still, when they called and we were several blocks away, they held our table for us with zero attitude. Awesome. Our waitress was super nice--answering questions, getting us what we needed, and even noticing when my friend's bad was a little too out-in-the-open. Plus, she didn't look at me disapprovingly when I ordered my third margarita (or I was just too drunk too notice). Food: On our server's recommendations, we got the De la Hoya guac. It was delicious, and not as garlicky as I'd feared. Chips were good but a little too thick & greasy for my preference. The complimentary salsa they came with was pretty awful--didn't have much taste at all, no spice, not even a decent tomato flavor. Because we have trouble making decisions when we're hungry, my friend & I ordered the taco sampler and the enchilada platter to share. The tacos were phenomenal--flavorful, fresh, and interesting without being wacky. My favorites were the sea bass (hint of cinnamon), the grilled beef (perfectly cooked and tender), and the chicken (savory and wonderful). I appreciated the use of corn tortillas, which I prefer to flour (except for the mahi mahi which comes rolled tight in a flour tortilla). The enchiladas were quite good, but nothing special compared to the tacos. I liked the black bean best; my friend preferred the chicken. If I came here again I'd probably go for one of the salads and split the taco platter. Drinks: Blood orange margarita was tasty. But then, I love anything frozen and containing tequila. I always expect blood oranges to have this exotic flavor and am a little disappointed to find it pretty close to a regular orange but maybe a little sweeter and less acidic. For my second drink I tried the El Vez margarita--it was more ice than anything else, so I switched back to the blood orange. My friend tried the Pink Cadillac margarita--that wasn't bad. The drinks aren't super strong--I have a pretty low tolerance for alcohol and I was only a pleasantly tipsy after three. Verdict: I'm definitely a fan. El Vez is a great place for a fun meal with friends.
