I've been here twice, most recently a couple weeks ago. It's a little bit out of the way and in a slightly blighted area six big blocks north of City Hall, but well worth the trek. Delicious Italian food in a casual yet trendy setting. Both times I sat in the back area which is like a sunroom. It's nice and spacious, but as another reviewer commented, it felt like being hidden in a backroom. Didn't really bother me, but it was a little odd -- the restaurant is much bigger than you would (or I did) expect, but I love the rustic-ness of the place. We split a testina pizza (pig's head) and I had grilled octopus, chicken liver rigatoni and a chocolate torte. The pizza is the best in the city (for $21, it should be!), with a puffy, crispy crust delicately seasoned with rosemary and olive oil. Think of a gourmet version of Dock Street, and then think a little better than that. Octopus was very good, but not the best I've had. Good flavor but one or two pieces were *slightly* tougher than what I'd like. It's served on a bed of perfunctory greens, which were all still there when I was done eating, save for a couple pieces that attached themselves to the odd tentacle. Some room for improvement. The chicken liver rigatoni was one of the tastiest meals I've ever eaten. There's no other way to describe it than one of those dishes that you just keep eating because it tastes so good, and then feel too full 10 minutes later. Presentation is non-existent -- it's served in a cheap-looking bowl without any flair -- but that's the point here. It feels like something your Italian mother would make. Chocolate torte was just okay. A little too bland and a little too crumbly. Wine list is excellent, and, it should be noted, on the very reasonable side of things: Most of the bottles on it are under $100, and you can find more than a few under $50. Kudos to them for that. My main problem with the place is the lameness of the entrees. For a place that serves sweetbreads, chicken liver and pizza with headcheese, I was hoping for an entree that was similarly interesting. Instead, you can choose from tuna, skate or grilled chicken (rabbit and wild boar's leg is about as adventurous as the entrees get). The special when I was there last was described as a whole roasted pig, of which they slice off leg and shoulder meat. When I asked the waitress if it came with the good bits like ears, trotters or snout, she laughed and said no. Oh well.
