My expectations were high. It's been a place that my husband and I kept on meaning to go to, yet for some reason or another, could never quite make it.  Finally tonight, after many months of talking about it, all the stars were aligned and we plus a friend dined at Marc Forgione. We had the Sunday supper which I thought was a great deal - 3 courses for $44. Before I go into the review, I should mention that we ate at the bar, so was served by the bartender rather than a waiter.  That might explain some of the oversights I will detail below. For appetizers, my husband had the yellow beet salad and I had the quail and waffle.  He loved his salad.  I enjoyed the quail and waffle, although I wish the chef had held back just a tad on the maple syrup.  The dish was a bit too sweet so almost overwhelmed the flavor of the quail. This was almost a really good dish. Our friend also had the quail. For entrees, my husband had the beef short ribs, and I had the cod stew.  His short ribs were tasty, although on the fatty side. I tasted it as well and thought it was fine, if not spectacular.  My stew was supposed to come with cod, scallops, clams, shrimp, mussels and uni toast.  I say "supposed to" because when my dish came, it was conspicuously missing the scallops.  I inquired and it turned out they had just run out of scallops so did not include it in the dish.  I was pretty annoyed about this, especially for a Michelin star restaurant, I would have expected to be informed and given a substitute or a larger portion of the other ingredients. I mean, it's sea scallops, not a side of lettuce or something. I just find this to be so shady when a restaurant does this.  Anyways, I did say something and they apologized and offered me a larger portion of the cod or more of the other ingredients. I opted for a few more shrimp which they eventually brought out.  Anyways, that pretty much soured the experience for me, as I expect more from a restaurant of this caliber. Taste-wise, the stew was good, but not anything more special than I've had at other places. The uni toast was the standout of that dish.  Our friend had the pork, which I did not taste.  He said it was good, although the portion a bit small for his liking. For desserts, our friend had the bread pudding, my husband the panna cotta, and I had the banana souffle.  All three were excellent and I think that saved the meal for me. Other nitpicky things: -the servers kept on mixing up our dishes, i.e. giving me the short ribs, giving my friend the cod, and my husband the pork. (wrong on three counts).  They did this mix up for two courses.  In the grand scheme of things, it's not a huge offense, but again I expect more from a Michelin star restaurant. -for an American restaurant, I was surprised that the wine by the glass menu did not have a single American wine.  Just surprising.  I did not see the full by the bottle wine list so not sure if they had American wines on there or not. -the bartender poured my friend the wrong wine on the second pour he asked for - poured him my wine instead of his.  Although she did realize this immediately and gave us a glass on the house. Overall, I thought the food here was tasty, just not Michelin star level, and service spotty.  Not sure I would come back here again for the prices, unless it's the Sunday night supper deal again.  My husband and friend were not impressed and said they would not come back. The bill for three of us was $270 including tax and tip. We had the $44 dinner (+6 extra for short ribs), and a few drinks.
