Nine years ago, I was brought here by a friend at about 2 AM.  As we all know, decisions can be a struggle past a certain time of night, or in life all together.  With the chalkboard menu, there's no wasting time. Depending on my hunger rumbles, I could go a few different ways.  For first timers, it's either the Works Burger, or the feeling of pathetic burger hating shame. Guys, remember in high school when you turned down a girl, then the girl returns after summer break all sexy hot?  I will be that girl, or instead I will be a guy eating a burger with crunchy, mouth watering bacon, smiling right at you with disgust.  What I'm pleading is; don't pass on this piece of meat. The marinated chicken sandwich always satisfies, but the worry remains - do I want chicken burps for the next three hours?  Definitely not, if this is the first stop of the night. Last sandwich choice is the comforting grilled cheese and bacon.  The sandwich your mom never told you about as a kid.  To this day, my girlfriend and my mom always try to slip in the tomato.  No thank you, just cheese, grease, and a Mt. Everest pile of bacon. Don't' forget about the paper plate of fries.  I get it, they suck.  People write, "they're not as good as McDonald's."  Who cares?  All I'm concerned about is not sharing.  Get your own two dollar plate of fries.  Rarely is it acceptable to eat fries with a fork.  Don't mess with me when I'm in the zone. They have a full bar, but the only choices I know are light and dark.   McSorley's that is.  For $2.50 a mug. Why do I come back?  In nine years nothing has changed a bit.  There's always a line, but it moves fast.  Same bussers, same bartenders.  Tourists are occasionally present, but not noticeably present.  I love sitting in every spot.  I like going alone, with my date, or in a small group.  I love kicking a couple back, while watching the cook, flip 20 burgers at a time.  It's dark and even if it's the 30th visit and Miles Davis "Kind of Blue" comes on the jukebox one more time, it never gets old and I always feel like a part of New York City.
