I really did not want to like this place and wait for 2 hours for ramen ever again. Unfortunately for me, their ramen was delicious, which says a lot coming from a person who has never been particularly fond of the dish, but those pork buns were hands down the highlight of my week and I will gladly wait for 2 hours to have them again. We started our meal with an order of the Hirata Pork Buns (2 pcs) and an order of the Hirata Chicken Wings (3 pcs). The bun encased 2 thick slices of marinated pork belly, topped with their house mayo and a lettuce leaf; the bun was fresh and fluffy, the pork was tender, flavorful, and fell apart in your mouth, and that house mayo just added that extra oomph in each bite. The chicken wings appetizer was the BF's favorite dish; the crunchy chicken wings doused in some spicy sesame vinegar were good, but I was still busy dreaming about the pork bun I had just eaten. We both ordered the Akamaru Modern Ramen with the extra egg and pork belly. I have never really liked ramen (the exception being instant Korean Shin Ramen, which I ate throughout college) and went in expecting to reaffirm my abhorrence towards the dish. To my surprise, I loved it: it still had that familiar ramen taste but on a more complex and party-in-your-mouth type of level. The broth was silky and perfectly seasoned (I often find that Asian soups/broths tend to be on the msg/saltier side). One of the reasons I dislike ramen is because the noodles are oftentimes bland and flavorless alone, and I'm not sure if that's how it's supposed to be served, but I'm not a fan. Ippudo's noodles, however, managed to soak up the flavor of the broth and each bite was perfect. I probably wouldn't get the egg again as I really didn't taste the difference with and without, and I wasn't a fan of the thick chunk of pork belly, it was just a bit much for me; the BF loved it though. I thought the price was justified by the portion and quality of the dish, which I could barely manage to eat half of before handing over my bowl to my BF. Yes, he had 1.5 ramen, and yes, he finished it all, it is THAT good, but we have also agreed that the next time we return, we will order only one order of the ramen and make room for a slice of the Lady M Crepe Cake (and perhaps order an extra plate of the buns...)! After the meal, they gave us complimentary hot tea, which I thought was a nice touch. Service was great from start to finish: our water glasses were always full, we had plentiful amounts of wet wipes, and the timing in between the dishes was perfect. The waitstaff seem to all speak Japanese, which was super impressive, and they greeted each party that entered the dining room. We were sat at the counter overlooking the chefs work, which was the cherry on top of my entire experience here. Not quite 5 stars, but solid 4.
