I went to Mamoun's for falafel on a Saturday night. The first thing I noticed on the way to the place was the line 20 people long (out the door) to Mamoun's and a line of 0 people at the other falafel place across the street. That certainly tells you something doesn't it? Despite the long line we waited maybe 5 minutes before we ordered our food. We received that food (two falafel sandwiches with hummus and an order of grape leaves) not 45 seconds later. Despite this incredibly fast service the people behind the counter were friendly and made us feel welcomed even in that short time frame. Also the place was a bit small (can't blame them for that though, it's just a small space) but very clean and well decorated. The price for the above order was $8, $2.50 + $0.50 for the hummus on the sandwiches and $2 for the grape leaves. Certainly prices I can get behind, but do you get what you pay for? Heck no! You get much more than that. The falafel was great, crispy and not oily with a good flavor. It had an adequate amount of lettuce and tomato in the sandwich as well. The tahini sauce was incredible and the hummus was good but we decided it was unnecessary with the tahini being so good. In all, the sandwich had great balance and blend of flavor. The grape leaves though, well that's where Mamoun's loses their star. With the falafel and tahini tasting so good I was hoping for some hand made grape leaves, unfortunately they use canned grape leaves like most other restaurants. Don't get me wrong, they still tasted good but when you've had fresh hand made grape leaves there really is no comparison. I'm sure that actually making their own stuffed grape leaves would be time and cost prohibitive and for $2 I'm not disappointed in what I got, but I do still have to take off the one star because of it. I did not try their other menu items, shwarama, tabouleh salad, baba ganoush, or the desserts (though they looked really good) but I hope to go back next time I'm in the area and try them. In summary, if you like falafel and haven't gotten a chance to go to Mamoun's, make the effort and stop in (heck it's only slightly more expensive than the subway ride to get there). Is it the best falafel in the City? I don't know I haven't tried it all, but I think that the food, the service, and the atmosphere more than warrant this four star rating.
