ZENTO..........ZENTO....................ZENTO!!!!!­!!!!!!! scream it over and over again. Its really fun to say. ZENTO!!!!!!!!!!!!! ok, enough of that. Zento is located on 2nd and Chestnut right down the road from Han Dynasty. Its a little place. But that aint gonna stop it from being great dammit! The square sushi is very nice , ( tuna and salmon ) the king crab miso soup is more than really nice as is the grilled chicken soup. BOTH are legendary. Both are incredible. There is a tuna sushi with avocado dish that might not even be on the menu thats incredible but here is the down side. That tuna sushi...its amazing, but............its like 6-7 bucks a piece. So when you get 5-6 pieces and you didn't know the price and BLAM.......30-35 bucks on an app..........IT ADDS UP! because 2-3 rolls are not gonna fill my should be fat ass up! I would say be careful with ordering a ton because its going to cost you. I hate writing that because the quality of the food is really high. Sam Ho the chef ( co chef as the sushi chef is another fella ) really is a genius. He makes incredible dishes and is very creative. I think the prices are just a bit too high. Top quality sushi though ( especially for the east coast. It hangs with just about any NYC place I have been to not that that's saying a ton because the instant you hit the west coast it's way easier to get your good sushi on....can I get a Sushi Ike ya'll?!?! ) The kitchen dishes are amazing. You could easily just get some soup and one dish and it wont cost you an arm and a leg. The vibe in the place is cool enough. You wont be going there for its stylish design and mood lighting. While its not a North Philly take out only Chinese place , its also not the absolute silliness that is all things Steven Starr ( the extra R in star is for Really mediocre food ) Zento is probably philly's best sushi in center city. There is a place however in Plymouth Meeting called Blue Finn that might take the regional crown. The fact that the best sushi in the area might be in Plymouth Meeting is quite astonishing. That's a whole other story. Zento is easily worth your visit. Its pricing keeps it from a 5th star. I might give out the 5 stars too easily come to think of it. 4 aint too shabby. Great job Zento. scream Zento over and over and magically a japanese movie monster will appear! HAI DOZO!!!!!!!
