A highlight reel: Appetizer: The special.  An Italian "crepe" filled with a delicious mix of ricotta, roasted eggplant, and pesto, topped with red onion confit and (I think...) shaved parmesan cheese.  Served in a searing hot ceramic crock type device.  Came to the table still bubbling from the oven.  Boyfriend insists that he does not like ricotta cheese.  Boyfriend happily finishes the last bite when offered. Salads: Good.  But not good enough to make the highlight reel. Entree.. me: The duck special with sour cherry reduction, asparagus, and some sort of pan-crisped/roasted sliced potato stack.  Duck was cooked to perfection -- crisp duck fat skin, tender pinky medium rare meat -- and seasoned perfectly.  Potatoes were delicately garlicked (if there can be such a thing?), edges delightfully crisped, centers tender and toothsome.  Boyfriend ate several... I cleaned my plate. Entree.. him: The quail stuffed with figs and walnuts served with mashed/pureed potatoes and zucchini.  Everything on his plate was excellent.. not necessarily write-home-about-it exciting or earth-shattering, but clearly expertly prepared.  Most notable in my mind was the absolutely perfect ratio of quail to stuffing.  I have no idea how they managed to get all of those figs and walnuts into those quails, but I tip my hat to whoever figured out that secret technique. Dessert: Chocolate cake was good.  But... Ginger creme brulee -- the replacement for the pumpkin creme brulee on the menu.  If I were you.. and I were planning to eat dinner at Melograno complete with dessert, I would definitely go over there the morning of and make sure that the pumpkin mysteriously goes missing.  I'm not suggesting that you engage in any sort of criminal act or anything, mind you.. but if you could persuade a sympathetic cook or server to hide the pumpkin under some bags of onions, stash it behind the potatoes, pile it in a random corner and cover it with some napkins.. you get the idea.  I was stuffed to the gills and only because I was in a public place and thought that they might never let me come back if I acted on the impulse did I manage to avoid bringing the ramekin to my face and licking it clean. ETA We returned to Melograno and had, all things considered, a reasonably good meal.  The special appetizer "risotto cake" (actually just semi-creamy rice in a ringmold, but whatever) was ok, the salmon I had was ok...  And I would be inclined to drop to 4 stars because the risotto cake had a little bit of an off taste.. . But here's the reason for the update: We sort of made a spur-of-the-moment decision to eat here as we were getting ready to take the dog for her early evening walk.  We took her with us and they let us eat on outside with her by the table.  Yay!  Dog-friendly fine dining!
