Having visited this joint probably over a dozen times, I can't help but feel that this is the quintessential David Chang experience, more so than Ko, Ma Peche, or even Noodle Bar.  This place is no frills, hitting the sweet spot in price range with the flexibility to occasionally incorporate the higher end of the culinary spectrum (Dry Aged Niman Ranch Ribeye anyone?) without being shoehorned in with pomp and circumstance.  It is, in the end, a great dining experience that is only enhanced by the unpretentiousness of it. This place is always busy at prime time.  You do, however, get to leave your mobile number so you're freed from the normal shackles of staying within a 20 foot radius of the place.  Put your name on the list and the maitre d will give you a quick text on her tablet of power.  Note: She won't seat you unless your party is fully there, even if your dining partner is taking the unfortunately mistimed call outside.   Service has always been good, but this is based on expectation.  I'm not at an Eleven Madison or a Per Se so I don't expect my dishes to be cleared the second I'm done or for my water to be topped off constantly.  However, if you ask, you shall receive and you shall receive promptly. The decibel level is high but not excessively so.  By that I mean you will most likely still hear your fellow diners most of the time and the sound level won't literally hurt your ears.   If you're a party of less than 3, you will invariably be seated at the counter where you will be treated to economy airline sized seating.  It pays to not be a giant sometimes. The food, despite going through various iterations over the years, has essentially kept the same themes.  Expect raw seafood options, japanese and french influences, and pickled everything. But let's be more specific: Fluke - Fresh, flavorful and light. Diver Scallops - An absolute must.  Perfectly seared scallops in an incredible dashi. Pork buns - A momofuku staple.  You can't go wrong here. Santa Barbara Uni - An average dish which doesn't quite work.  The wasabi peas were overpowering. Quail - If you like black garlic, this dish is right up your alley.  Quail can't help be but tender but can be unsatisfying given its size.  Another strong example of momofuku's excellent use of pickling. Concord Grape Sorbet - One of the best desserts around.  I would not expect the blend of black sesame, miso, and thail basil to work so well but they do.  Oh, they do. Not everything works but most of the time they do.  And sometimes you can get a dish here that's nothing short of revelatory (e.g. scallops, sorbet, etc.).   Come here.  Actually, you don't need to hear it from me.  All your friends have already told you so.
