Lunch Specials for $6.90. It comes with your choice of an Appetizer and Jasmine rice (noodle dishes don't come w/ rice). The lunch specials are offered EVERY DAY from 11:30 am-3:30 pm. How can I not like this place?   Upon entering, you will pass a black curtain. We were the only customers standing near the entrance and it took about 15 mins for someone to notice we were waiting to be seated. Once we were seated, service did improve slightly. Don't get me wrong, the gentlemen here are super friendly and very kind. However, it was difficult to grab their attention and we would often have to ask for things (ie. extra silverware, water refills, sauces, napkins). This place gets packed but the vibe here is very chill. I love the modern decor. The ladies room has big and beautiful mirrors in it. If you enjoy Sangrias, give their Lychee Sangria a try. It's cool and refreshing. We asked our server for a recommendation on an Appetizer and he suggested the Coconut Calamari Tempura. It's served with Sweet Chili dipping sauce. We really enjoyed this dish. It had a nice consistency and was seasoned well. I'd definitely rank it among the top 3 best fried calamari dishes I've had. We decided to try the Room Service Pad Thai. It's listed under their Traditional Bangkok section. The Room Service Pad Thai is different than the Pad Thai offered at most Thai restaurants. This type is made with vermicelli, mixed seafood, mangoes, tamarind juice, and purple coconut milk beet sauce. It is then wrapped in an egg white crepe. The presentation of the dish was beautiful and it was jam packed with flavor. There are a number of other dishes listed under their Traditional Bangkok section. Here are the names of a few: Pad-Noh-Mai, Chicken Pumpkin Curry, Grilled Tumeric Half Chicken, Chu-Chee Salmon, Spicy Squid Ink Spaghetti, Pomegranate Walnut Duck, Lychee Siamese Duck, Sake Tunataro. The $6.90 Lunch Special includes dishes such as Pad Thai, Kee Mao, Pad Si Ew, Roasted Cashew Nut Fried Rice, Red/Green Curry, Panang Curry, Basil/Garlic/Ginger Dish. Each of these comes with your choice of Chicken, Tofu, or Vegetables. If you want it with Shrimp, Beef, or Veggie Duck it costs extra. The Lunch Special also comes with one Appetizer. Here are some of the choices: Sesame Tofu, Spring Rolls, Vegetable Dumplings, Chicken Satay, Chicken Tom Yum Soup. I tried the Spicy Basil Noodle (Kee Mao) with Chicken. It was flavorful but I didn't like the consistency of the noodles. It was a bit mushy. Overall, we enjoyed our dinning experience at Room Service.
