yelp leads me astray?????  165 reviewed 4 star Italian joint must be great right?  eh, not so much... 7:30 reservations, walk in at 7:25 to a waiting room packed with like 40 unhappy looking people shoved together like cattle - not a good sign.  go to desk and let lady know our name and party of four are here, and she says "ok, it will be just a minute" - as I hearing snickering and some "yeah good luck with that" type comments from some of the other 40 people in the room crammed together like sardines.  not a good sign #2....  this place is byo so there is no bar to go grab a drink and wait to be seated.  so everyone is staring at each other holding a bottle of wine, wondering why the place even bothers with reservations...  OVERBOOKED 7:55  this sucks, and we decided to go outside, even though its really cold, because more and more people keep filling the waiting room to the point that it becomes claustrophobic, hot, and really uncomfortable being face to face and  belly to belly with the other folks in our party and other parties....  why at this point we didnt walk down the main street to another restaurant in town is beyond me... but the thought of doing this dance at another place WITHOUT reservations (lol) was nauseating so we grinned and beared it.   8:10 someone comes out to lets us know our table is finally ready and we squeeze thru all the humanity in the waiting room to enter the restaurant. no thanks for being patient, no sorry for the wait, even with ressies... whatever, fine, please just crack this wine...  as we walked into a few different crowded rooms, there were more than a few empty tables???  wha???? waitress comes over, and, here we go, she looks sooo frazzled.  i get it,  its a saturday night, place is jamming, your place overbooked like CRAZY... but cmon, effing smile.  thats a HUGE bugaboo of mine.  make me at least feel welcome after waiting 40+ minutes, with a reservation, and no apology, please at least just give me a fake smile.  how about a "how are you tonite?"  nope. uncorks wine, doesnt pour and runs off? later brings over tiny thing of dipping oil for bread, but no bread.  asked twice.  finally grab a busboy and he brings bread.   she returns and sprints thru specials. so effing loud in here i couldnt hear 1/2 of them.   on to the food... ooof.   apps as well as entrees ordered were disappointing to say the least. apps: ginger calamari: pedestrian, kinda mushy. not overly horrendous.  new england mussels in marinara were pretty good, but 5 (yes five) mussels in tomato sauce was expensive imo  at $15.  and "buffalo" mozz special was tiny tiny pieces of fresh "buffalo" mutz with a scattering of some diced tomatoes?  what the F?   my stuffed pork chop entree was way overdone, to the consistency of my shoe, with way too much fig jam or glaze that made it cloyingly sweet to the point of being unpalatable, with NO HINT of Gorgonzola or prosciutto as advertised.  wife's  sea bass was an equally disappointing dish with a tiny, mushy, flavorless piece of fish with some mashed potatoes, no veggies on the  side, no taste, no love, no nothing. the other couple we were with seemed ok with their food, but no ooohs or aaahs to be had here.  and guess what - dessert sucked, shocker right?  chocolate lava cake was dry and gross, creme brulee unmemorable.   Overall a shitty experience at a place that garnered lots of yelp love.  will never EVER make this mistake again.    Paisanos, get your act together.  or dont.  doesnt matter to me, as i sure as hell aint ever coming back.
