Positvely one of theworst experiences I have ever had anywhere in the world. I never thought I'd say it, but I've gotten better service at a back-alley Hong Kong noodle shop than I got at this place. In general, when I tend to focus on 1) food, 2) atmostphere, 3) service, 4) concept. Depending on whether you are an expensive $500 meal or a $4 dollar hot dog stand, these factors should be weighed differently, agree? Atmosphere: (Cozy) Well, I came to UVA for their wine bar and some small eats with a group of friends, hostess was great in getting us a seat. Decor is nice and cozy, but it's predictable "old-style" New York in a pre-war building, with ceiling mouldings and chandeliers, cliched but well done. These are all the positive comments I have. Drinks: ($15/glass) We sat down, checked in our bags and coats, and got our menus. Three of us got wine, while I asked about cocktails or spirits. Our waiter replied that they have an open bar with almost everything, so I order a rum cocktail. He comes back 5 minutes later and tells me that they are too busy to make me a cocktail, so I order a moscato instead. My pretty Norwegian friend asks for a Cosmopolitan, and he comes back in a couple minutes with the drink. We think it strange, but passable. Service: (Unacceptable) I finish my wine, waiter asks me if I want more, I say not for now. He replies with a heavy dose of attitude, "Well, I guess you're only having water tonight then." I am just astounded by his ineptitude. A normal waiter would have said "Oh, would you like to look at any of the menus while you decide your next drink?" or "Well, is there anything else you would like?" Later my friend asks for her glass of water, since he only brought 4 not 5, he comes up from behind meas I'm lifting my glass to drink and unexpectedly hits my glass on the top as he reaches across me to hand accross the table, and says "Dude, be more careful." At this point my friends are all wondering what in the world is wrong with this guy (and joking about how easy he has made our tipping arithmetic). One of us asked for sliced bread with Nutella, but he replies that we must wait until 11pm (it was 10:30pm) and to stop asking. Conclusion: (Awful) Pretty much we all became uncomfortable whenever our socially-challenged waiter came by. Now, you can say the wine was good. But think about this: they don't make wine, they merely buy it and charge you twice as much for it (or more) so what I'm paying for is the atmosphere and service. In some places service is expected to be poor, but here it is a defining feature, and this place fails expectacularly. I will never come back and advise against coming even once. There are more convenient establishements with similar offerings but far better service and accomodations.
