I have visited many Portuguese restaurants in Newark and so far this is the worst. We had a Groupon and called ahead to reserve as requested.  Our table was waiting for us (one point) but after that it went straight downhill. Our waitress greeted us and we informed her of our Groupon.  She explained it to us very nicely and then told us it would be 45 minutes so you may want to order appetizers and showed us where they were on the menu. When you come hungry for a 7:30 PM dinner that is not what you want to hear.  45 minutes.  So of course now we are ordering appetizers and upping the bill.   We ordered a stuffed shrimp, fried calamari and stuffed mushroom all tapas size.  We were served our sangria and waited and waited and waited.  about 30 minutes later I said "we ordered the appetizers to hold us over for the meal, now they are going to arrive WITH the meal"   The usual apologies and they arrived.  All three were mediocre at best and one had to be returned and taken off the bill because the shrimp was not cooked.  After you got through the breading and toppings it was grey!  This shrimp was so tiny it was ridiculous and you can't even cook it thoroughly?  Waitress apologized and took it off the bill.  The other two extremely mediocre. Dinner arrives about right    At least 45 minutes or more.  It was a Paella for four.  The entire meal was overcooked, dried out, the rice was sticky and although I am not a paella expert I can just say it was pretty bad.  Two of our guests have had it many times and stated they would never come back here again. Dessert -  no thanks, we'll go elsewhere.  Left feeling very ripped off and disappointed.  From what I can see the reviews are all over the chart on this place so I can only believe that there are good and bad nights for this place, but there are too many other great places in Newark where the food is good every visit. Sangria - not bad Food - Bad Service - decent Wait Time - Bad Lesson Learned - Check back here at Yelp before buying Groupons
