Walking in, my girlfriend and I were petrified looking at the line of people that literally filled up the Diner in the middle as you walk in for a lunch date. We quickly decided we were going to stick it out and wait. Just then a man working with the restaurant went down the line of people waiting offering fresh cut and very cold orange wedges while we waited (it was so hot outside). Then he walked down a few moments later collected the peels. Then he walked down offering fresh french fries with homemade hollandaise sauce for dipping. It was a really nice gesture to offer a taste of the food while you wait. Certainly it kept the people waiting to hold out! (as we did!) We waited maybe 10 minutes, continually moving so people could maneuver in and out of the door (that's how crowded it was). Then about 6 groups of people were promptly seated on their side room in addition to us being seated. All of the waiters are quick to fill water glasses and they all work jointly in bringing food, refilling drinks, taking orders, cleaning tables, etc. It's a nice family operated jointness. It was refreshing to see (even if all the employees weren't family -- it was clear they were a team). My girlfriend ordered a Coke Float and I ordered the Famous Cherry Lime Ricky. This was AMAZING -- and the food we ordered was equally delicious. We both ordered the Veggie Burger and I ordered the sweet potato fries while she ordered the regular fries. The sweet potato fries didn't crisp up but the flavor was delicious. The regular fries are to DIE FOR -- crispy beyond belief and incredible. The service was fast and good. The tables are close to eachother so you can certainly hear other people's conversations but it's New York -- no one is listening! :) Also, note that they only do CASH at this Diner -- No credit cards. So be sure to have the cash handy! I just love the vintage feel of this place. Brings me back as if I'm in the movie "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" -- hilarious and probably why I liked it (along with the food) so much!
