Café Cluny, this small little slice of heaven in the West Village, is one place I recommend whole-heartedly if you are looking for a place to enjoy delicious brunch. This daintily little café is nicely decorated with dim lighting even in the middle of the day, since 85% of the light in this place basically lit by candles.  The look of this place was definitely very soft with much use of light pastel colors and pinkish lighting (kind of made me feel at ease).  The place definitely portrayed a high-end look for a café.  If I was to describe the place in a few words it would be parisian chic. I was lucky enough to not have to wait be seated because I was meeting a group of friends there (they had to wait around 25 minutes for a table though).  The place was pretty full when I arrive and there were people waiting to be seated at 3:30 in the afternoon so i just got lucky and didn't have to wait.  Upon siting, I was immediately greeted by the waiter, who was more that courteous and attentive.  Within a few minutes I had a great mimosa in one hand while I ordered the Breakfast Club Sandwich with fries.  The food took around 15 minutes for it to arrive at the table, which is more than respectable in the food & beverages business. The sandwich was, without exaggerating, one of the most delicious breakfast sandwiches I have had, and I've had more than my share of breakfast sandwiches.  The ingredients complemented themselves perfectly making for quite a meal.  The fries that came with it were also very good.  They were thin fries which are not my preference but I really have to give credit where credit is due, they are good.  My roommate had ordered french toast with berries on top.  Take it from me, I don't even like french toast and I thought they were delicious! One thing that should be stated is that this place is not cheap.  The mimosas are $12 a pop and between three of us we spent seventy-something dollars.  The majority of the bill came from the drinks, not the food so if you feel like having a sober brunch you would definitely pay less. If you would like a delicious brunch in parisian-style cafe with good service, visit Café Cluny, just be prepared to have to wait 25 to 40 minutes for a table.
