It's a strange story about how I found this place.  The short version is, I met the bartender at another restaurant randomly, and he started telling me about these new spirits they were carrying at the bar.  That was all I needed to hear.   The spirits... were amazing.  But, the real find here, was the restaurant, the food, the people, and the overall experience. I was on my way to Manchester from Randolph, long story.  This place was on the way, though, and I'd promised the guy that I'd stop on by to try the maple bourbon on the way down.  Thinking I'd just pop on by the bar for a drink or two, maybe a snack, I was intrigued immediately by the daily specials, especially after they were ordered by patrons at the bar.  So, a drink or so in, and I'm thinking, "You have to have dinner sometime." Seated, I proceeded to peruse the menu.  It wasn't overly huge, but it was extremely difficult to make a decision, as nearly every option looked enticing.  From new offerings to classics redesigned, I was scratching my head fervently.  I ended up on the charcuterie plate, which was heavenly.  The Tennessee Brown Jam was the clear star of this dish, but everything from the homemade pate and terrine to the in-house pickled onions, mustard and figs was perfect together. Dinner was the special, Steak au Poivre, but made with hanger steak instead.  A bit surprising, but one bite, and you knew why. The steak was so full of flavor, so meaty, but yielding, and exceptionally well-cooked.  The sauce was velvet, pure and simple.  Creamy, but not heavy; spicy, but not overbearing.  Just, perfect. I couldn't help it at this point, and I plunged head-first into dessert.  Chocolate trio... oh, heavens.  I still get misty-eyed when I think on it.  I think my favorite was the white chocolate and toasted almond brittle.  Every element was beyond reproach.  The salted caramel chocolate was equally amazing, and the mousse-like offering was melt-in-your-soul delicious...  Words fail. The service was amiable and inviting, the décor was cozy and warming, and the food and beverage were beyond description.  I sincerely hope to find myself in that neck of the woods again in the future.  Thank you, kind bartender, for beckoning me to your wondrous establishment!
