Fresh & delicious food in a reasonable-sized portions with quality good-old mom-n-pop lovely service! This is vegetarian's delight! I've had three visits and I can't say enough good things about the place. Here are the items we ordered: Mumbai-style vada-pav. Now, we wanted them to be extra spicy, and they came out so good in taste, texture & overall experience - All 3 visits - so full marks to consistency! The second thing one of our friends ordered were Samosa and she said she had never had them any better. Then, the host brought Paneer Methi Tikki, on-the-house, because I had said I'm not sure why but I wasn't thrilled about this item on our first visit. He was so proud of his Paneer Methi Tikki that he wanted real feedback this time. To my pleasant surprise, I had nothing but praise for it this time. Then he revealed how this is his best-selling item and that he was fulfilling an order of 200 dishes of it tomorrow morning only!! We all shared his gift and liked it so much, we ordered two more!! For the meal on today's 3rd visit, our party ordered Mysore Masala Dosa, Masala Dosa, Biryani and everyone was very pleased with their portions, amount of cooking and level of spice. The dessert, although they suggested we try their Rabadi (they serve that with Jalebi on Thursdays, I think) and Rasmalai, we stayed with our old favorites of Pista Kulfi and Malai Kulfi and both just kept the great experience intact! Finally, I'm a sucker for Indian Masala Chai (cooked tea) - and the owner, God bless her, makes it customized for me and my guest. It tastes so great I had two cups - with my dinner!! There's a TV that plays latest Bollywood music albums! Got to say, it's a pleasant surprise that you get your food in real china restaurant-style plate and with right type (stainless steel) of fork-knives & spoons. I hate to name drop, but we used to go to Dimple's before and loved their food too, but it seems like for the last couple of years the quality there has tapered off significantly. May be they have a new chef. Talk of the Town is our new favorite!
