Friday night in NYC.  Where to go, where to go? The BF and I had been looking up places for dinner and we decided to give Momofuku Ssam Bar a try, hoping that at 11:00pm on a Friday, we might still be able to get a table. We were pleasantly surprised with ZERO wait time.  It's a relatively small restaurant with bar seating taking up half of the left side, and a mixture of bar table and dining table seating on the right.  Dimly lit and a slightly loud, it has an energetic, trendy atmosphere.  The bar seating can get a little cramped with the odd elbow occasionally saying hello to your back, but all in all, it's cozy. The pork buns are phenomenal - a must have.  The pork is tender and juicy, mixed with some greens and a slice of fresh cucumber to add some crunch to the otherwise deliciously soft steamed bun.  The BBQ pork rib sandwich is also amazing - more delicious marinated, melt-in-your-mouth BBQ pork, nestled in great crusty french bread with what looked like sliced napa cabbage and scallions. The other dishes we tried were the fried baby artichokes, which I actually don't recommend - it had a nice texture, but someone had a heavy hand with the salt that night and it really could have been salty fried-anything.  Finally was the spicy pork sausage with rice cakes - it seems like it might be American Chili meets Korean Ddukbokgee.  All in all, a good concept (spicy, great texture and crunch to the rice cakes, and I love pork in just about everything), but again, someone in the back felt a little too generous with the salt.  I'm hoping it was just the night, and not a pattern to be discouraged by.  Definitely not discouraged yet.   The bill was surprisingly reasonable, and the sake bottle we ordered to accompany dinner was mild, fruity and smooth.  I'd consider it a good date place, though if you come any earlier, you might want to mentally prepare yourself for a wait.  My feeling in general on the place is - I LOVE IT. PROS: -  Trendy date atmosphere -  PORK BUNS -  BBQ RIBS SANDWICH (why is one of the best rib sandwiches I've ever had at an asian fusion restaurant?) CONS: -  Potential for a long wait -  Can get a little crowded
