A couple months ago, Wing L. issued a spicy challenge to Amy S. and me to eat Peaches Hothouse's famous spicy fried chicken. We both gladly accepted and then later threw a wrench in his plans by 1) Amy got sick the day of and 2) at Peaches, I calmly announced that I did not care for fried chicken was going to eat something else. I don't disllike fried chicken, but given a choice of fried chicken and something else, something else will almost always win. Fried chicken is what I eat when I don't see anything else I want. After Wing stared at me in disbelief, he asked me what I was there for then. "The sides." I had looked at the menu and I was way more excited about the sides than I was for any of the main entrees. "The sides," he repeated. "Yes, I want all of them!" I gestured grandly. Thankfully Sandy C. and Sallina were game so we got all EIGHT sides -- collard greens, grilled asparagus, sauteed kale with garlic, creamed corn with bacon, French fries, mashed potatoes, creamy grits, and macaroni and cheese. They really know how to cook their greens, so that they're tender, but not mushy. I LOVED the collard greens, just a touch spicy to give it a nice kick. I would happily come back down to Peaches for their greens and the French fries (they don't look like much, but they have the perfect crispy exterior and mealy interior that you want in a fry). The creamed corn was very fresh, but I wasn't as enamored with it as everyone else at the table. Mashed potatoes are good, but didn't distinguish itself from other mashed potatoes that I've eaten, macaroni and cheese was okay (preferred a creamier and cheesier sauce), and the grits needed more  salt. While Sandy, Wing, and Sallina were chowing down on fried chicken, I had the boneless short rib. Very tender and good. Thankfully they provided extra bbq sauce because by itself the short rib lacked flavor. I got to taste Wing's "extra spicy" chicken. Very crispy and crunchy. Fried perfectly as it was not at all greasy and oily. Juicy meat. It was indeed spicy, but nothing that Wing and I would call extra spicy. The server told us that if we wanted it even spicier to order it "owner's box" next time. All of us also got the blueberry smash (muddled blueberries in a strawberry lemonade), which was utterly delightful. I made mine more delightful by having vodka in it. Next I'll try it with bourbon. Getting down to Peaches from Astoria took about 1 hr and 20 mins by train. A long ride, but I would say the food (and company) were definitely worth it. But what makes it really worth going down to Peaches is that a few blocks away, there's a hair salon that also does tummy tucks. As my friend said, "You can get blown out and sucked in at the same time." Now *that's* service.
