I went here on a double date with my husband, sister, and her boyfriend. Since my sister lives in town, I let her chose the place (my only request is that it have some gluten free options, which it does!!), and Tinto it was! I suggest making a reservation ANY night of the week to guarantee a table. We had one and still had to wait 10 minutes to sit down. Parking was a breeze as well since there are 2 just across the street. The waiter said that almost everything on the menu is gluten free, and they even had a gluten free menu, so choosing what to order was easy as can be! And when I did have questions about something, he didn't  have to ask the chef, he knew all the answers! He also recommended to order 4-5 plates per person. FYI, unless you are STARVING, and or a sumo wrestler, 4-5 plates is perfect for sharing with another person. Everything was absolutely delicious!! Not to mention that our waiter was so attentive it was like we were his only table! My husband and I ordered: (Dinner) Truffled Chestnut Soup- seriously beyond amazing! It almost got licked cleaned! Diver Scallops- perfectly cooked and my favorite dish of the night! Lamb- served on a skewer in a little glass filled with something you want to stick your finger in and eat every drop of! Duck- yummy, but not the best of what we ordered. Wild Mushrooms- Delicious, but a little too salty! Chicken- again delicious, but not our favorite. (Dessert) Toffee and Black Pepper Custard- everyone else loved this but me! Vanilla Icecream The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of the noise level. I have problems hearing people when it's that loud. And the fact that the bathrooms are in the basement, After a drink or two, it gets a little dangerous! But, other than that, I really have no complaints!! I checked that Tinto is "casual" because you can wear jeans here, but it is NOT a place for sweats of any kind. And it would be totally appropriate to wear a pretty cocktail dress if you were there on a romantic date. Also, each dish is approximately $12.00, with the most expensive one being $21.00, and the least expensive being $5.00. But, since you are ordering a few dishes, that is how it ends up being a bit expensive. Seriously go and enjoy! And when making the reservation, ask for the table looking into the kitchen! Watching them cook is half the fun!
