I typically have a running list of 5 restaurants I'm dying to try for a special occasion and Cafe Matisse has been on there for quite some time. So when the opportunity arose to pick our next  romantic dinner I vascillated between going into the city (NY) or finally making it over to Rutherford to Cafe Matisse. Needless to say, I could not be happier with my choice. From the moment we arrived, the entire experience was relaxed and easy. We were greeted at the door and escorted into their conveniently situated wine shop alcove for a wine tasting (an ingenious way of getting around Rutherford's archaic laws regarding liquor licenses). We were poured one white and one red, both very delicious and this unexpected treat set the mood for the rest of the experience. After purchasing a very reasonably priced Proscecco (a personal favorite of mine) wer were given the choice of sitting outside or inside. I had amply researched this restaurant before making reservations so I knew I wanted to sit outside in the enchanted oasis of a garden in their back seating area. I eagerly peaked back to see that the photos online did not disappoint and without hesitation asked to be sat outside. I should note that the inside is perfectly charming and I would definitely have no reservations about sitting inside if the garden was not available, but this being our first time, I had to go all out. Perhaps one of the most romantic atmospheres of any restaurant I have ever visited (a mental list that includes the rooftop of the Sofitel in Rome with views of the vatican), I found Cafe Matisse to be other wordly. A perfect blend of impressionistic oddities ( a wink to the eccentric taste of the master painter that bears its name) fused with zen-like touches such as flowing fountains and lush fragrant flowers. To be honest, at this point the food could have been awful and I probably would have left with a smile, but to the complete contrary, the food was exceptional. We did the three savory and one menu (you have this option or a slightly less expensive 2 savory/1 sweet selection). Like the decor, the menu items are a blend of whimsical combinations that after reading the first couple few you are left to your imagination as to how these will come together to harmonize in one dish. Oh but they do! Between the two of us we were able to sample most of the dishes. My first was the chestnut goat cheese tart with duck. Light, airy and fully of scrumptous flavor, I savored every little bite. Our other first plate was the sea bass with bok choy. Equally delicious. Our second dishes were the panko crabcake with guacamole fritter and the cajun tuna with tempura avocado. Our waitor (who was terrific), had pointed out that the crabcake had a bit of kick. Not being terribly crazy about spicy food, I was a bit trepidacious about ordering the crab cake, but was nonetheless deterred. I was pleasantly surprised that while it did have a bit of a kick, it almost seemed compulsary to the dish and here again, I devoured every last bite. Our last round of savory dishes were the peach and chile chicken wings and the reuben. We were equally reticent about letting the other sample our dishes as they were just too good to even spare the tiniest forkfull. Perfection. Dessert was no less gratifying. We ordered the vanilla cheesecake with macadamia brittle and the chocolate cake with peanut butter goat cheese mousse. Needless to say we could not have been happier with our first experience at Cafe Matisse and will definitely be repeat customers. An added bonus to note is that they took 10% off our bill for paying in cash (as detailed on their website).
