My quest for a good bourbon drink in this thriving metropolis will never cease.  Hence, my latest adventure to Maysville, which I had heard was a good destination to visit for those inclined to dabble in the brown liquors.  Being a place that serves bourbon makes you the subject of criticism from those of us who hail from the South.  We care not only about the drinks you serve, but we take special offense if it is not done in a manner of gracious and inviting hospitality to all.   Growing up below the Mason-Dixon line, you learn that not everyone drinks mint juleps and wears head-to-toe seersucker (okay we DO both of those things, but only in the summer).  Maysville hits all the right notes to honor my beloved bourbon in a most appropriate way, providing an atmosphere that is casual, chic, and unpretentious.   When you first walk in, the liquor wall is definitely an eye-catcher and the overall decor is classy and understated by NYC standards.  You don't need over the top decorations and gimmicks when you have drinks like these!  Arriving around 3:30pm on Santacon Saturday, I would have expected more people here, but that is of no matter since it afforded a seat at the bar.  After a day of running errands, sitting on a comfy stool while chatting up other patrons around you sounds perfect. For those who are purists and enjoy their drink neat or even on the rocks, you cannot beat the vast selection at Maysville.  Hands down this place has the most extensive variety I've seen in NYC and all at very reasonable prices.  There is a very short list of cocktails, I think 5 in total, so this is not exactly the place for "mixology" and drinks of that nature.   I could tell from the vibe of the place that everyone is welcome.  However, if you are looking for a place that over complicates drinks, has the music turned up so high you can feel your heart rattling, and is more concerned about your entourage (who are probably douche bags anyway), rest assured this is not the place for you.
