OK, just ok...  This was an experience difficult to rate and review as I thought the food was 4-star but the other things bring it down to 3-star. (disclaimer:  this is my snap review, based on only one visit, and may not be reflective of others' experience.) I arrived mid Sunday afternoon.  Got a seat for 1 after waiting for only about 5 minutes.  woo hoo!  (most other reviewers mentioned up to 2 hours wait.) The front waiting area/bar is really cute.  One can cough up $10 for a cocktail or two if you end up waiting there a long time.  Don't know if they take reservation or hand out beepers for you to walk around. Dining room is large and stylishly decorated, but somewhat of a cafeteria style.  You either sit at a communal long table or with your own group in a booth.  The loud incessant greetings "iras-shai mase" are a bit annoying and gimmicky, IMHO.  Nowhere in Japan I heard this level of customer greetings. I was promptly seen, order taken, and pork buns appetizer was quickly served.  You get 2 pieces for $9.  They were excellent but I think the Momofuku ones were a little better. I ordered the Akamaru Modern Ramen.  The broth was rich, nice and admittedly more "refined" than my fav place Menkui tei midtown.  It's $15 with 2 miniscule pieces of pork which were really intense and almost gamy.... The noodle was top quality.  Very good bowl nonetheless.  The overall portion size is a little smaller than most other ramen houses.  You may add an extra portion of pork for $3 or 4. They also have an "extra" noodle option where you can ask for additional portion of noodle for $3 or $4 brought to you in a few min to add to your soup.  (the menu and waitress even warn you that you should leave some soup in your bowl and to order when you are ready as they bring it out so quickly...!!-- OK! whatever!!)  However the guy across from me ordered this but he had to wait 10-15 minutes while his soup was getting cold.  So at least for me, a satisfying bowl with the right amount of protein and noodle would be like $23 !! (extra noodle and pork)--this is based on some really good ramen I had in Japan.  i found this a bit excessive. I had a green tea cocktail.  $10 and I could have had this done better at a hole in the wall for $4.  With tax/tip my lunch was almost $40. Overall, its a good place for ramen if you do not have to wait that long,and even better if someone else is paying.  The pork buns are  great like most people rave about.  Skip the cocktails.  I have not tried other ramen and dishes, of course. However if I have to wait 1 hour or longer to spend $40 or more  for lunch and so-so service, with staff shrieking irasshaimase every 5 minutes...I do not think I will make another visit.
