If I had written this review a month ago, you would have seen four stars, but after tonight my fiancée and I will not be returning. Italian food at its best is simple, with beautiful ingredients and prepared with love. The food at Vite shows a lack of respect for ingredients and technique - indifferently prepared and mediocre. On our first visit, the food was good if unsophisticated, with hit or miss ingredients. Tonight the food was in a word, embarrassing. Where to begin... We should have walked out when we realized it was hot and stuffy inside. We debated staying and decided to have a seat. We were then given two cocktails, the reason we can only imagine as being, "thank you for not leaving." One word, disgusting. Apple liquor with prosecco. Horrible. The drinks remained on our table for the rest of the meal... as they were given. Next... Our wine. So sad. We ordered a quartino of Neprica, which we have had before and it was good. However, it was corked, and our server was unaware that this was even possible. No one even knew what the word "corked" meant. I will say, our server was lovely and has always been friendly in the past, welcoming us with a smile every time.   Then... the "porchetta with potatoes." Laughable. Sliced deli meat with soggy potato chips on top. Say no more. The mains... My fiancée has always ordered the penne, and it has been pretty consistent, yet nothing stunning. I, being the one who likes to try new things, ordered the gnocchi with duck ragu. Sounds wonderful, duck being so tender, you'd think it would lend itself well to ragu. Nope. Dog food. It literally looked like Alpo. The gnocchi was so overlooked that I thought they'd forgotten the pasta. The pasta was mush. The duck, which had been cubed and most likely flash fried in the disgusting, greasy, flavorless, grey sauce of this dish, was rubber. Plus, who serves grape tomatoes in summer when there are beautiful tomatoes in season? I had to send it back. This was not a dish designed by someone who has ever tasted good Italian food. So I asked for the penne instead (By the way, our server confirmed that the wine tasted funny and that the gnocchi was overcooked). Well, we shared my fiancées penne while we waited. When the second batch came out, it was obvious there was no quality control in the kitchen. The pasta was visibly different from the previous plate, lacking color and drowning in a watery tomato sauce. We didn't have to try it to know it was not worth eating. We sent it back again, this time asking for the check instead. We hoped that we would be comped for the meal, having endured this mess, but we knew that wouldn't be the case. We were charged for what we managed to eat and that I can say, was too much. After a walk, we returned to our favorite Mexican restaurant around the corner from Vite, where we are never disappointed.
