Ok, ok, I know what you're gonna say: Cookshop doesn't need a positive review, especially not since the opening of the High Line, which (magically?) ends around 20th street. But who knows, once that fad is over and 10th avenue is restored to the harshness of its Hudson River windstorms (say, in January), maybe it will get a little quieter there. In the meantime, I have to say that Cookshop's increased popularity has not altered its quality. The wine list is always varied (though the French wines tend to be uninteresting, as opposed to the Spanish ones), the food is always great, the uniformed waiters generally attentive and efficient. (I particularly love their bartenders, who get the job done with style but no attitude). I recommend their pizza-appetizers, if, unlike me, the concept of pizza before a main course doesn't simply make you cringe; their seasonal salads, always creative and featuring rare plants such as purslane; their scallops; anything they do to veal or rabbit (sorry, sentimental calf and bunny lovers)... it can get fairly rowdy, and so Cookshop is great for a party. However, if you seat at the bar, you'll be able to enjoy great dining with your conversation (or the opposite, depending on the state of affairs). My final advice: stay away from the desserts (ranking from boring--like the cookies and sundaes--to frankly unacceptable--like their fruit tarts, which seem to oversight the concept of crust whatsoever--to plain silly, like their "candy bars"--unless you have in you the same sort of American childhood nostalgia that would make you enjoy the recent Lisa Yuskavage, or Yoshitomo Nara show nearby. And, and while I am at it: DO NOT try to go one big Chelsea opening night if you want to find a spot at the bar within less than an hour. On the whole, a steady asset amidst the glittering gallery dung. PS: And their brunch is to die for, giving a new dimension to the eternal Bloody Mary/bacon burger couple. Wish that could be true of the Jeff Koons/Damien Hirst tandem.
