I've been to Room Service twice, and I was happy with my experience on both occasions. I'm a huge fan of pad see ew.  I'm sort of obsessed with it have to force myself to order something, anything else, when I go out for Thai.  If I could, Id order it every time I'm out for Thai, and I'd never have tried another Thai dish.  The pad see ew at Room Service was pretty good.  I literally cleaned my plate.  Yum. The pad thai... meh.  Maybe it's cause I think that pad thai is the boring entry-level thai dish that people get, but it never makes me yearn for more.  Given that, Room Service's pad thai was okay.  Better than most pad thai, perhaps. The coconut crusted calamari served with a chili sauce was delicious.  Crispy, spicy, sweet, it was excellent.  A lot better than the soggy breadcrumb and marinara sauce calamari at every Italian restaurant in town. The basil ginger mojito is wonderful!  It's got a major kick from the fresh ginger in the drink and it has a definite herbal character thanks to the generous portion of fresh basil crushed into the rum.  I'm a fan. I've had some various spring rolls or vegetable rolls here too.  Good, but forgetable.  I remember thinking that they were expensive for what I got, but spring rolls usually leave me thinking that at every restaurant. Ambiance has been described in other reviews.  It's very loud during peak times, it's crowded.  You'll feel like you're having dinner with whatever stranger is at the adjacent table.  The bathrooms are dark but seem to be clean and they're as tastefully decorated as the rest of the space.  This is a very cool, urban, trendy restaurant.   Service is adequate but rushed, and that's my major gripe about this place.  I had a very, very hard time getting my check on my first visit.  Also, you probably won't know who your server is, since various busboys bring out the dishes and drinks.  I had trouble remembering who was supposed to be helping us.  On my first visit, I had to get up, walk to the bar, request my check from the server who was picking up drinks from the bartender.  And then when I was ready to pay with my credit card (after a cursory glance to make sure my bill was correct), I got up from my table again, walked it over to him, and asked that he ring it up right there while I waited.  I had waited so long for my check that the adjacent table even commented on the long wait, and that's just unacceptable.  The servers were definitely working hard, so I chalk this up to them having an understaffed wait staff that night.  So minus 1 star.   Overall, great restaurant, great food, great atmosphere, but noisy and inconsistant service during peak times.  I will definitely be back.
