Peaches HotHouse has been on my radar for a few years now but it took me a while to finally check out. I grew up in Florida and Alabama and every now and then, I crave that full-fat comfort food I grew up on. My girlfriend and I met a friend in the neighborhood for dinner and we were excited to dig in. The restaurant itself is small (but it's Brooklyn!) and the interior is inviting/cozy. I'm a vegetarian but I went in prepared to order from the side item menu which has plenty of meat-free options. I saw that fried green tomatoes were served and that there were a variety of sandwiches and burgers on the menu. I asked the waiter if it would be possible to get a fried green tomato sandwich and he could just ring me up for a burger/chicken sandwich or whatever he wanted. He said he didn't think they could do that but I was a little disappointed that he didn't bother asking the chef -- I definitely miss a fried green tomato sandwich. Undeterred, I order the fried green tomatoes and the crispy-grits (my girlfriend also ordered a mac and cheese with her meal that we shared). I added a blueberry lemon-aid with bourbon to drink. My drink was tasty and refreshing for a summer evening but there seemed to be barely any alcohol in it (which was a theme with all of the cocktails we ordered). My girlfriend overheard the table next us being a little more brazen and had sent their drink back to have more alcohol added! Our food arrived and my meal looked amazing except for one thing.. my fried green tomatoes were red! I hoped they would still taste as good, and they were definitely comparable but the difference was noticeable. Red tomatoes are more watery, so the batter got soggy and wasn't exactly sticking. By the end of my meal I had a pile of tomato mush and breading. The breading did taste good and I can imagine it being a great dish with green tomatoes. Put those things on a sandwich and you've got a winner! The mac and cheese and crispy grits were nothing to complain about, but were also fairly straight-forward. The mac and cheese had a nice layer of baked cheese on top and the crispy grits were simple but tasty (and for three dollars, a great side item). Overall my meal was good but the details left a tad more to be desired. I have a feeling it was an off-night, especially based on the other reviews. I also acknowledge that I'm reviewing a meat-heavy restaurant from a vegetarian point of view so my experience is atypical. I am confident I will be back soon, and hopefully I can update with more stars and kind words.
