Where do I begin but at the beginning... I stumbled onto Taqueria Lower East Side when my lady suggested we hit up a bar in the LES.  We had just started dating and I frantically searched Yelp for a decent bar with decent bar food.  After reading the reviews up at the time, I suggested Taqueria LES. When we walked in, my heart sank when I realized that this was obviously a restaurant and not a traditional bar. It was right after work and the place was pretty empty.  My lady, being the classy sweet girl she is, smiled and sat down as we decided to stay and give it a try.  We've been hooked ever since. Food: Salsa and Chips are free for the table and we opted for the $7 guacamole.  We were not disappointed. The salsa is more like a puree, spicy and authentic. The guacamole was among the best I've had. Creamy, lots of lime (which I love), not too salty and topped with fresh cilantro and diced onions... I'm salivating now just thinking about it.  Best part, they give you a healthy serving - we almost never finish it whenever we visit. If you read my other reviews you will find that I tend to find one item on the menu and stick to it.  I have a long list of places which I go for pizza, tacos, burritos, burgers...etc.  At Taqueria LES, I have only had the steak tacos, I love them so much, that though I am tempted to try some of their other offerings, I cannot bring myself to order anything else.  Same goes for my lady...  That being said, these steak tacos are the best I've had.  They are served on two soft corn tortillas, which are topped with cilantro, diced onions, a dollop of a very spicy (and I mean spicy - I love spicy food but this is definitely hot)  but delicious salsa, a wedge of lime and of course, a slice of radish.   The steak is grilled, nicely flavored and is enhanced and not overpowered by the toppings. We always opt for a side of crema (do not dare ask for sour cream) and suggest to folks to spread that salsa or remove some of it if you are sensitive to spicy food. Spiciness will vary from night to night but its alway hot. The tacos are cheap and pretty filling, I always have two, occasionally 3 if I am super hungry.   Drinks: I have always HATED margaritas until I had a Taqueria LES margarita.  Its fresh, not too sweet, and made with pretty good tequila (one day I'll remember to ask which one they use).  I get mine with salt and relish in the tart, refreshing drink every single time.  I should mention its a nice size! They serve traditional Mexican beer and have a nice selection of tequila for folks to choose from, but at $8 bucks a glass, you will be hard pressed to beat the house margarita.   Misc: The wait staff is pretty laid back, which could be seen as inattentive but I have not had that experience. If you are a regular (like me), you will be greeted with a smile. They do get busy after 7pm and often times there is a wait but nothing ridiculous.  They have rules and they stick by em, which I appreciate but others may find peculiar - its a southern california style place, though I often wonder why they choose to include LES in the name. Overall:   This place is worth a visit. Its become a favorite of mine and I'm sure of yours.
