An impromptu trip to Williamsburg led me to Brooklyn Star. I'll admit I didn't have high hopes for anything incredibly creative at first glance. The sign outside was like a million I'd seen and gave no clue as to what quality or type of food might be inside. I assumed American, which was correct, but boy was I wrong about the level of innovation. It was Sunday and drinks were totally necessary. I decided to go with something slightly less adventurous that I knew I'd love-- the Spicy Margarita with serrano-infused agave, lime and grapefruit juice. The chili infusion was perfectly spicy, and the combination of lime and grapefruit juice was refreshing, but perhaps a little too sweet when married with the agave nectar. I could, however, be biased as I do tend to order my drinks without sugar which makes them overly sour. You be the judge. We started with two appetizers: the Fried Pig Tails and Hush Puppies and the Terrine. I didn't actually think I'd be eating the tail of a pig; instead, I thought it was just a cutesie name for some miniature portion of meat made to mimic that of a pig tail. No, they were in fact two inch pieces of tender meat falling from a vertebral bone-- like tiny osso bucco-- covered in a thick BBQ sauce of some sort. I fell in love. The hush puppies looked burnt, but after gobbling one I knew they were cooked just right. I fell even harder. Other hush puppies I've had went overkill on the cornmeal and flour, resulting in a chewier and much denser version than this one. Until that moment, I'd never been a straight meat and potatoes kind of girl, but together and for once, the classic American meat and potato combo made perfect sense to me. The Terrine was well-executed: a good portion size, properly made, well seasoned and beautifully served with the appropriate additions of fruit compote and sprinkling of Fleur de Sel. I always appreciate a light crunch between my teeth and burst of saltiness when eating something with a monotonously mushy texture. The unforeseen star of the meal was indeed the Hot Meatloaf Sandwich on Pullman Bread simply because I've had very few memorable meatloafs and sandwiches-- let alone meatloaf sandwiches-- in my life. I figured this would be no different. It was a mountain of a sandwich-- thick slices of incredibly soft, chewy white bread (like Wonderbread on steroids), bear-hugging a hearty slab of meat, all held together by a glue of mashed potatoes. Immediately, I began to reconsider my usual boycott on bread. And, mashed potatoes as a condiment? My mind was blown. Just, why was there lettuce on this sandwich? A vegetable like that has no business on a sandwich like this. I cared very little about texture and moreso about how I was going to finish every last bit of my half, if my date was going to finish hers, and if not, how I might politely eat hers also. Service was good and prices appropriate for the quality of food and portion size. Highly recommended. Try it, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
