Guys, Yelp won't let me post my whole review of Southwark. Check out the whole thing here: romancingthestrawberry.c… Here is the beginning: Here I am at 9am writing a review on vacation - know anything about me and you'll realize my whole life is a vacation, but we'll talk about that later or maybe you should ask me least the government finds out what I'm up to via yelp. In any case, yes I'm still drunk from last night and everything, including me standing on a chair screaming "If they tell me what to do with my vagina, what's to stop them from telling me what to do with my hands!?" ALL started at Southwark over a Vesper and a bottle of Malbec - Yes, I know that the bitter cold is usually the driving force behind alcoholism in places like Philadelphia, but being out here from SF I was excited and wanted to get a head start. Ok I'm totally craving some coca cola now, this is going to be bad. You might want to know the details of how I got into this mess. My parents and I were at a musical performance at the art alliance featuring my mother's viola instructor and a few members from the Philadelphia orchestra. We watched the show in a little room with fine would floors. It had an old feel, so much so that I was squinting a bit to see if Jane Austen might be hanging around somewhere - ok this is not true, but it would have been really cool if I had seen her. Throughout the whole thing my stomach was making almost as much noise as the instruments and this, you can imagine, was making me rather anxious. I had planned my diet around when my mother would be coming home with a big bag of fresh Philadelphia pretzels, and alas she had forgotten. When we arrived at Southwark ON TIME for our reservation (my life was based upon the fact that that would not happen at that point) the waiter told my parents he thought it was his top priority to get me a drink post haste. I guess accidentally interrupting him and not realizing why was a great indicator that I was about to venture into the psychotic component of neurotic. Fortunately a vesper arrived. Then came a basket of fluffy garlicy bread. I was worried that there was no table salt, but fortunately this is Philadelphia and you don't have to salt your food. We ordered the Oysters, the Steamed Clams ($9), the Roasted Potatoes ($5), the Halibut special (?), Beef ($29), and Sea Scallops ($27). The oysters were puny but pretty good. The second one I got was way more memorable than the first, but nothing can compare to the little babe I consumed at Absinthe months ago (he is still fresh in my memory with his fatty cheeks). The Roasted Potatoes were bomb, served with a roasted garlic aoli which was also similar to a honey mustard dipped. They were well spiced, and didn't require any more salting. Texturally they could have been a little softer, but they were well spiced that's for sure. Likewise the scrumptious clam dish was blasting with flavor - containing dry vermouth, shallots, tomatoes, in a dry chili butter broth - but I felt the chef missed out on the cooking times. This mystified me throughout the meal. Why instruct us on the art of unique flavor combinations and forget the impact of making your food tender? This didn't seem to bother anyone else at the table. My mother requested more bread to soak up the chili butter sauce and I could help but follow. The taste of the roasted tomatoes, so cooked that they seemed frail, coupled with the slivery onions was orgasmic and could easily make me forget that the clams themselves were a little lacking in their 'mouth feel'. We waited a good amount of time before our entrees came, diving into that Malbec I mentioned at the last minute. I was upset that it cost over $20, but was only from 2007 but at that point I guess it wasn't such a pressing matter. At some point my mom got the impression that the people across from us were Republicans and we made a huge Obama toast, which actually resulted in us being saluted by the other table. Then my mom informed them that we were going to dress me up to Sarah Palin and go canvassing for Obama. I can say "I can see Alaska from my house" with stunning accuracy if I do say so myself. Hello Scallops. The pan seared scallops were elaborately laced with roasted baby beets, plums, and leeks. I'm actually not a fan of beets so the flavor was a bit too earthy for me at first, but after taking a few bites the sweetness of the plums added a new complexity and the sudden saltiness of the leeks turned out to be pure heaven - it was so thinly cut that I thought it was spaghetti squash!  The Beef was grilled grass fed sirloin steak with wild mushrooms, gigantic beans, dosed in a far superior arugala pesto than anything I've ever made - opps, do please go after that recipe! The meat, similar to my other complaint, was not tender but don't think this meant it was not flavorful. Put that in my mouth while I was sleeping and you'd wake me up! The meat itself was oozing with flavor
