This is my first review with no picture. I will explain later. I was in Phili and was told my multiple people to have a phili cheese steak. I'm from NY so i took the locals advice. I remembered seeing something on TV about Pat's and Geno's being across the street from each other and it is TRUE. you can be at Pat's and be looking at Geno's. The biggest difference between Pat's and Geno's. pat uses a Melted cheese wiz with chopped up meat and Geno's uses slices of cheese and does not chop there meat. I was told by a bunch of different people Pat's was better but they said it is personal prefrence. I went with pats! Parking was a B****. I had to park 6 blocks away in a grocery store parking lot. Due to all one way narrow streets. I'm not street parking my Vehicle in a area im unfamiliar with the crime situation it is too attractive to a criminal. being a non- Local im not taking a chance. It looked like a lot of people were walking to this location. I went at lunch time on a saturday, which was a huge mistake. The line was about 1.5- 2 blocks long i'm not joking ether.The history of this place was cool there was a bunch of pictures of all of the famous people who have eaten at Pat's. I noticed a lot of people standing and eating. There was red picnic tables but everyone was filled. It smelled so good waiting on the line. Once i got to the window there is a ordering routine at this place. i skrewed it up. I just wanted meat and cheese and i said cheese wit. i asked itf that was was just meat and cheese and the guy was like GET IT RIGHT! and then yelled to the rest of the line MAKE SURE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GETTING BEFORE THE WINDOW. I handed him my debit card and he said read the sign cash only. This is a CASH ONLY! business  smart by pat's for tax purp and swipe fees. I handed the guy a $100 bill said they cant take the $100. he starts taking other peoples cash that ordered already. I wanted to leave The turn over rate for this place was amazing. i gave him a $50 and he took it. I said i'm sorry i'm from NY you guys do it different around here. He said You should be able to read signs. I got super pissed i told him to keep the change i only ordered 2 cheese steaks. The signs he was talking about were right above the cash register. the line wrapped around the building. I coulden't see the menu until i was at the window.  I just felt annoyed. It was cool that i could see the staff making my food. I ran into some people i knew eating there sandwiches. They told me there cheese steaks were good. I brought mine back to my Hotel and ate it there. The cheese steak was really good. everything was moist and juicy. If i went back to ether Pat's or Geno's again. I would send someone else to get my food for me and pay them $50 just so i woulden't have to deal with the crazyness again. I dont know if it led up to all of the Hype. PROS: - Food was Really Good - The history -Watch them make your food CONS - Location - Parking sucks -Ordering system (If you are a non- Local) - Cash only (do not take cards)
