A friend recommended that I hit this place up during my recent trip to NYC. It was so amazing, we went back a second time despite his numerous and varied recommendations. Now, I might get lynched for saying this, but I thought the steamed pork and crab buns were ALRIGHT. The second time I went back I did not order them, and the waiter looked absolutely insulted. I took a look around and EVERYONE had them on their table. He kept asking if I was sure I didn't want to order them. I said bring me my god damn shrimp noodle soup!! My two visits to this restaurant consisted of the following items: - Shrimp noodle soup - Shanghai Fried Flat Noodles (my favorite!!!) - Shrimp and Chicken in plum sauce - Diced Chicken and Cucumber with Diced Pepper - Crab Meat with Pork Meat Steamed Buns - Sesame Beef Everything I had was absolutely amazing with the exception of the Chicken and Cucumber w/ diced pepper, which I would not recommend. I love chicken and cucumber, and at the time it seemed like a good combination but in the end, it really wasn't. And again, I thought the steamed buns were ok but you might not risk upsetting your waiter so you might want to order them. During both of my visits, I was there with a couple of other people, but not enough to have a table of our own. It was a little strange at first, but thats what makes the restaurant kind of fun. Did we feel rushed? Not on our first visit. But during our 2nd visit, I know we showed up about a half hour before they closed, but it was just plain ridiculous how fast they wanted us to scarf down our food. First off, our waiter got super annoyed because we couldn't decide what to get. Is it my fault you have such a large menu?? NO. And obviously on my 2nd visit, I wanted to try something different. Our food came out quickly, and they wanted us to finish it just as quick even though the food was piping hot! We hadn't finished our food when they started taking our plates away. So for that, minus one star. Will I go back next time I am in NYC?? Definitely. The food is totally worth it.
