Strolling up Avenue C near 8th St, there's an inviting green-painted wooden deck on the right, jutting out into the sidewalk. The deck leads right in to what looks like a Serbian family's well-loved mountain home: a cozy, wood and brick room with yellowing black and white photos on the walls and old bottles, signs and trinkets placed here and there. Antique wooden benches with colorful cushions invite you to sit along the walls, and small wooden tables and chairs fill the center of the small space. The warm welcome of the staff only adds to the impression that you've been invited over for dinner. And in fact, many of the people around us probably were invited for dinner, rather than curious diners--more than half spoke Serbian with the staff and seemed to be friends of the management. That's ok, of course, because Kafana opened just last week, so such a convivial atmosphere on a Sunday night was more than welcome. Kafana, which means simply "neighborhood restaurant", is the first Serbian joint in town, according to the owner (see New York mag). It opens just as the summer begins to heat up, and it's appropriate because most of the fare on the menu is grilled--perfect for a summer dinner. We got the Mesano Meso, mixed grill, which features all the items on their grilled menu in a portion for two. At only $30, it's not bad--and the variety is fantastic! The mixed plate has several highlights. The most unusual and surprisingly lovely things were the Rolovane Suve Sljive: sweet, creamy prunes stuffed with walnuts and wrapped in bacon. Thrown on the grill, they're heavenly. I'm not much of a liver fan, but the Rolovana Dzigerica, chicken livers delicately wrapped in bacon and grilled, are a special treat too. That doesn't mean Kafana doesn't pull off the classics well--the Krmenadla, a thick pork chop on the bone, was cooked just right, juicy but firm, with pockets of savory fat in all the right places, and the Cevapi, little sausage-like treats of minced beef, pork and lamb, were just as succulent. The vegetable sides are limited but ample. Potatoes, roasted or mashed, and grilled vegetables. We didn't get any of these but the grilled vegetables looked great. Instead, we got the cabbage salad, a refreshing foil to the grilled meats--the salad is dressed with vinegar and fine powdered black pepper, so it's got a nice astringent crisp to it. The baked meats and stews sounded good but not enough to win out over the mixed grill...next time. I can't forget to mention the creamy roasted red pepper sauce they bring out with the crusty bread to start. It's amazing. You'll probably be fighting with your date over who gets to finish the sauce, it's that good. To finish, we got a slice of the sour cherry pie. Here, I think they're still working out the kinks. The filling was great but the outside seemed like phyllo pastry that hadn't had enough time in the oven. It was slightly tough, like paper, rather than crispy. The waitress did explain, however, that their chef was still experimenting with it. Willing to give this one another chance. Other than the experimental pie, my only other complaint is the music, which didn't really seem to fit the place. Loud, Red Hot Chili Peppers type stuff, played at a level better suited to a bar than a relaxing, homey restaurant. But this too I'm willing to forgive, because the music is the last thing to complete an experience at a restaurant. Usually, if it fits, you don't notice it. They've already nailed the important part--the food. And according to the guy with a vest (who I think is the owner), they'll have alcohol by next week. That's good, because nothing would go better with all these grilled delights than a nice bottle of wine. Dinner for two, with the mixed grill platter, salad to split and a slice of pie, came to $55 (tax & tip included). Could this make the Times' "$25 and Under" list? Maybe.
