This place could get 5 stars for the chicken biscuit alone! The unassuming storefront of Cheeky Sandwiches is pretty easy to miss and anything but cheeky. Once inside my girlfriend and I were greeted by the chef and some jacked Spanish dude at the register. Think James Vega from Mass Effect 3 for my gamers out there. There isn't much space, a single table by the window and a standing bar to eat along the adjacent wall. I'm not sure what to make of the decor, I think it's kind of cool and a little divey. From what I understand the owner is originally from Louisiana and I can see some of that reflected in the decor. We ordered two chicken biscuits each and we wanted to split an Oyster Po'Boy. They were out of Strawberry Soda so we opted for the Ginger Soda instead. After about 10 minutes we got our food and... Man let me tell you about the Chicken Biscuit: Perfectly seasoned and freshly fried chicken- juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside. Rich southern gravy. Fresh, crisp, zesty slaw. All sandwiched between a freshly baked warm biscuit? Yes please. Why didn't I get two? This thing is amazing. The slaw is so amazing because it's the perfect contrast to an otherwise extremely rich sandwich. My only complaint is that the sandwich sort of deconstructs midway through. The biscuit gets a little soggy, some pieces of chicken fall out, and some of the slaw slides out. I would love to come here on the crowded days just to see other people picking at the fallen scraps of their sandwich. I was completely shameless eating this bad boy. (In hindsight I should have asked for a fork.) 5 stars all day for the Chicken Biscuit. If you're appetite is anything like mine, the sandwiches will seem pretty small. 1 will satisfy, but not fill you up. Luckily we had that Oyster Po'Boy to split. My girlfriend was full from her biscuit so the Po'Boy was all mine. For anyone wondering why Oyster, it's simply because I'm allergic to shrimp. I have no doubt that the shrimp (or even the half oyster/half shrimp) is the superior option for Po'Boy. It was a solid sandwich, the bread was a little tough, but the fried oysters tasted great! Pickles, lettuce, and mayo gave it character, but that hot sauce gave it soul! I usually eat my oysters raw, but I can totally get behind some more fried oysters one day- especially if it's anything like Cheeky Sandwiches. A quick note on service, these guys are really down to earth. Halfway into my Oyster Po'Boy the chef started chatting with me about it. He mentioned it's one of the least ordered items and he wanted some feedback from me. Also, on our way out the jacked dude hands us two piping hot fresh beignets. SCORE! I've never had beignets but they're sort of like the zeppolis and the funnel cakes of the world. I liked them a lot. I recommend this place to anyone in the area to check out. Actually, even if you're not in the area, come try it at least once. I know I'll be back soon.
