Stopped in after a dance class at Alvin Ailey just a short walk away around 8:45 PM on Wednesday.   After surveying the cramped scene, speaking to a girl who'd been waiting, and trusty Yelp reviews, I quickly decided on takeout.  There appeared to be two servers and one person at the counter taking delivery/takeout orders.  No customers were waiting in front of me but it took a good few minutes before someone even acknowledged me.  They were definitely busy. I placed my order of Guacamole (with plaintain chips), Spicy Chicken, Brasil, and Figs, Caramel, & Cheese empanadas.  I then waited rather awkwardly near the register, attempting to stay out of the way (which was impossible), before taking a seat at the side counter.  I found myself wondering what the hell I would've done if all of the side counter seats had been taken. After about 10-15 minutes, I finally got my food and headed to the subway.  I didn't even wait to be seated on the train before munching on the plantain chips and holding open the guacamole for dipping, all while hanging on to my gym bag and coat.  This wasn't no easy, snackwrap, crunchwrap to go thing.  That took skiiiillzzz.  Needless to say, the guacamole and plaintain chips were on point.  (I even let my roomie try some when I got home.  She loved them and she's Mexican f'real-f'real.) I then successfully transferred to another train after one stop, all while stuffing my face.  Of course when I was finally seated on the train I would be on for the long haul, I wasted no time in throwing down.  I am usually a pretty neat eater but eating in transit proves challenging, especially when it involves many different dipping sauces.  And you best believe I was not gonna skimp on those. I ravaged the empanadas one by one, completely aware of how greedy and obnoxious I looked for having a full-blown meal right then and there.  I had a decent alibi going with the whole I-just-worked-out-and-am-famished look.  But I knew the truth. Had I just gotten done working out?  Yes. Was I famished?  No. Was I just a disgusting pig that loves food way too much?  Hell yeah! Did I care that the lady across from me was giving me a dirty look the entire time?  No.  My hatin ass would be jealous too. (Am I one of those people who asks a question and then answers it myself?  Obviously.) I started with the Spicy Chicken.  Now this was some perfectly tender and juicy chicken!  I really was not expecting it to be that good.  It can definitely stand without any of the sauces.  I then moved on to the Brasil.  I think this was good too, though I have to admit the kick from the Spicy Chicken had overpowererd my taste buds by that point.  Should've reversed the order on that one.  Those were some bomb ass sauces, though.  Both the green and red ones. Finally, I got down to the dessert empanada.  It was this incredible combination of delicious, creamy caramel that brought back a nostalgia that I couldn't quite put my finger on... salty, chewy cheese... and a rarity and regalness of eating a sweet fig... all rolled into one. Empanada Mama really took me by surprise as to how good it was.  The only downside is the service/space.  $2.50 is a little more than I would usually pay for an empanada but these were worth it.  I wonder how the arepas compare to Caracas Arepa Bar (another NYC favorite of mine).  I'm sure it'll take me long enough to sample a good number of the empanadas, though, let alone the rest of the menu.  This is now a definite must-stop spot on my way to/from dance class or any time I'm in the area.
