I did my research. I read the first two pages of reviews at Yelp. I felt I knew enough to at least act as if I knew what to do once I entered the haven of gustatory excellence. I prepped by not eating or drinking all day so as to have my innards as empty as possible by the time I arrived. I chose a day with gorgeous weather (good for standing outside if necessary) that was a weeknight, the better to possibly avoid the crowds. 4:31 p.m.: The downtown Q train departs 57th Street. 5:15 p.m.: The Q train pulls into the Avenue J station, and I get off. I descend to the street. Shockingly, there is no one anywhere near the pizzeria. I walk up and can see people inside, behind the locked front door, the woman who is presumably Dom DeMarco's daughter sweeping the floor. I am first in line! I have a novel with me and the Daily News, and I am already reading the News, so I lean up against the doorway, content to watch the parade of locals stream by in the sunshine, a breeze rippling up and down the street. But aside from a couple and two young guys who show up about 15 minutes before 6, the huge crowd I have been anticipating never materializes. While waiting, I eye the menu board and decide what I want. I also scope out the refrigerator and the table selection, spying the small circular table I want and fully ready to pounce on it if necessary once the doors open. 6 p.m. comes and goes, and there is no sign of any effort being made to unlock the doors. The couple behind me is a little antsy, she noting aloud that it is 6 p.m. and craning her neck to see inside. I know, from reading the reviews at Yelp, that the doors open whenever the family feels like opening them. I have nowhere to be. I am content. At 6:10, Dom DeMarco's daughter comes to the doors and unlocks them and spreads them open. She then walks behind the counter and stands poised with a pen over a looseleaf tablet, ready to take my order. I order a regular pie with green olives and artichokes. Dom is there, of course, and he sets about the process of making the dough, grating the cheese, spreading the sauce, and distributing the olives and artichokes on the pizza. Meanwhile, I put my bag on the chair that was at the small circular table. I am pleased to see there are more than just the three tables that previous Yelpers had reported seeing. Not that the seating capacity is much greater than I had thought; there is probably seating for 10 to 15 people, probably closer to 15. I grab a couple of 8-ounce Diet Cokes and a 12-ounce can of seltzer from the fridge, and Dom's daughter tells me I will pay for the drinks when I get the pizza. I go back and get a Diet Pepsi for good measure. (Tab: $38.) I look for a bottle opener for the Diet Cokes, thinking it might be hanging off the side of the cooler. Then I spot a bottle opener sitting atop the napkin dispenser on the main counter. I take the bottles over and relieve them of their caps. Ten minutes later, Dom's daughter says loudly, "OK, Peter?" It is 6:20. She had put an empty tray on the counter, and, like clockwork, Dom had brought the pie out of the oven and set it, still bubbling, atop the tray. The master looks at me, smiles in a kindly grandfatherly way, and asks, "Is this your pie?" I say yes, and he nods and pours some more olive oil atop it, sprinkles some more grated cheese around the pie, and snip-snip-snips some basil all around the pie. Basil flies everywhere. Then he cuts the pie into triangles; I think there were eight altogether. I sprinkle crushed red peppers over the pie and add liberal doses of oregano. And now the moment of truth has arrived. I bring the pie over to the table, which is just large enough to accommodate the tray with a few inches to spare, most of that taken up by the array of drinks I had waiting. I put the newspaper basically under the tray so I could read it. The slices are better suited for eating with a knife and fork. In fact, I wish I had one of each and think about asking Dom's daughter, but I don't want to appear a rube, so I pick up the wayward huge green olive-as big as a Yankee's World Series ring--or artichoke and place it atop a slice of gooey goodness. Then, I spy a fellow diner using plastic utensils and ask him if they were out somewhere or if I have to ask at the counter. He says, "They're up there, to the left." Sure enough, in trays I had not seen at the far left of the counter are little labeled drawers containing plastic forks and knives. The pizza is, as some Yelpers have noted, unevenly burnt, but I don't care. Each piece is a delightful fiesta of flavor to be savored in the mouth, each crust a wonder of puffy, chewy excellence. I blitz through five slices, two thirds of the pie. Three slices remain. Alas, I have eaten and drunk as much as I can. I return the tray with the uneaten slices to Dom's daughter and thank her, and I leave. It is 7:30. I walk away, sated. I experienced Di Fara, and lo, it was transcendent.
