I usually don't care much for writing reviews but the service I had here was deeply lacking and astounding that it left a bad taste in my mouth. I would've given them zero stars if I could. I had made reservations for a party of 7 for 7:00 and was told in advance that our reservations will be void if we arrive 10 mins late. 6 out of the 7 people had arrived on the dot and we were given notice to wait by the bar as they were "getting  a table ready for us". After standing by the bar for a while, we felt forgotten as they were busy seating other smaller groups and just passing by us without giving us notice of what was going on. What turned out to be a "few minutes" turned out to be an hr long wait for a table. Seriously, what is the point of making a reservation at a certain time if you are not able to honor it. With the group feeling frustrated with the lack of service, we begrudgingly went to our table. I do admit that some of the dishes here were pretty good especially the chicken and steak. I originally had them hold a nice cute 8" cake in the shape of a cappuccino cup that I had bought from a Korean bakery to celebrate the birthday of two very good friends. The cake was brought out and pictures was taken and it was all merry, but it only went downhill from here. The server asked if we would like to cut it ourselves or they could cut it into 7 slices. We opted for the latter and they took the cake in to be cut. What came out was not 7 slices of cake but a thin sliver 1/4 thick 7 slices of the cake. Unhappy with the turn of events, we ate the delicious cake while expecting to receive the rest if our cake later. When we asked for the cake before we left the server said "I don't know if it's still there". Uhhhh what do you mean by "still there". It can't just up and run away cause cakes are edible objects and they don't do that else everyone will be chasing after cakes. So we waited and he brought out a box with the cake in it, but it felt light which was odd because you know, if only a tiny part of the cake was brought out it shouldn't feel that light. So I looked inside and only less than 1/4 of the entire cake was left!!! Where was the rest of the cake!? So I confronted him about it and he kept telling me he doesn't know. How can he not know when the cake was in the kitchen the whole time and there was no reason for so much of it to disappear when only a few slivers of it was brought out. But he only kept telling me he doesn't know. How can he not know when he keeps going in and out of the kitchen to serve food to others!?? You're practically seeing what is happening inside!! I bought the cake for my dear friends and I wanted them to take the rest home and enjoy it as it was a good cake from a good bakery. I did not expect this to happen at all and I am deeply sadden as this was a huge blow from the servers at this restaurant because it happened on a birthday celebration of two people. I am pretty frustrated since we left them a good tip before asking for the cake as we left. How can service be this awful? And it's humiliating to know what happened to the cake that you bought sincerely for your friends was returned in such a state that looked like it was hacked in several angles.   I am only writing this to warn future customers who go here to celebrate birthdays or anything to cut the cake YOURSELF. I am seriously appalled by this and it's not even about the cake or the money but the fact of human MORALS. This place has disappointed me and I will never be back here after this awful experience.
