I have lived in LES for 8 months now, and it has become my morning routine watching the line form as the restaurant prepares to open its doors. I, personally, have experienced the wait and dining experience twice now. I have to say, I am torn with this place, because of its obvious popularity. To start, with all of the fabulous restaurants in Manhattan, I would never wait in the line again after my most recent visit, mainly because I guess it's more of a "been there done that" kind of idea. I have to say, because my party of 4 got their at 8:30 on a Saturday morning (restaurant opens at 9), we were guaranteed a seat upon opening. No complaints! Upon being seated, the hostess was basically slowly filtering people in until all the tables in the restaurant were sat. While looking at the menu, not only did we wait about 10 minutues to be greeted, but I noticed our server greet a table that had been sat after us. Again, not necessarily complaining, but making a stated observation and for a restaurant that is so highly rated, I would expect not only the food to be top-knotch, but the hospitality as well. The menu, when it comes to choosing a restaurant's specialty or more popular items, is vastly scaled, I think. My first time there, I ordered something sweet, which seems to be the majority, between blueberry pancakes and maple waffles. It was great. The second time I went to the restaurant, I wanted to order a special (remember I was seated upon opening), only to find out from our server that they were out of it. Again, just a small detail that makes the dining experience change. I ended up ordering the omelette with pepper jack and spinach. Unfortunately, I have to say that the spinach was the worst thing I have ever tasted. It tasted like canned, unrinsed spinach, and I'm pretty sure the egg was liquid egg (not real). It was very dissapointing, and I did not finish it. On a more positive note they serve a rasberry jam that is TO DIE FOR. Amazing, good quality, and made the meal worth it, along with the coffee. Overall, I think if you like and stick with pancakes, waffles, or the buttermilk bisquit sandwich (i.e., BAKING COMPANY), you will have a pretty darn good meal, with the service being adequate (neither awesome, or horrible).
