I love Fort Greene with its many tempting and eclectic food choices. So, it's a real tribute to Olea that I find myself dining there most often when I am in the area. Who am I kidding? Sometimes, I am in the area specifically to dine at Olea because I am craving their sangria-marinated hanger steak and patatas bravas. The hanger steak is the best steak I have ever had, accompanied perfectly by sauteed red onions and a creamy garlic dipping sauce. Their patatas bravas come the closest to emulating the ones I ate every day when I was in Barcelona as compared to any others I have tried in NYC. It is also a fairly generous-sized portion for tapas. I have sampled other dishes on the menu as well-spanish pitza, harissa deviled eggs, trio of dips, lamb meatballs, along with some of their specials-which have all been solid to great, but nothing compares to the hanger steak and patatas. Sometimes, my friends and I will just order multiple orders and eat them like entrees. The drink selection is also good. Both their red and white sangrias are pleasurable to imbibe. They have a nice wine list, although a little pricey, and the servers usually make good recommendations if you ask. They used to have a red wine that I really loved, but it was no longer on the list the last time I was there, so we ordered a  bottle of rose at the waiter's suggestion that did not disappoint. Between food and drinks, you will end up with a pretty sizable bill at the end of the night, so consider yourself warned. This is not the place to come on a tight budget. The restaurant is quite small, so be prepared to wait for a table. I have not had the opportunity to eat outside because it has always either been sweltering hot or polar vortex when I have been there, but the sidewalk tables accommodate a few more parties. The service is usually very pleasant, but I once had such a terrible experience with a rude and inattentive waitress that my friend and I cut our dinner short. I ended up writing the manager, who was very apologetic and offered a free round of drinks upon our next visit. I didn't take him up on the free drinks, but I appreciated the customer service, which kept me coming back. Thank goodness, since I really would have missed that steak!
