I was looking forward to going here based on some friends' previous experiences. Unfortunately it was a huge disappointment. Hawthornes doesn't quite know what it wants to be.  It feels like the No Libs Foodery with an expanded dining area if it were in a new construction South Jersey strip mall.  It has zero character, with walls sparsely adorned with mismatched "art" that likely came from Marshall's. The front window panels that open up to the street and outdoor seating are nice touches, however. The beer selection is pretty expansive, but the prices on imports, particularly Belgians, is OUTRAGEOUS. Almost comically/insultingly so, depending on how you look at it. The domestic microbrews are reasonably priced for the most part.  The bottled beers are self-serve, and you have to stop by the register to "check them" before going back to your table. The food was a total joke. One friend had a tiny piece of fried cod over a bed of overly-salted caramelized cabbage. Another had a burger, which was tiny, especially considering it was $12. I had the open-faced falafel which came with 3 (3!) tiny falafel balls on a bed of onions, lettuce, cucumber and tomato, over a hummus that was so overly-salted it bordered on unpalatable, and a warm pita. I opted out of the feta.  A complete rip-off at $12.   The fries were soggy and limp  with grease. I barely wanted to touch them let alone put them in my mouth. The only thing decent were another friend's wings. Each member of my party had been to Hawthornes a few times before and all agreed it had gone downhill. When I'm out, I generally look for an experience I can't recreate for myself at home, which is why I rarely buy bottle beer at a bar (unless it's really good or hard to find) but instead look for places with stellar draught lists.  I can get a bottle of beer at home.  I can also make much better food than this. The only positive I can give is that our waitress (for what little service there was)  was really nice. To sum it all up, I'd never go back.
