I was walking the neighborhood looking for a place to dine early and stumbled upon this gem!  Just looking inside at the brick and candle light everwhere (I am a sucker for  candles) I popped in.  Being a female in town on business, I don't always feel comfortable or welcomed sitting by myself, but this place was warm and engaging from the beginning.  Although the restaurant was not packed at 5:45, the warm monitone buzz of conversaton was filling the room with the sounds of a slower verse of "pumped up kicks" in the background...(loved the musik choice--cool and hip but casual just like the room).  Whenever a place puts that much emphasis on the senses--sight, sounds, smells--you owe it to your self to explore the tastes!   I started with a roasted pumpkin mimosa with a cinnimon rim that was a reminder of Thanksgiving last week!  Perfect starter to a fantastic meal.  Next moved onto the Kampachi Tartare with Avocado.  You start by placing the Sechuan Button on your tongue for a tingling sensation (give me a bag of these things!)  then move onto the "perfect bite" the chef has prepared on a spoon.  I LOVED this dish and could eat a trough of it next time!  The buttery honeymustard-soy glaze was the perfect compliment to the tartare.  Could not get enough! Feeling like I wanted some comfort food to complement the cold, windy night I chose the  Hampshire Pork Chop with port Belly, Sunchokes, Whisky Onions, Chanterelles.  Delish!  I could swear there was also some roasted pear on the plate as well but whatever it was, a perfect compliment!  The pork was a little chewy at times but flavors matched perfectly and sweetness of the onions made many "perfect bites!"  Not sure I would order this again since there were so many phenomenal options, however, it was perfect for the chilly evening and ambiance. Typically I stop there because on the norm after a wonderful meal, desert never lives up to the closing finale. I am very picky, okay??!  However, I got a whif of the breadpudding from another table and had to explore the choices.  I was torn between the Banana "Pecan Pie"  Bread Puddin', or the Pumpkin Pie Souffle with Ginger Snap Cookies.  I dove into the pudding!  My advice, eat it quickly when it is hot.  A bit messy, but once it starts to cool, turns into a chewy bowl of breadbits. However as yummy as this was, no reason to let it sit around and get cold anyway.  Wiould venture into the souffle next time after the server brought out a gingersnap that complements that disht!  It was devine as well.  Ended with a very hot pot of mint tea before leaving the coziness of the candelight. Service was fantastic!  I am in the luxury service industry and have had many an expertly prepared meal ruined by sloppy, slow service, however, the "TEAM" did a wonderful job and did not make me feel I needed to rush out the door.  Timing was everything--a minute more in the window and the pork chop and dessert could have been a disaster!  Great job to both front and back of the house!   Overall a wonderful night and would certainly recommend to locals and visitors alike.  I will be back if in the area and hopefully with a group!
