We took some business colleagues from New Orleans to Locanda Verde (LV) to show them a little bit of Tribecca, an area where not many out-of-towners staying in midtown would go on their own for dinner.  We have been to some great places both here and in New Orleans and were looking forward to yet another fun evening of delicious food and laughs. There is little doubt that LV has great food.  Our shared appetizers of crostini with ricotta, beet salad and salumi misti were absolutely delicious.   My lamb chops were expertly cooked and delicately seasoned, and my dessert (some sort of chocolate pudding with mint ice cream) was a perfect ending.  I heard similar comments from others about their entrees and desserts.   Normally, this would provide for a glowing review, right? Unfortunately, our dining experience at LV was a textbook case of other things overcoming the food.   First was our seats.  I had reserved a table for 4, but changed to a 5 about a week before the dinner.  The host told me it would not be a problem, so long as we agreed to an earlier time, which we did.  I don't mind coziness, but our table could barely have sat 3 adults, much less 5.  We had 3 relatively thin men and two thin women at the table, and it was like being in a clown car.   I would rather be told that we cannot be accommodated and go to another restaurant than sit with my knees squished together pushed awkwardly away form the table for an entire meal so as not to be constantly touching my business colleagues.  I like these folks....but not that much! (and they feel the same way about me, I'm sure).  I felt awful for the two women who got stuck on the bench seat, could barely move and were constantly banging their knees on the oddly-supported table below and feeling it every time someone moved at another table which shared the bench seat.   Second, we tried to place an order for crostini and antipasto while we decided on our mains.  We were told that we could not do that, and that the entire order had to go in at the same time.  What?  We all commented that we had never experienced this at a good NY restaurant that did not have a tasting menu or a prix fixe which might require that.  Clearly, the management has decided that this is the way to turn tables.  This does not send a good message to diners. Finally, when it came time to pay the bill, the waitress was so eager to get us moving that she pratically grabbed the credit card from the payer's wallet.   We were seated for dinner at 6:00 and it was now 8:00...it's not as if we hung out (who would have wanted to hang out at that uncomfortable table anyhow?)  Not a good last impression. I started my review with 5 stars in the box following the food paragraph.  I've taken off two stars for the seating and one for the service/turnover issues.   Probably harsh, but there are many choices in NY.   How do you say clown car in Italian?
