As usual I had expected a great time here...our waiter was attentive and friendly, and the food was overall very good. We got the naked seafood paella, which had a delicious tomato broth, as well as the mango chicken. Both made decent, comfortably filling portions for sharing too--something to consider if you want to taste a little bit of everything at the table. The atmosphere is fun and it is great to sit outside when it's a nice night in Montclair. I highly recommend BYOB for either the sangria or the mojitos to top off a fun night. One thing to note is that it gets pretty busy on Friday and Saturday nights. It's definitely easier to get a table for a smaller 2-4 person group vs a bigger one. The restaurant is also poorly laid out--you're expected to wait on the tight stairwell with everyone because the host stand is inconveniently placed at the bottom of it and there's no other place to comfortably wait. Minus a star for me. A major issue with my recent visit to Cuban Pete's was that my date and I were placed at a 4-person table (which was basically two wobbly tables put together) close to the entrance from Bloomfield Ave. While it was fine at first, it became a problem at the end of the night when one of the hostesses walked right into the table we had our alcohol on as she rushed about because it was so busy. As a result, the alcohol spilt all into my purse when it knocked over. She failed to realize the extent of what had happened so she simply gave us a handful of napkins and walked away, which indicated to me that she was insincere about her apology. This behavior of the hostess unusually contrasts with the great waiters I've had in the past and I am sorely disappointed that I now have to spend an additional two times the amount that I did on the meal to have my bag cleaned. I'll have to closely consider where I sit if I come back to Cuban Pete's and hope that the hostesses will have worked on their attitudes a bit next time around because I do genuinely enjoy coming back to this restaurant every now and again.
