SECOND LOCATION NOW OPEN - in Bridgeport, CT on Main St. I happened upon this restaurant on Main St. in Bridgeport purely by chance while driving by.  They aren't even showing up in Google, Yelp or Apple iPhone maps yet, but just type in the address and you'll find it:     Tropical Breeze Jamaican Kitchen     3896 Main Street     Bridgeport, CT  06606     Phone:  203-372-0441     They also offer carry-out, catering and DELIVERY in the nearby area.  Order this for your next office lunch and your happy stomach will make for a blissful afternoon. Overall Impression:  New, clean, small, bright and friendly with GREAT FOOD.  Carryout, delivery, and dine-in options (only two tables for dine-in, though, so more of a carryout place).  Super friendly counter girl (Erica) and nice selection of soda and juices as well, including Coconut Water. Food:  Excellent!  They have a great menu with all of the classic Jamaican dishes you would hope to see:  Patties, Jerk Chicken & Jerk Pork, Brown Stew Chicken, Curried Goat, Oxtail, Salt Fish, Escoveitch Fish, Plantains, Yams, Rice and Peas, and Cabbage.  I'll try to post a photo of their menu here if I can.   I tried a sampling of Jerk Chicken, Brown Stew Chicken and Oxtail.  (Thanks, Erica for doing this "custom" lunch dish for me!)  All were flavorful, fall-off-the-bone tender, cooked and seasoned well.  Definitely a must-return.   I've eaten at many Jamaican restaurants that had fabulous food but weren't clean or well managed, and as a result ended up going out of business.  This place is absolutely an exception.  Nice and clean, with great food and great service. Atmosphere:  This isn't a fancy coat and tie affair, but could be great for a first date or a quick stop in for lunch or dinner.  Bright, airy colors and Caribbean music playing help get you in the mood for some tasty island flavor. Parking:  Street parking only.  There is a small parking lot next to the restaurant, but per the signs it is apparently not for the restaurant patrons.  You might get towed from that lot, so just park on the street as close as you can... it's worth the walk. My recommendation:  Eat here often!  Keep this fabulous restaurant busy to keep a delicious Jamaican restaurant open and accessible in Bridgeport!
