Ugh. Beyond Sushi, where do I begin?! I make it a point to drag all of my friends here at least once. Here is how the scenario usually plays out: *Before Beyond Sushi* Me: Hey there's this awesome vegan sushi place I know of. Let's go! Skeptical Friends: Vegan sushi? That sounds (gross/boring/bourgeois/whack/like a bastardization of Japanese culture).   *After Beyond Sushi* No Longer Skeptical Friends: Oh my stars, this is the most beautiful thing I have ever had in my life! *at this point there are tears streaming down their faces* Can I live here? Me: Das right. *puts on shades despite Beyond Sushi's relatively dim lighting* In all seriousness, this place has some of the most thoughtfully put together food I've had in my life. The flavors and textures go amazingly together. Taste aside, the rolls are beautiful to look at. As you watch them prepare the rolls, you'll see they are not haphazardly thrown together. On top of that, it is nutritious and very reasonably priced for the quality of food you're receiving. The food here is something everyone on the dietary spectrum can enjoy. Also, I must point out that they have a terrific staff that is ALWAYS very patient and welcoming no matter how packed it gets. I've seen people that were overwhelmed by the menu and the staff did a great job steering them in the right direction. My Favorites Rolls: Pickle Me, Sweet Tree, Spicy Mang, Might Mushroom Wrap: SPICY SHROOM fah dayzzzzzzzzzzzz Drinks: Lemonade with mint and cucumber, Watermelon Berry I say skip the desserts, they are a bit overpriced and I wasn't particularly blown away by them. But perhaps they would be more enjoyable for someone of a strictly vegan diet. Few months ago I would have given five gazillion stars but  lately I've noticed some inconsistencies in the rolls. In the store they decorate the walls with *glamour shots* of each roll so you can see exactly what's in them. The last few times I went, they used the wrong type of rice in the Mighty Mushroom roll and they didn't put avocado inside of the Pickle Me, instead filling it up with mostly carrots. Call me persnickety, but the Pickle Me rolls tasted noticeably better when they made it the old way.   Nitpicking aside, GO TO BEYOND SUSHI!!!! Like right now! Get off your phone/laptop and treat yo'self. Don't forget to take your friends so you get mad street cred for introducing them to this gem.
