For some reason, I feel like this restaurant name has something to do with the Phish album. It gives off that same vibe. Considering it's Burlington, I wouldn't be surprised. We came here with Greg's family before a wedding in South Hero. Because I love Yelping, I was asked to find a restaurant. Which admittedly, was a lot of pressure.  When searching under Burlington's restaurants, Farmhouse comes in above and beyond as the top rated restaurant. I think the party I was with was a little surprised, because it was a farm to table restaurant.. which meant it isn't going to be your typical experience.... they picked up the chicken that same morning for god sake.  Farm to table in Burlington non the less, is definitely a different experience than in Boston... considering Boston's closest animal and dairy farm is probably in Burlington. Going here is your authentic Burlington experience. However, being FTT is no excuse for the limited menu options that the Farmhouse offers.... being so highly ranked, I definitely expected a more lengthy and interesting menu. Their highlights were burgers and mac and cheese- so basically awesome for me and my 5 year old friends.  I will say though, although limited, the dishes all looked and sounded astoundingly appetizing. Bri and I got the mac and cheese, there was some fish, burgers and soup ordered around the table. I am pretty sure everyone was extremely pleased with the meals, and the drink selection. They have a wide range of drafts and wines to choose from. However again, because its FTT, you can't expect to come here and get your typical Blue Moon. They truly live by their FTT philosophy. I loved the aspect that they list all of the farms that they buy from. Having cousins who own a farm in Western Mass, I know how hard it is to sometimes be successful with sales. The recognition that the Farmhouse gives to these local farms is generous, and truly tells a lot about the mindset of the organization and the owners. They are serving your food for the right purposes. One major deception that we experienced was the cheese plate. We Thankfully ordered the bigger option.... which still only came with the amount of cheese I typically eat in one bite... nevermind to share with a table of 7. While the cheese, jams, and crackers were all fresh and poignant, the serving sizes were disappointing for your dollar. This is great to keep in mind when dining with someone like Gster, since he doesn't like to order meals and an appetizer, since he says it "fills him up". But bad if you want to have enough cheese to share with the table. The decor was well... what you can expect for a restaurant called farmhouse. It had beautiful wooden architecture, high beams, and fun and whimsical lighting. Tons of drafts all around. On the way out, I caught a glance of their back patio, which looked like a fairytale. I highly reccomend checking out this "Secret Garden" in the back. If the food, service, and decor didn't already make me like this place... I was sold on the romantic and intimate backyard setting. Lastly, I want to make note of our service. Our waitress was a fun, hip, young graduate with tattoos, short hair, and piercings. She had a spunky attitude, was very personable and knowledgeable of the city and the food choices. I think she liked our table.
