MUST READ before you decide to go. Couple of things that you need to know about this place: 1. the most they accommodate is 4 ppl to sit in a table 2. they do not have high chairs or booster seats. DEFINITELY not a place for a family with kids 3. their booth style seats are so narrow, you can barely fit an infant carseat without struggling 4. you are NOT allowed to bring in beverages from any outside vendors/restaurants, if you do they charge you $1 per drink to pour it out into one of their own cups (FYI there is no sign about this anywhere inside/outside this tiny trailer restaurant) 5. they HOVER over you, making you feel rushed & uncomfortable, as they hand you the check (which is on an ipad) and wait for you to sign, figure out tip/total,etc. they will not leave until you have handed over the ipad to the waiter/waitress Let me start off by saying, I am not one to be bothered to leave negative reviews unless the venue really warrants it, as this one truly did. I am a mother of two young babies and for the reasons stated above and MORE, I would NEVER revisit this place again. This hole in the wall ended up being a HUGE disappointment. The food was okay, nothing spectacular but their service and management was HORRENDOUS. The blonde owner who also works there, Natalie, was very unfriendly, stuck up and a complete B*TCH. Based on their decent reviews, I took my husband & 2 kids there for fathers day brunch and was told by this woman Natalie, that we would have a 20 min wait. So we decided to kill some time by walking around the area because you clearly can not wait inside as it is SO cramped & tiny. We went across the street to starbucks to grab an iced coffee & reg hot coffee.  When the table was finally ready for us to be seated, Natalie took our coffee as if she was giving us a hand (my husband was carrying a huge diaper bag & our baby in his infant carseat and I had to tug along my 2 yr old).. After about a couple minutes the coffees were still not brought to our table so we flagged our waiter down & he told us that they were holding it back there because they have a policy where you can't bring in drinks from other places.. ...??? we were completely baffled. Not only did Natalie fail to mention this to us before she grabbed our drinks but  this so-called "policy"  is NO WHERE stated in or around the restaurant. We questioned the waiter and he indeed admitted it is not stated but that he is just following the owner's rules. We asked to please get us our drinks that it will just sit there and get cold and ice will melt,etc. and it wasn't like we were going order their coffee anyway... and he kept on refusing. After much debate, I guess he got permission from the owner, Natalie to give us back our drinks. But he had to pour it into their own glass cups. As soon as were done eating, we asked for the check, a waitress appears with an ipad. After looking at the charges, I realized, what the heck?! these crooks charged $2 for our coffee they poured out into their cups. It was not at all the dollar amount, it was the principle that threw us off.. they did not mention that there would be a $1 per cup charge for doing so and felt that this was a very sneaky & shady thing to do. The right thing would have been for the waiter to mention this to us before he did it. So back to the waitress, she stands there over me as I'm trying to figure out what I should tip,etc. and she would not leave. Not only did this feel awkward, but I felt rushed and felt like I had no privacy. I mean, who does this?!  Based on all my experiences thus far, I decided to give a small tip (I would normally give 20%, but I gave about 12%) My husband and I were so baffled that he felt the need to go talk to the owner herself.. instead of being apologetic, she was being a b*tch to us and said that there DEFINITELY is a sign outside that states the no drinks policy. We went outside and checked, and it was not there. She said "Oh someone must have removed it".. then, when my husband mentioned about the check experience, she told him that the waitress needs to wait for the ipad to be given back in case someone steals it and runs out with it. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Yes, that was her dumb reasoning.. and EVEN IF, the place is so tiny that it would be hard to do so anyway without taking a step and immediately grabbing the person. Clearly, this woman does NOT how to operate a restaurant and does not know how to handle situations with unsatisfied customers. Had she been a little more apologetic, we wouldnt have left there with such a bad taste in our mouths. What a shame. NEVER AGAIN!!! There are so many other good brunch places...Go somewhere else!
