ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS!! I always wanted to go to this place since I've bookmarked it back in October 2013. The photos and reviews peeked my interest yet I never took the chance to go until May 23,2014. My date and I was walking the city and she offer to take me to Pio Pio. Instantly I smiled with excitement. As we arrived we placed on name for a table. The wait was pretty long 30-45 mins and they weren't joking. Patiently waiting we chatted. I also noticed the Zagat reviews they were the winner choice for 2013 and 2014. Soon after our host they called our names. As we enter the first floor seats at the dining sector and a sleek long lavish bar. We were seated close by the walls however from the side of my eye I peeked a corner where it was overseeing the lower level dining area. We were kindly moved to truly enjoy the beautifully modern ambiance. The lighting was perfectly set to dim. While we were seated we review the menu as the waiter allowed us to see further what they had to offer. We started a combo Pimiento Relleno (stuff pepper) along with the Matador combo (roasted chicken, rice & beans, tostones, avacado salad, and salchichas &fries). In addition we order a pitcher of red sangria. While waiting for our food they placed a green minty-colored sauce and my date said it was for the delicious juicy Peruvian roasted chicken. I was pleased waiting because I was able to converse with my date as well here others enjoy themselves as reggaeton music played in the background. It gave the restaurant a fun-trending environment. The stuff pepper arrived first as well as the sangria. The bell pepper was nicely decor as I expected. It was pretty tasteful the ground beef and good start to an anticipating meal to arrive. The red sangria was serviced well strong fruitful but enjoyable. Then the main course arrived the Matador combo. HUGE portions smelling absolutely amazing! Plate after plate after plate. Felt just as if it were home cooked meal yet was at a much more beautiful setting. The chicken was so juicy and the green sauce gave it an extra cool spice taste. I loved the sauce so much I placed it on everything. The fries and salchichas were great little addition and plenty of tostones for 4 with garlic sauce. My date and I completely enjoyed ourselves this wonderful meal and conversation. As the billed arrived I was pleasantly surprised to see how affordable everything was. Plates of food appetizers pitcher sangria which pour 3 cups apiece my date and I totaled to under $100. Everything was incredible the service the food the dining experience and the company. I couldn't have asked for a better night at Pio Pio.
