Of all the places I visited in NYC, PUBLIC was the one that constantly rang some tiny bell in everyone's mind: "I've heard of that one." High praise in a place of so much excellent dining, and clearly well-deserved. What drew me in first was the terrace. Walking past often on Elizabeth, it's elevated above you, across from the sculpture gallery that darts between it and Mott to create the rare odd avenue of green space in NoLita. The space was bricked, and skylight-lit, and went back and back into some combination of old warehouse row meets swank British 1940s hotel lounge crossed with a bit of restrained modern Pacific Northwest wood and concrete. PUBLIC has a wine program where you can pick your bottle up in an old mailbox each month, a 2012 Michelin star, a menu that's whiff-of-exotic by way of Australia and New Zealand, a five-course $50 Sunday Supper, and the loveliest coconut pancakes one could swoon over. The ricotta, ginger-lime syrup, and mango salad that nests atop is almost too much...but then, too much is never enough. Though I had a mere month in the city, this is one of the three places I visited twice: it's amazing. Both times I was fortunate enough to eat on the terrace, and when you're sitting there all you see are trees from the sculpture gallery. Between that, the vast open space of the rest of the bar and restaurant, and the relative quiet of Elizabeth, you feel somewhere far away and almost quiet for a bit. But of course you're also mesmerized by what's on the place....I'm not a pancake eater normally, but these coconut ones are some of the best bready breakfasty things I've ever had: moist, rich, and full of tiny shreds of coconut. If you opt for the brunch set price, you can have all that, plus coffee or tea, plus another drink of your choice (and I choose you, my mimosa) for $24. Do it. I returned with one of my favorite Seattle dining companions for their Sunday Supper: five courses of whatever the kitchen's serving up, with an optional wine pairing for each at $48. The fun of the supper is that it's also a contest, with each course created by a different chef, and you - the diner - get to weigh in on what you love and what you don't. Best dishes vie to appear on the regular menu, so they're all seasonal. Hopefully Soo will be your server, and Peter will visit you with each wine pairing (plus lovely explanation as to where and why), and you'll have one of the best nights ever. They do have a limited amount of suppers, so go early and take advantage; the menu isn't posted online, but you can peruse it once you arrive. On our visit we tasted everything from a cucumber gazpacho with crab to fusion spring rolls to duck to perfectly crispy-and-tender pork belly to a dessert trio, and this is to describe them in only the most basic of terms. Everything had a spectacular sauce, trick, or twist along with it; while not every course was the best-ever, they worked together to create one of the most memorable meals I've had. The excellent wine pairings helped in this regard, I'm sure....Always a delight, and one I look forward to indulging in on my next visit.
