Mind blowing.  Simply mind blowing.  Sweetie pie mentioned this place to me the other night and we checked out the website.  At that time the menu portion wasn't yet completed, so tonight we headed over to check it out in person and we now have an official new fave place to eat in the neighborhood. S&H Kebab House serves up everything from soups and salads and cold and hot appetizers to vegetarian dishes, seafood, satueed dishes and casseroles, and of course, kebabs.  We started out with the Mucver appetizer, which is a pan fried zucchini pancake with yougurt and garlic sauce served on the side.  There were a total of three pancakes, and each was fried to perfection, with not a hint of greasiness.  The yogurt was impeccable as well and was also a nice complement to the free flat bread served with every meal. We decided to share the Karisik Izgara, or the combination grilled kebab, platter. This was loaded with doner kebab, lamb shish kebab, chicken shish kebab, adana kebab, meatball kebab, and chicken adana kebab with rice and pilaf on the side.  Where to begin?  Each kebab was cooked almost beyond perfection, with a melt in your mouth quality.  The lamb kebabs were especially delicious, with the doner being simply amazing.  Whatever these guys used as a rub for that particular kebab really turned it into something special.  I also really enjoyed the sweetness and texture of the meatball kebab, thinking that it and the doner could be dangerously addictive. Ditto that for the delicious pilaf, which had a nice spiciness to it. After dinner, we split a kazandibi (a baked and caramelized light milk pudding) for dessert, and I also tried the Turkish coffee.  Again, both were simply exquisite, with the strong coffee being the perfect balance to the sweet kazandibi. If you've never had Turkish coffee like I hadn't before this trip, be prepared for a nice, solid caffienated buzz that puts any other espresso to shame. The prices were excellent, with most kebab dishes being $11.95 with more than generous portions.  The combo platter we got was $21.95 and well worth every cent.  The staff was extremely friendly and the low key decor is pretty.  It doesn't smash you over the head, but then it doesn't need to when the food is this delicious. We'll certainly be going back again soon, which the owner Sal seemed thrilled about.  Rock on, Sal.  You have yourself a winner.
