One of the best dinners that I had during my stay in New York was at Momofuku Ssam Bar.  If you get a chance to try the pork shoulder, you must!  Grab a group of friends and do it!  One of our friends had planned a group dinner for 25 people, so they had pre-ordered the Bo Ssam: (ssäm is korean for enclosed or wrapped) includes a whole slow cooked pork shoulder, a dozen oysters, white rice, bibb lettuce, korean bbq sauce, kimchi and ginger scallion sauce.  You make wraps with the pork and condiments or eat as you please. The pork shoulder from niman ranch is cured overnight, then slow roasted for 6-8 hours with a brown sugar and kosher salt rub.  It is nothing like I've ever had before and yelping about it is making me salivate as I type.  You have to make a reservation and call ahead so that they can prepare the Bo Ssam.  It costs $200 but well worth it if you have some friends who like to eat! In addition to the Bo Ssam, our table also ordered steamed buns (pork belly, hoisin, cucumbers, scallions) and bbq bun (crispy pork belly, coleslaw, smoked mayo).  Both were incredibly delicious and a great start to the meal.     The oysters were incredibly fresh and I preferred them on their own as opposed to putting them in a wrap.  The pork shoulder was amazing!!! It was fall off the bone tender and just the one of the best pieces of pork I've ever eaten.  What was even more amazing was that our table only had 8 people (6 guys and 2 gals including moi) and we ate the whole damn thing!  It was impressive given the fact that our friends and my bf have had this meal numerous times and never have they ever finished the whole pork shoulder.  They said that they always took a lot home.  Even the waiter was very impressed.  The other table in our party even passed over their remaining half dozen of oysters and we finished that too!  Note - limit or skip the rice so you have room for the wraps.  Our table was proud, despite being straight up gluttons that had contracted the meat sweats after consuming everything.   Incredible food and service.  Our total tab including drinks and tip came out to be $50 per person.  Great value for all the food that we had.  When in NYC, must have Momofuku Bo Ssam!!!
