SUMMER RESTAURANT WEEK 2011 REVIEW Came here last night for dinner very last minute and it might have been one of the best decision I've ever made!! First, the space is absolutely beautiful and its huge! Clean cut, simple lines and modern. I love how when you first walk in it's set up like a lounge area and then you see the bar. I figured the lounge area was just to have cocktails but I saw people having their meals there. Not sure I would enjoy that maybe just some apps though. I was seated right away and taken to a table in the back room. I was presented with a menu and then a few minutes later the waiter came over with a compliment taste of wine, one that they are currently promoting. It was a little too dry for my liking. To start the meal I got the falafel and the Mouhamara (walnuts, sundried peppers, pomegranate molasses). I almost went with the warm eggplant, as I read in numerous other reviews how delicious it was. But because I was getting eggplant with my dinner I decided to try something new. I was so happy I went with the mouhamara, it was out of this world. This was the first time I had ever had this and while it sounds like an odd combo of flavors, they were aligned perfectly. Topping a piece of falafel with the mouhamara was also a brilliant move on my part. I was also served a basket of three pitas but were heated and blown up in you will. So not only were they fresh out of the oven but they were a little crispy as well. It was great to dip with but to also make myself a little falafel sandwich. This also might have been some of the best falafel I've had in the city thus far. It was just so flavorful and moist in the middle but more importantly bursting with flavor! Entree: Fried Skate: eggplant mousahka, tahini, endive, salmon roe. So I wasn't thrilled when I saw that the one piece of fish I wanted was fried. I asked if it was flash fried and the waiter told me it was. I wouldn't exactly say it flash fried but it was deep fried either ... regardless I still ate it. The eggplant mousahka was so flavorful and when you got a bite of a little bit of everything, my taste buds were dancing! Dessert: ilili Candy Bar: chocolate kataifi crunch / chocolate ganache pistachio and fig caramel / table side, finish w/ warm chocolate sauce. Let me just start by saying, if you don't get this dessert when you come to this restaurant, your loss. This was soooo good and I totally wasn't expecting it be prepared the way it was. When they deliver the plate to your table there is a little bowl of warm chocolate sauce that they drizzle on top. While I had the image of a candy bar in my head it was similar to a brownie shape but most certainly not in texture. If I had to compare it to something, I would say it was more like a rice crispy treat texture but all chocolate if that makes sense. You could really taste the pistachios in which I enjoyed. On the side, the fig carmel sauce wasn't too rich which was great because I'm not a huge fan of carmel but it accented the dessert nicely. Again, if you don't get this ... your loss. The presentation of all the dishes was great and creative which I really enjoy, I think that's a huge part of the meal. The service was extremely attentive. I also feel as though they had too many waiters/waitresses and busboys in the same area, it got a little hectic at times. One thing I really didn't enjoy was how quickly the food came out. Within a minute of finishing my apps, my entree was at my table. I didn't even really have time to let myself enjoy the food I just ate and let all the flavors settle in, never mind let my food settle! I noticed the table next to me, and since there was two of them they were able to get two apps and their entrees came out and they weren't even half way through their apps, leaving no table space for their food and then their food was bound to get a little cold. I'm not sure if they were trying to rush people out because they were going to be busy or what but I didn't enjoy that. I had a reservation at 6 pm and was finished by like 7:10 and when I was leaving it was much busier and people were lined up at the hostess counter. Overall a great experience and delicious food. I'm not one to hit a restaurant in NYC twice but I could see myself coming back here. They also run a pre fixe lunch and maybe dinner menu making it a little more affordable.
