While roaming NYC chinatown on a cold winter night fifteen years ago, we stumbled on this place. At the time I had no idea what Malaysian food tasted like, but I loved it. Now I know what Malaysian should taste like and I still love this place. It's not strictly Malaysian, there are some Thai and Indonesian dishes, but then again there is a lot of Thai, Indo, and Indian influences in Malaysian cuisisine... It was and still remains one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. The food is amazing, and the price has remained affordable. we were 7 people and the bill came out to 145$ tax and tips included, which is roughly 20$ per person, in NYC!!! this is rare. Over the years I've tried almost all the dishes at this place, the menu is deep and there are over a dozen dishes that are excellent... Roti Canai is staple here, it's light and crisp, and comes with a small bowl of curry, you dip the roti in the curry and eat, it's delish. Hananese chicken, which is steamed chicken served on soy sauce and hot dipping sauce at room temperature, it comes with chicken rice (rice cooked in chicken broth), it's a bit of an acquired taste but the chicken flavor is pure and chines throughout the dish. Sarang Burong, it's a bird's nest type dish except, the bird's nest is make of taro paste which is deep fried in the shape of a bowl and filled with stir fried chicken and veggies. The fried taro bits just melt in your mouth, this is one of the most original dishes I've ever tasted. Golden sesame chicken, is chicken with crispy skin and stuffed with shrimp meat paste, it comes with sweet spicy sauce, this crispy skin has sesame seeds imbedded in it hence the name. Asam Laksa, is a noodle soup, made with pungent shrimp paste, yes the stinky kind. This dish is not for the faint hearted, but it is delish, it has pineapple pieces in the broth to balance out the salty shrimp paste. An acquired taste but worth the try. Mee Siam, stir fried vermicelli, with shrimp, fried tofu, bean sprouts and boiled egg, comes with a slice of lemon which you squeeze in and mix everything up before you eat it, a little on the sweet and spicy side but the lemon helps cut it down a bit, full of flavor. Fried fish with mango, the mango is young so it is more tangy than sweet, but it blends very nicely to the crsipy fish. The list goes on but you get the idea, I eat here almost every time I go to NYC. :)
