let's be clear about something: i don't like the 50s. when i think about the vestiges of that chrome cut, lassie-loving, segregated, dolled-up, suburban, blackandwhiteleaveittobeaver, toothpaste hugging, fake-smile-toting fucked up shtick, it generally makes me cringe. yes, this is a generalization. and yes, it's not exactly fair. but hell, like nearly all things bad (stalin, hitler, dave matthews band, tv shoppping channels, malls, orlando, and the like excluded), there is a silver lining. for me, that's a pretty short list, and three of them are actually, literally silver: toasters, airstream, and diners. yes, silk city certainly has a bit of this silver shtick going. but it's a good shtick. and it's shtick with at least a play way from true shtick. and it's also pretty tasty shtick....and there's beer. embracing the best of the 50s shtick, silk city celebrates the diner, the airstream form, and has toasters, meanwhile accessorizing these staples with the following wonderful elements: beautiful waitstaff, a side-bar lounge done up sleek and dark, great bathrooms, great tunes bouncing from motown to beebop to rock, booth seating, and, most importantly, liquor and beer. good beer. like southhampton and troeggs and more on the ol' tap (done up sweet goldchrome style), and the duvel and such standards in the bottle. unexpected and delicious. the food is also pretty kick ass for the price. meeting some friends here for dinner on a swing into town, and trying not to gawk at the service staff too much, we happily devoured some spot-on spice-battered calamari, heaps of fries, unanimously satisfying sandwiches (my beersoaked pulled pork sandwich with mustard and kraut was pretty goddamn huge and amazing), and some of the best wings i've ever had, done up in a cilantro-lemongrass-chile sauce that had me dipping my fries in to soak up the afterburn. for 15 bucks, that's pretty sweet. so sweet in fact, that we came back the next morning for some wake-up coffee, breakfast, and a drink or two. and, of course, to stare and talk shit. sure enough the place was bumping again, but no wait for the counter. so it was easy enough to saunter on up and take down a salmon/goatcheese/arugula omelette, some hash, some pancakes, and some sweet broke yolk before hitting the road. all that was missing was a bit of salt. oh. and that really cute bartender from the night before. anyway, i hope to come back here soon sometime not so far away when i can check in on the biergarten in the works. and make proposals with my eyes....
