I went with three friends on a Saturday evening to Tinto. The waitress walked us through the menu and let us know what some popular dishes were and also made her own favorite dish suggestions to us. Since Tinto is a tapas restaurant, we planned to order a bunch dishes to share. The explanations the server gave when we asked a few questions was very thorough - you could tell she was knowledgeable with all the food on the menu. She was also very helpful when we ordered a bottle of wine for the table. They have a nice list of choices with plenty of wines to choose from. We started out by ordering the arugula and verdosa salads - both a light fare and tasty. We also ordered the basque onion soup and chestnut soup. The onion soup was delicious, the chestnut soup was much heavier and very creamy. Both were good selections, but very different from one another. The chestnut soup came with a sunny side up quail's egg on top of the broth --- definitely something I've never seen before. We also ordered the shortrib bocadillo, crab montadito, and pork montadito. All were excellent selections to share with my friends. The crab portion was small, though I realize tapas is supposed to be small, this was smaller than we expected. We continued our "food tour" with judias, basque mussels (I don't eat mussels, but my friends said they were very good), and shrimp brochettes (they brought the full bodies of the shrimp out...eyes included....eek!) which were also a good choice. We also ordered the green beans, wild mushrooms, and asparagus. All of these were of fine quality and cooked just right. The green beans were firm, and cooked perfectly. Dessert, I believe, was called gateaux basque which was two small almond cakes with a whipped cherry topping. We ended with coffee and cappuccino - both were good quality and hit the spot to end the meal. Overall, the experience was a good one, though I have to admit that the other Jose Garces restaurants that I have been to are also good choices for dining.
