I'm bougie... ...so I was very unhappy that I had to wait on a line just to get a reservation at this place: I thought I was at a damn night club at midnight, waiting to get my hand stamped! The people were loud in the street and the ladies shouting the names of the reservations were practically whispering; finally, me and my friend pinned our bodies to the entrance to hear our name get called. I don't like waiting on-line outside for food like this is the Great Depression and I'm waiting for a crust of government cheese on the Welfare lines in the Soviet Union; I felt like I was in the USSR (and I've never even been there y'all)! However, when we finally did get into this restaurant, we were met with extreme courtesy, expeditiousness and great food! The hostess sat us at a table where I had room to breathe and stretch, I didn't feel like I was sitting on top of someone (like I had initially anticipated by the mob-scene outside). Our server Anita was a true delight, she actually greeted us with a sincere smile and earnestly introduced herself by name! So many servers (even at upscale eateries) fail to introduce themselves these days (and no one seems to bat an eye anymore because Americans are just so accustomed to sub-par service) so one has no way of knowing who to summon when you want something as simple as water! Anita was the best thing about our dining experience and deserves a raise and a promotion! The only thing that almost eclipsed Anita's brilliance was the awesome Truffle burger that made love to my mouth! That burger was so good, I almost forgot how long I had to wait on-line to get it. The burger was so good and so saucy, I didn't even need ketchup! Even the bun tasted good! My friend ordered the classic burger; both of our burgers were so good we had to show it some respect by eating it with a fork & a knife! Anita and our burgers were soigné! This is truly a step up from Shack Shack (as it should be since it is a much higher price-point) but as much as I enjoyed my dining experience, I won't be returning anytime soon. I need to wait until the novelty of this place wears-off, that way I can just come right in, sit-down and eat a delicious burger without waiting on a line like I'm at Webster Hall on NYE.
