The perfect Vermont inn and getaway. We found the Inn doing an online search for nice accommodations while skiing at Okemo. We chose it for its lack of wallpaper and absence of floral bedspreads all too common in the "inns" of VT.  It was a quick decision and I had not done the usual level of research before choosing a bed-stay... A few days after reserving a room for 2 nights, I was looking around for a place to eat and noticed our inn had an onsite restaurant which I found convenient.  It was only after I made reservations there that I found all of the local food focus (which I am an avid supporter of) and the quality of food reviews. When we arrived late in the evening, we had found a complimentary upgrade (given an available room). From the moment we entered the Inn, I was in love. Country, yet classy, Simple yet elegant. Clean but rustic. The perfect mix for a VT inn.  Our room was incredible.  The bathtub jacuzzi - larger than the jacuzzi at the Ritz Carlton, was an added splash! The next morning we came downstairs -- greeted by a lively and adorable mini poodle named Lucy - for breakfast and were also greeted by the owners. They were laid back and warm. Chatty but not at all annoying. The complimentary breakfast (juice, coffee and a small breakfast menu that could blow any New York City brunch hot spot out of the water) far exceeded expectations. In addition to your meal (all local, sustainable eggs, fresh bread, meats), the chef (who was Jane - the Innkeeper on Saturday) bakes a homemade treat for your breakfast appetizer served with fresh fruit.  The first day we had a honey corn muffin like none I have ever tasted. Sunday we enjoyed these heavenly little doughnut meets pancake coated in Cinnamon and sugar. My boyfriend and I could The highlight was the dinner served in Verterra. Seated by the fire, we enjoyed an elegant, relaxed and romantic dinner. The servers were fun and very knowledgeable. The wine selection was one I see rarely even in NYC.  Pages and pages of wines from their collection.  Cocktails were creative and tasty (and welcomed after a long day on the slopes).  All of our dishes (which change weekly) were innovative but comforting.  Our dessert cheese plate from local farms was among the top food experiences I have had in a long time. The Innkeepers and all of their staff were beyond warm and friendly. Before the end of our visit we were already planning our next trip back!
