I just had a wonderful experience here.  My friend recently got engaged, so another friend and I took her here for a celebration brunch.  It's BYOB, so it was perfect!  Bought a bottle of champagne on the way over and pushed the door open--- No, wait, it's closed.  It's closed??  It's the Thursday before Christmas, so I think there might be a possibility that he's closed for the holidays.  That is devastating to me.... I've wanted to try this place forever! But no, there's a scruffy looking man walking up to me.  He's making eye contact.  This is weird.  He's got keys!  He's taking them out!  He's opening the door!!   Neil (owner/chef) ushered me inside and chatted with me, explaining that it was a quiet day so he'd gone next door to discuss some problems he's been having with one of his fridges or something.  I could barely keep up my end of the conversation, I was so busy being delighted with the interior design of the tiny space. No menus, just printed letters on old grade school lined paper with the menu items printed neatly in black.  The mismatched chairs and tables in the front space.  The tiny kitchen in the corner.   I began settling in to a space but Neil insisted I sit in the back room, where it was a bit warmer.  I immediately went to the back room and once again barely held up my end of the conversation as I was immersed in the utter delightful charm of the space. When my friends arrived, Neil poured our drinks, Neil took our orders, Neil created the dishes (with "TLC" -- his words), and Neil set the dishes lovingly before us.  It was like being at a private lunch catered and served by a master chef. I had the Haricot Vert salad ($8), which came dressed in a light creamy tangy dressing, and my friends ordered the Corn Crab Chowder (hearty, rich, plentiful, delicious - $8).   Out came bread, crusty and fragrant, and the dipping oil, which was garnished with a good dollop of bruschetta-esque mixture.  The dipping sauce was so good, he had to replenish our bread so we could mop up every bit of it. For entrees, we had a Mussels Provencal (a heaping plate of mussels in a tomato, garlic, herb stew sauce, $14) and two orders of the Sea Scallops ($24).  When we ordered the Sea Scallops, his face lit up. "Oh, you're going to love the scallops, you've never had beautiful scallops like these.  You will never taste better scallops." With a blessing like that from the Chef, my anticipation was at its peak.   And yes, he delivered.  The scallops (five of them) were pure buttery melt in your mouth perfection, with a nice seared color on the outside.  The sauce they came in was a little salty, but as long as you don't smother them in it (and you really shouldn't, anyway!), it's great.  Just a drop of the gravy, a bite of mashed potatoes, some carrots and green beans, and it was a dish I would order again and again. Now coming home and reading these reviews, I can't wait to get back and try the Tuna Burger and the Cioppino! I love and would return to many places I've tried, but with its charm, atmosphere, owner, and FOOD, Petite Crevette has secured itself a place in my top three. P.S. I don't know if it's already noted on this page, but he's not open for lunch on Sundays.
