I grew up less than a football field away from the Merchants of Venice store, and was in my early teens when they opened. It was a wonderful place, with everything, including the air direct from Italy. The store is just a hole in the wall at first glance, but to walk through the door was a ticket to Europe. Wow! Two men were partners in the enterprise at the time, and the Mother of one of the partners ruled the kitchen. Over time, the store became famous for their (Moms) meatballs. No kidding, they were awesome beyond words. So awesome that over the years, they were shipped to NJ expats all over the country. I was one of the recipients when I moved to Georgia. Prior to my move, I had the privilege of observing dear old Mom make the meatballs on several occasions (those were the days). I still follow her recipe to this day, and it isn't cheap by any measure, but it's pure heaven on the palate. After I returned to NJ several years ago, I wanted to satisfy my craving for Merchants meatballs again, and I visited the store.... What a letdown. Of course, all of the original staff are long gone, but  the smell and old world ambiance were also gone, and the guy behind the counter seemed put off by having to grunt and point toward the reach-in freezer when I asked for a quart of meatballs. No problem, as he might have had a bad day...  No, that wasn't it. The place had changed, and the reluctant  cashier was just a first clue... When I arrived at my home, I prepared a meatball sub. It was not  in any way other than meatball size related to the awesome meatballs that were the claim to fame at the Merchants of Venice for many years. They were, in fact, barely middle of the road for supermarket frozen meatballs. Cheap ingredients, cheap flavor, high brow price.I hope they return to the glory days of the past by going back to Grandma's recipe before they lose everything Merchants built over the years. I'll be happy to share the meatball recipe they seem to have lost if the current staff is interested. Merchants of Venice is a national treasure located in Clark township. Don't  let it become just another catering business.
