Was there for my birthday dinner and we genuinely enjoyed ourselves. This is one restaurant in Philly that gives you a bang for your buck.  Everything is beyond reasonably priced, including an eight dollar "really clean" specialty martini and a seven dollar glass of Portuguese wine.  The martini was made with white grape juice and organic lemon vodka, much like the rest of the menu that is organic, free-range, sustainable, or locally grown.  There are many veg or vegan options as well, which in many restaurants proves to be a challenge.   We started with the tuna tartar and the clams with cappellini and garlic.  The tuna was a bit cliché for my taste, made with tamari, sesame, and rice crackers.  I crave tuna tartar that is not Asian fusion!  The rice crackers overpowered the flavor of the rest of the dish.  The clams were delicious; however, on the menu they were listed as littlenecks, and they were delivered as top neck clams or larger.  I was disappointed and would have opted for another appetizer if we were informed of the change. The entrees were nearly perfect.  For thirty bucks, my boyfriend enjoyed a huge rack of lamb with a spicy mustard glaze that was cooked to rare perfection.  For twenty bucks, I had a lovely striped bass with avocado salsa which would be more accurately described as guacamole with a little extra tomato, but delicious nonetheless.  The bass was slightly overcooked, but by no means well done or dried out.  Both entrees were accompanied by generous sides; the lamb with potatoes and haricots verts and the striped bass with brown rice and sautéed broccoli rabe.   Dessert, second to the drinks, was an amazing value as well.  For NINE DOLLARS we enjoyed the dessert combo, which included 3 large portions of their specialty desserts.  So satisfying, perfect ending for my birthday, and it even came with a candle. Added bonus: Complimentary filtered water, still or sparkling, bottled in house. Service was a little slow, but expected at 10:30 on a Friday, and no bread service was offered at all.  But still, no complaints from us, for a fully rounded, spectacular meal that would have cost us twice as much in Center City, and is 8 blocks from our apartment.
