*Another RW Review* I got lost trying to find this restaurant, going up and down 1st Ave several times.  So here are some detailed instructions - Don't use your iPhone map, it will lead you the wrong way on 29th St.  It's near Bellvue, if you've past any hospital on the East side, then you've gone too far.  Walk down the small road that goes towards the river.  If you see a Security guard in a booth, then you're heading in the right direction.  Keep walking the long road until you see a building on the right.  Walk through the lobby of the building.  You will see a round Security desk in the lobby with turnstiles.  You're in the correct building, it's also an office building.   Admire the lobby and the reflective projected fluid images on the wall, keep walking and there you have it.  The restaurant is in the building, along the river. Here's what we tried from their RW menu.  Their entire menu was RW for the 3 weeks.  They didn't offer anything else unless you wanted to order off the bar menu.  There were many options to chose from. The Glazed Pork Belly with pickled vegetables, jalepeno.  It was tangy with a bit of a kick, and so thickly cut.  Yum! Skirt steak frites with watercress, horseradish.  A generous portion perfectly cooked as we desired. Branzino & Roast Chicken - Both crispy on the outside but moist and tender on the inside. For dessert: Chocolate molten cake & Cinnamon panna cotta After dinner we sat in the comfy Austin Power looking chairs.  They were gold and contemporary.  Then we walked outside where there was outdoor seating, and admired the view.   The food wasn't mind blowing but the flavors were good and everything cooked with a precise execution.  We wanted to try their Fried chicken but it wasn't being offered.  So we'll probably go back during nice weather for outdoor seating.  I can see this place being a cool place to go after work for a great view, drinks*, and a nice dinner.   PS - The restrooms are not in the restaurant, they're back in the lobby.  So you have to walk out of the restaurant and back into the lobby, near the Security desk. *Temperance coolers - Are non alcoholic drink that are offered.  I'm told they were pretty good for $5
