I've been getting my lunch there 1-2 times a week since they opened last Spring.  It is family-owned by a young married couple and the husband's mother.  This is authentic Mexican food, from family recipes, and it's simple, not fancy or Americanized.  You get your food in plain aluminum foil in a plain bag, no frills.  I love all kinds of Mexican food, and before this place, the only option for lunch was Taco Bell.  Never again! I LOVE their pico de gallo, and always ask for extra with whatever I order--it's become a major food group for me.  The chicken quesadilla makes a very satisfying lunch, and just the aroma makes others in the office jealous.   Be sure to takes a few containers of homemade salsa.  They have mild, hot, and "volcano."  They use local, fresh ingredients, so the salsa does change a little from day to day or week to week, depending on what they get at the local farmer's market.  I kind of like tasting the variations that result.  I'm addicted to the volcano. I'm a stickler for chicken being real, white-meat chicken with no grizzle or skin, and this chicken is always good.  The chicken and shredded pork tend to be a little bland on their own, though tthey are both lean and not fatty at all; just add the salsa and pico de gallo to make them very tasty.   Their specials are often excellent, usually the mom's old family recipes. They do chicken mole about once every 2 weeks, and it's definitely worth a try...it's enough for me for both lunch and dinner.  It's really rich and has the many-layered complex flavor mole is supposed to have, and it stands up to some of the mole I've had in finer-dining Mexican places.   I'm not a big dessert person, but even I love their desserts.  I like flan when it's good, not too eggy and not instant-pudding-trying-to-be-flan.  Their flan is REALLY good--you can get it by the piece, or buy a whole big round one if you want to take it to a party.  They also have this new dessert that has a layer of flan and a layer of super-moist and rich chocolate cake.   Very inexpensive!  I don't know what the other poster expected when they said the prices were high!   And for the person who said it wasn't spicy enough, you can ask for salsa or pico to be added to the inside if you like, and that makes it more than spicy enough, especially if you get the volcano salsa. Update: July 2013 I still LOVE this place, and all of the above is still true.  You MUST try the "Impossible" dessert (top layer of flan and bottom layer of moist chocolate cake).  It's addictive!
