Salt & Fat, a fusion tapas restaurant, if it hasn't already, is fast on its way to becoming a scenester destination restaurant where people come from far and wide-Sunnyside's version of SriPraPhai.  Food I tried: Oxtail Terrine-a hunk of perfectly seasoned, nice and salty, tender-textured meat, lovely sauces on side.  (Don't feel like the price is justified, with only a bit of mushroom on the side, for the bit that is offered but it is still exceptionally good). Pulled pork sliders-yummy, the sriracha bbq sauce makes this dish mouth watering. You get three in total. (A more filling dish than the one described above). Braised pork belly taco-had this on my first visit a couple of months ago.  Remembered the different textures offered a good balance. The pork belly itself can be described as mild, mushy and slimy.......but in a good way (if that's possible). Shaved foie gras-hmmm- don't think I read the description adequately.  When it came out I was perplexed to say the least.  A plate of saw dust? Is that cheese?  Hmmm.  Dug in slightly afraid-picked out mandarins and bacon.  Finally got around to tasting the shredded stuff which tasted like a milder version of cheddar cheese combined with something I couldn't place.  Called over an adorable Aziz Ansari-looking waiter to ask what it was I was eating and where was the foie gras. He grinned and said the white shredded stuff was the foie gras.  It's cured and frozen and finally shredded. This dish is best ordered if you are in a larger party and each person has a bite or two.  It's not bad tasting but it isn't great either-different is the right word, definitely different. Try the Ithaca apricot wheat beer-smooth.   Looking forward to trying dessert soon. The waitress explained that their ice cream is made on the premises.   The decor is pleasant, in a sort of semi-formal Ikea-esque boring way.  More of a personal touch is needed. *After writing this review, a few days later I thought, sh*t, I forgot to mention the bacon-flavored popcorn offered before each meal.  The popcorn alone is worth going to Salt &Fat.  Glad I decided to edit my post.
