Yes Dorothy, we are not in Kansas anymore.  Yes, Dorothy, this is 11th Avenue, we are still in Manhattan.  Yes, Dorothy, your IPhone will still work on the western frontier...  Many of the reviews call this a neighborhood gem.  It is a gem...I am not so sure about the neighborhood part.  Now for the details. My wife and I were staying at the Westin on 43rd and 8th Ave. - we were looking for a late dinner that we could walk to.  After trolling around on Yelp, I settled on Print.  It was new, well reviewed, farm-to-table and only 3 blocks away.  We were not disappointed. It is the restaurant in 48Hotel - a new Krimpton property.  The decor is appropriately trendy and the crowd was a mix of young, hip, business and older (we fall into the later two categories).  The dining room is comfortably decorated, albeit a bit noisy (don't come if you want to make quiet conversation).  The service was professional and polished - our server knew the menu and had opinions (I like that).  My Manhattan was spot on. The wine list was reasonable. The food was everything it was billed to be.  Sparkling ingredients presented in a way to lets their flavors shine. (they have a professional forager on staff), The dishes use thoughtful combinations of flavors and textures that are artfully presented.  The seafood is perfectly prepared (we did not have any meat courses).  My wife had octopus - delicious.  I had the halibut.  I don't particularly like halibut, but it was that seafood main that the server recommended.  It was delicious. Our meal was so delicious, so pleasant, so relaxing....on the way out, I made a reservation for the following day at 1pm.  It is a perfect place for a business lunch.  And yes, even though it is at the Western frontier...you can always find a taxi to take you back to civilization! Note: lunch time bartender was not as skilled as the evening one.  I had to send the first Manhattan's back and was resigned to drinking the replacement despite its flaws.  To the credit of the manager - he was mortified by these events.  He personally made me a Manhattan and hovered until I approved it.  He really did care...
