Ok, so I'll decide to give my opinion on this food. I bought food from here. It was the chicken and gyro mixed with pita bread, rice and romaine lettuce. Then I asked the man to add the Tzatziki sauce, hot sauce and barbecue sauce to it. Now, I've heard numerous reviews about this food cart. People raved about it and told me to try it. The food is mediocre at best. My mother is a chef, so I'm aware of what well seasoned food should taste like. The rice had absolutely no flavor. It looked like Jasmine or Basmati rice cooked in Goya's sazon seasoning. I tasted it without the meat and the sauce. There was absolutely no flavor. The rice was too orange looking. There was barely any salt. Some chicken base should have been added to it. Next, the meat. The gyro was tastier than the chicken. It's not breast meat chicken and the beef was lamb gyro. They were okay. They didn't have any seasoning at all. You see, a lot of people forget that the sauces mask the flavors of the meat. The pita bread tasted good with the white and barbecue sauce. The pita bread and the romaine lettuce were my favorite parts of this lunch. Finally, the sauces.  The Tzatziki sauce was good. The hot sauce was too spicy and tasted similar to Tabasco sauce mixed with a bit of spices. The barbecue sauce was my favorite. The food (excluding the sauce) had an iota of seasoning and herbs. I might be seen as an anomaly, oh well. Overall, I'd rate this crap a 1 out of 5, but the pita bread and romaine lettuce saved you. I don't get the hype and I regret wasting $6 on this garbage. I threw the rest of it away. I would not frequent this place. I actually prefer the Korean Yogi food carts than the Halal Guys. I think people are followers who are unable to think for themselves. I wonder if any of the people rating this a 5 out of 5 are able to cook. When certain businesses become popular and commercialized, the quality of the food goes down. The Halal Guys are making tons of money by selling to people who don't know good food. This sh*t is overrated.  My stomach started hurting after I ate a third of the food. I just didn't like it and I'll never buy from them again. I think it's unsanitary to serve food while handling cash. Sorry HG, you just didn't do it for me.
