Let me first say that I have been to this place at least a half dozen times.  While the food is pretty good, no business is worth my patronage if they choose to treat me and my guests like garbage. The place specifically notes on it's website that Sunday brunch (actually weekend) operating hours end at 4:00pm.  I went in and requested a table today (Sunday) at 2:50pm, an hour and ten minutes before the kitchen was slated to close.  I was told there were too many people waiting and my party of two could not be seated.  I looked at the wait list and there were about six outstanding parties waiting in a restaurant that has at least eight tables.  I could understand being told the restaurant was full if my party came in at 3:45 or even 3:30, but not over an hour before closing!  When I told this to the person handling tables, she told me it wasn't personal; the restaurant was full. This is simply a gimmick that has rested on its laurels for way too long.  Once upon a time back in 2002, it may have been a great restaurant that genuinely cared about its customers.  But as the great customer reviews alongside the critical accolades and Food Network appearances came about, the management probably assumed that their food could speak for itself and it's customers should simply be thankful for the opportunity to attend and eat in this New York shrine of a brunch restaurant.  That may have worked in 1995 or even in 2006, but not in this day and age.  Just ask the owners of Tavern on the Green; that was once the highest grossing restaurant in America.  Complacency on its laurels has now transformed it into piecemeal being dissected by creditors in bankruptcy court.  I am not stating that this is the same type of place that Tavern was, but consumer-oriented businesses that rest solely on the laurels of their products are dropping like flies these days. If you want my opinion, there are way too many places in New York who make a wonderful brunch and genuinely care about their customers.  I have lost all desire to set foot in this place again.  It's not personal; I simply work too much to place my hard-earned cash in an establishment that does not value me or my guests as customers.
