This place was a knockout for me.  Very trendy, very delicious, and a great atmosphere at 11:30pm in the city. Everyone seemed to be having a great time and the whole restaurant was alive and smelled delicious. The food measured up to the same bar. I was with my Uncle, his friend, and my best friend who recently graduated college and moved up to Brooklyn.  My Uncle's friend knew exactly what he was doing and how to treat two poor college kids. We were first greeted with this amazing bubbly pink wine.  It was called Txakoli, and had to be poured from above in order to preserve the airiness of it.  It felt like drinking soda, but more indulgent and more alcoholic.  Then the food came. First-sweet peppers fried and dipped in salt. I was intimidated at first, afraid they would burn my delicate tongue. But they were sweet and salty and wonderful and I had to eat another before they all vanished. Next on the menu was toast with Jamon Serrano. LIke prosciutto, but instead of Italian it was Spanish. It was thick and rich atop of grilled pieces of crusty bread.  Just remember he rich meatiness of the jamon serrano makes my mouth water. Luckily, I didn't have time to stay hungry because our next bread dish came right out! This time a tomato spread on the toast paired with an anchovy. I've never eaten an anchovy before and I  must say, it was pretty damn good. Perhaps I enjoyed it so much because the sweetness of the freshly pureed tomatoes complimented it so well. I'm not quite sure, but regardless, it was pretty amazing. Don't hate the anchovies. Following our toasts were four oysters, one for each of us. I was thrilled with such a delectable ocean treat. At first I was intimated by oysters, but last year I was converted and now I can't get enough of them.  When you slurp them up you can almsot taste the ocean (in the most amazing way),   With a little cocktail sauce dabbed on top, its perfection. Then came my two favorites. A quail egg, delicately placed on a thick slice of chorizo atop a piece of toast (man, we were LOVIN the toast). I will now spend this time to rant a bit about the beauty of a runny egg. There is nothing more satisfying than breaking open an egg and then watching the yolk run down like a waterfall over whatever food it happens to be sitting on. In this case, the yolk danced with the spicy chorizo and was soaked up by that wonderful sourdough. The explosion of flavor was perfect, and I could have died right there a happy girl. Finally-Paella. Oh, Paealla, how I love you. The variety of indulgent seafoods and the saffron, all piled together on top of a bed of crispy rice.  Each bite is a surprise and you're always blown away by just HOW GOOD it is. My personal favorite-the mussels. I think they absorb the flavor a little better than everything else, that perhaps some of those juices collect in their bed of a shell and then make their way into my mouth. The perfect evening, very easy to socialize and we were well taken care of. I would be back here in a heartbeat.
