this a legit bar its even my favorite rilly doe after 8 they got a drink special like 4 bucks for a dales pale ale or 3 ducats for 22oz gansett WAIT WHAT??? #uheardrite hahah frites is french for french fry - eat some of them with the MAPLE SRIRACHA SAUS (if u no me u no i love sriracha saus, me and my boy Azzle (thats not his ril name) eat it all the time its not too hot b/c ive built up a tolerance using hot sauses at home - try cholupa or tamasco habanero JUST ONE THING DOE - wtf rudy's increase your BRUNCH game. gimme like all u can drink mimosas or bloody maries for like 8 ducats please U need to concoct a signature bloody mary. Put some bacon or something in there. Get it all spicy and shnit. I'd drink it. We'd all drink it. If u liking these ideas already, I might suggest something even more real: Do a bottomless mimosa deal. Talking flat-fee all you can drink. Make it like part of the menu. Oh you want a burger for 12 bucks? Make it 20 and you get mad dranks. OK so y is this the most rare of moves? Because no one in new haven does it. There is a dichotomy between lunch and breffast.we all no "brunch" really means is a heuvos rancheros added to a normal lunch meal, but you put some unlimited mimosa up on that menu? Bingo bango, brunch. Oh, a burger doesn't seem breffassy enough to you? Have a bloody mary, boom, brunch. Box 63 has no idea what they doing. I think they used to have an all you can drink special but frankly it was practical because you have to be drunk to enjoy their food. People are always like "go to the Pantry" and I'm like "no b  thats too far away and plus I told you I aint into the diner-style breffas scene." Someone telling me to go to east haven an i don't even know what that is. Just do brunch better rudy's pls. k bruh??????????????????????????????????????????????­??? #REALTALK #KNOWLEDGE call me to consult foodstar.yelp.com K LAST THING B yo i aint playing people need to stop talking bout old/new rudy's get over it this is a new place go back home cuz i no u mad hahah YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS AHAHAHAHAH also chicken avocadro sanwish is AWESOME shout out to john paule best bartender in the west
