I wanted to try the bossam but it's meant to be shared by 4 people - I was 2 short in the people department so I didn't bother ordering 1 day ahead. The place was packed so we just sat at the bar. The bartender gave us recommendations - some were considered, some were not. We tried the pork belly buns, crispy duck wings, pork sausage & fried rice cakes, duck with rice and chive pancakes and, Thai tea truffles. Crispy Duck Wings: Duck wings with sesame, long red peppers and peanuts. They're sweet and spicy at the same time. Duck wings are pretty bony so be careful. 4/5 Steamed Buns: 2 thick slices of fatty pork belly in each bun with hoisin sauce, cucumber and scallion. You can see the oil oozing out of the pork belly. Put a bit of Sriracha (not that it needs it) for an even more amazing experience. 5/5 Rotisserie Duck Over Rice: Duck scallion, white rice, ssam sauce and crispy shallot. We got a side of chive pancake for an extra $2. The duck skin was crisp and flavorful, and the meat was tender and not dry. 4/5 Spicy Pork Sausage and Rice Cakes: The bartender warned me that this dish is spicy.  I'm a big wuss when it comes to spicy food so I had my doubts but ordered it anyway. I'm so glad I did because this was the highlight of my Momofuku ssam experience sans bossam. The rice cakes were crispy and tasty. The pork sausage was not as spicy as I had anticipated - but I had to switch to eating duck after a few bites. This dish made me sweat. 5/5 Whiskey Thai Iced Tea Cake Truffles: I love dessert with Thai iced tea. I got to be honest and say I was disappointed by this. The bartender tried to talk me out of getting this but I learned my lesson the hard way. I didn't taste whiskey which is a good thing since I'm not a fan of that. But I also didn't taste Thai iced tea. This dessert tasted citrusy to me. False advertising. The bartender probably saw the disappointment on my face so he recommended that we go across the street to Momofuku Milk Bar but Chikalicious was less than a mile away from here so that's where I went after. 2/5
