I really wanted to like Crown 116 because I'm sort of a pretentious  person, so this place has my name written all over it.  Unfortunately, along with my pretension comes a desire for good service with which Crown 116 is lacking.  It's not horrible by any means, but I've had a few incidents here that give me pause before recommending it that enthusiastically.  First, after the Yale-Harvard game this year, I came here with a few friends and it took us over an hour to get seated.  Granted, it was busy--I'm sure this s one of the busiest weekends of the year--but I would really have appreciated it if the staff would have been straight with me about what the wait was going to be like.  We could have gone elsewhere.  I'm not a big fan of the "your table is just over the next hill" approach.  Second, I came here with a few friends last week and they refused to seat my entire party simply because one person couldn't present an ID.  I understand that Yale and New Haven are cracking down, but I find it a little ridiculous that a swanky place like this is joining the effort.  Further, if you don't want to let the person without an ID drink--don't let them drink!  However it seems grossly excessive to prevent an entire group from being seated just because one person can't demonstrate their age.   On to the drinks.  They're fine.  The monarch, their tea based cocktail, in particular is quite good.  Their sexed-up version of an old-fashioned also agreed with me.  They have some exceptionally girly drinks on the menu--including something called the gliterati--that I shy away from but the women that I've gone with have seemed to like (apparently they're VERY boozy).  Food is so so, but hey, you're not coming here to eat anyway, so this really shouldn't concern you too much. Atmosphere wise, 116 is attractive, even if it does give off the air that it's trying a bit too hard sometimes.  Also, I've generally been impressed by the quality of the playlists.   All in all, it's a fine place for a single drink but it's certainly too pricey to spend the whole night at and their policy on carding/service in general can be a bit tiresome.
