Delicious Mediterranean / Lebanese / Greek place in Flatiron.  The ambiance is second to none and the food is spectacular.  First off, the venue is massive.  The bar and lounge area is a great place to hang out as you wait for you entire party to arrive.  There is a lot of wood and dim lighting, which softens the straight, modern décor of the restaurant.  The cocktail list was long and varied - everything looked delicious whether you like sweet and fruity or something with a kick or old fashioned and sophisticated.  I went with their version of a bloody mary, which was quite interesting.  It wasn't tomato juice thick; quite the opposite, it was non-viscous but had a great tomato flavor.  You could taste the freshness of the tomato as well as the accompanying spices. We went shared amongst 3 girls, so we ordered 4 tapas and 1 main.  The food came out quickly and was well-paced.  The duck shawarma was utterly delectable.  Duck magret and chicken are mixed with fig jam, green onion, and garlic whip and wrapped in a cone-shaped pita.  Wow, I'm salivating just thinking about it!  The poultry was juicy and tender and the fig jam added the right hint to sweetness to a savory dish.  I usually dislike the sweet-salty combo, but ilili did it perfectly.  The portion size was rather large with 4 pieces.  The atayef and veal bacon stuffed between two buns with fig jam, pickles, and peppers was equally yummy.  I'm usually scared of bacon and soft, jiggly, fat meat, but the protein in this sandwich was neither too lean nor too fatty.  The bun was soft and the flavor so sinfully rich.  What an amazing dish.  Per other yelper's recommendations, we also got the Phoenician fries, which were pretty good, especially when dipped in garlic whip.  The fries were of the fatter, softer looking variety.  They were crispy when they came out fresh but got a little soggy over time.  The sumac and parsley added a burst of flavor to the fries, but I generally prefer crispy, skinny Cajun fries - more flavor per fry.  The beef fried kibbeh was good.  The beef wasn't spicy but very fried, looking almost like falafel.  It was a little on the drier side.  The lamb chops were the entrée dish.  It came out on the bone and was quite succulent.  It didn't have a gamey taste and instead reflected the salsa verde it was seared with.     The service was excellent, the ambiance chic, and the food amazing (especially the duck shawarma and atayef and veal bacon).  Ilili is a winner that I will be returning to soon.
