I don't normally take to Yelp to write a review unless I'm utterly blown away by a place or utterly disappointed, and while I would have given the restaurant a 4 based on their food, the way our party of 11 was handled after an error from our waitress made the restaurant lose some of its charm. We went to Uva on 11/23/13 for a friends party. We were a group of 11. We waited for a little for a table even though there was a reservation and our party was all on time, but that's no matter, It is to be expected in NYC restaurants and our wait was not terribly long. We were seated in the downstairs area which was nice and cozy and away from the crowd. When the waitress came, we asked upfront about having separate tabs. Restaurants in NYC that cannot accommodate separate tabs annoy me- Why? Because I have been both a waitress and a bartender and I know for damn sure on POS systems checks can indeed be split- and quite easily might I add. So when a restaurant is reluctant to- I know it's because they don't WANT to, not because they CAN'T. Our waitress however, agreed to split our tab because we were a group of couples. The drinks were flowing- no challenge there, but even a bread basket took awfully long to make its way to our table. The bread literally came right before the appetizers. I had the Polenta and sampled other appetizers. I loved the calamari and the shrimp skewers. In between appetizers and dinner however- the wait was long. Our reservation was for 8:30, we were seated around a quarter to/ 9-ish- we did not eat dinner until well after 10. Still- we were reasonable. But then came the check. The waitress brought us one whole check together. When a friend (the person whose birthday we were celebrating)  asked what happened to the separate checks the waitress said "I couldn't keep track of what everyone ordered." That annoyed me because if you agreed to separate our checks you should have kept track- is it that difficult to write on separate sheets of paper old school style? That's another thing I know about POS systems- you can open separate bills for seats that literally mimic the table and you can keep track of what each customer eats and drinks. It's not that difficult- and its part of what you get tipped for. Moving on- we agree to do an even split- we divided the check 10 ways (minus the bday girl), some people paid with cash, some with credit card. After running our tabs through, some members of our party left and the waitress tells us "I'm sorry I made a mistake that's not your tab you just paid someone else's bill- yours is $150 higher." WONDERFUL. Since 4 people already left. Needless to say, the birthday girl became irate and told them it was their error and we had already paid and we were not paying the new tab. Obviously members of our party disagreed with her and we tried to calm her down and rectify the mistake. The manager who came to fix the dilemma started saying things like "what do you mean you aren't paying it. You have to" when my friend pointed out that members of our party were gone she said "only 4 people left". That's nice lady- but we had already split the check so the extra charge fell on the people who remained. To make matters worse, being compliant, we agreed to have the restaurant reverse the previous charge and recharge the higher bill. Except they did not. I was charged twice. They never credited back the money from the incorrect charge. A dinner that was $120 cost my husband and I $240. I had to call my bank the next day and have them reverse the pending charge but I still have to call the restaurant and have them fix it on their end. And all because the waitress could not figure out how to keep track of peoples tabs. I worked for many years in the hospitality industry. The customer is never wrong. I have dealt with snobby, nasty people who were downright wrong and marveled at the service my managers provided. "Sorry for our error- here's a round of drinks on us", "or you know what, we will take that off the check." It was the waitresses mistake- they should have done something to accommodate us after their error. Something to reverse the bad taste their service left in our mouth. We live in 2013- people go out in groups...people pay with credit cards...your registers are touch screens...figure out how to split a damn check already. Also- figure out how to reverse a bad charge. I did it all the time and I did it immediately when I bartended. Takes two seconds. I also rectified any errors I ever made with a smile on my face, an apology, and an incentive to make the customer return despite my guffaw- we received neither of the three at Uva.
