My husband took a day trip out to Philadelphia, PA. We're from CA, but since we're temporarily living here in DC, taking a trip out to have a REAL "cheesesteak" was a MUST. I have to say I was scared away from going to Pat & Geno's. Not only do I read that they're rude and intimidating, but I've actually seen it on travel shows too! I spent hours researching what the "proper lingo" was and all this...trying to figure out the proper way of ordering so we could try these infamous cheesesteaks. So in the midst of researching, I stumbled on Delassandro's as one of Yelp's highest rated. I read here that someone said they were friendly with newbies. And they are! We had de-virginized our tastebuds with these cheesesteaks. I'm happy that we had our first here. We had a GREAT experience. So why the 3 stars?? Meh, because my husband and I were expecting these Philadelphia Cheesesteaks to be OUT-OF-THIS-WORLD in taste. It was alright. The 3 stars is just because the food aspect. We ordered a prov with onions, and a whiz with onions. Upon arriving, the waitress was VERY sweet. I told her we had never had an authentic cheesesteak and weren't sure how to order. She walked us through step by step,--with a SMILE! :) She then told us that her waitress would take great care of us. And she did! Just like Jim H. says, they really do treat you like FAMILY. I felt like they were so sweet I was just so happy to be there. Our waitress comes by and sets up a big line of chile peppers and garnishes for us to try. She goes through each one with a brief about them. We loved their selection of drinks too. Though we opted out for any alcohol, we were thoroughly impressed by their massive selection of beers and beverages. Its wonderful. The cheesesteak was definitely finely chopped. It was tender to the bite. I expected more cheese, but that's okay. I found the bread to be a little soggy. Make that a lot soggy. Maybe that's the norm? Remember, we're newbies. I just expected some crusty bread for some reason. The steak was alright. I also expected more flavor. The good thing is that it wasn't greasy.   I love that we caught them on a good hour. At 3:30PM on a Monday, we were shocked to be only the second party of customers. At about 4:30PM, the line started piling up out the door. The workers here are REALLY great people. They are just so sweet. They really strive to make sure you're taken care of. Imagine the hospitality you would appreciate after a long day on a road trip.. You can get that there everyday I assume. **Parking was easy to find too! We parked along that residential street. Plenty available at the right time of day. :) We had a GREAT experience here as newbies. We're not crazy for the food, but that's okay. :) I would still recommend it to cheesesteak fanatics. Its not my expertise.
