Cannot say enough great things about Jones - it's absolutely a staple visit ANYTIME I'm in Philly. Let me say this before getting into my review, my sister and I have been to Jones at least 3 times, and will continue going there every time we visit Philly (which is several times a year), however, we've only been there for BRUNCH, so that is what I am purely basing my review on. Never done dinner or lunch, just because brunch is a given at Jones and there are so many other great restaurants in Philly we have yet to try! As I mentioned previously, my sister and I make frequent trips to Philly throughout the year. You could call us Philly fanatics ;-) Anyways, last July, we were in Philly looking for a good place for brunch. The concierge at the Sheraton recommended Jones on Chestnut - and we have been eternally grateful he did! The brunch is absolutely among the best brunches I've had anywhere. I'm from DC, I go to great restaurants all the time and I travel a lot for work, so I pride myself on visiting great local restaurants. And brunch is my favorite meal, so I hope my review will be helpful to you all! The two best things on the brunch menu, in my humble opinion, is the feta omelette and the BMW pancakes. Now here's what my sis and I do: She orders the Feta/Spinach/Tomato omelette and adds onions (cause we both love onions), and I order the BMW pancakes, except we make them waffles instead of the pancakes. I got the pancakes the first time and they are SO huge. Really, it's too much food for 3 people - one pancake could easily fill up ONE person. So we swap the 'cakes for the belgian waffle, but keep the bananas, walnuts and maple syrup (hence BMW) - oh, and whip too! Then we split the waffle and the omelette between the two of us. But perhaps my FAVORITE item is the utterly delicious tater tots that come with the omelette. These are not your grade school cafeteria's tots! These are perfectly fried, crispy, crunchy, salty morsels of potato goodness! Amazing. Lastly, the coffee and the mimosas. We always split the mimosa flight which have 1 regular mimosa, 1 blood orange and 1 guava mimosa - divine! The coffee is not my favorite, I'll be honest. It's VERY strong - stronger than Starbucks in my opinion, so if you don't like strong coffee, just ask for it with a little hot water. The staff is always helpful and friendly - they wear cute Lacoste polo shirts. The ambiance is rustic-chic, but family friendly too. Love the fireplace and the cityscape night-lights at each table. All in all, a great place, one of my favorite parts of visiting Philly - keep up the great work Jones!!
