Nope nope nope. I went to Chavela's for dinner on a Sunday with my girlfriend. We sat at the bar since that meant no wait. After about 5 minutes the bartender - who would have been cute if he hadn't ended up being so bad at his job (wait for it) -  came over and we ordered drinks and food. We ordered: - a glass of wine - a handmade margarita - chips and guac - empinadas as an appetizer - a torta as an entree - chicken enchilada's with molé as an entree It took almost 15 minutes for our drinks to come even though we were sitting at the bar, but they brought the chips and guac shortly thereafter so I wasn't too annoyed. (side note: the chips are cool - they are literally just fried round tortillas - but the guac was too creamy for my taste. Just a personal preference). Next they brought the enchiladas and the other appetizer, the empanadas. Except that my entree was the opposite of what ordered: cheese with verde instead of chicken with molé. I pointed out the mistake, the increasingly-less-cute bartender apologized, and the enchiladas were taken away. We worked on the empanadas and assumed the torta would arrive with the correct enchiladas. A few minutes later I got new enchiladas (which were the correct kind and were really delicious) but there was still no sign of the a torta. After another 10 minutes or so and no more food we assumed it wash't coming, decided we didn't want it, and shared the enchiladas and remaining empanadas. We finished our food, worked on our drinks, and settled into post-dinner mode. We even started talking about ordering some dessert because we'd heard that the rice pudding is really good. We never got the chance. A full 35 minutes after bringing out the enchiladas and 10 minutes after clearing all of our plates away, they finally brought out the torta. We explained that we no longer wanted it since it had been brought out way too late and we just wanted to finish our drinks and get some dessert. The bus buy/waiter seemed pissed. At that point the no-longer-cute-at-all bartender gave us our bill without prompting and without asking if we wanted desert. We paid it, left, and went home to make a blueberry pie which was probably way better than their rice pudding anyway. I'm never coming back. TL;DR: It took a long time to get drinks, then they sent out the wrong entree, then they totally forgot about the second entree until we had already finished eating, then they hustled out out like we were being troublesome for pointing out that they had messed up our order twice in one meal. If they do takeout go for it, but I don't trust their staff for dine-in or delivery.
