Love, love, love, love. There's nothing I didn't love about this place other than there's not a second location in New York City [hint, hint]. The food was decadent, the atmosphere was sophisticated, and the price was just right. When you walk in you're immediately struck by the classic and old time-y feel of the restaurant. The background music is straight out of New Orleans and I loved the black and white movie playing on the TV over the bar. We had a reservation for a Sunday night, but honestly I don't think its necessary. We were seated right away even though there were several large parties already dining. DRINKS: I started off with the High Tea [$10] which is made with gin and milk [the primary flavors that come through in this drink]. It was certainly an interesting combination. I'm not sure that the flavors really worked together. Anise was used as the garnish and really overwhelmed me. Whenever I would sip the drink I would inhale it and it was totally overkill. Perhaps some powdered anise would have been better rather than a whole one [it was pretty though]. FOOD: The Crawfish Pot Pie [$9] was the most incredible thing I have put in my mouth the whole weekend I was in Philly. This was my first time eating crawfish and if this is what I have to look forward to, I will be eating it many times over. The pie crust was so tender and flakey while the crawfish was succulent, especially in that spicy cheese sauce which I wanted to slurp from the plate. Even though it's an appetizer, it can certainly pass as an entree. Pork Hash [$22] while excellent in it's own right, could not live up to the amazingness of the crawfish pot pie. I enjoyed the poached egg on top, which added an extra layer of flavor once you burst it open on top of the hash and mix it with the rice and pork. Sweet Potato Panna Cotta [$7]: I was incredibly full at this point in the meal but I'm so glad I found room for this positively exquisite dessert. It was like a crisp autumn day  on a plate! The cinnamon cookie crumble tasted just like a graham cracker and the cranberry preserves countered the savoriness of the panna cotta. Together, it was the perfect balance of flavors. Overall, I paid about $50, including tax and tip. Man, I wish I could eat here more often.
