Well I should start by saying that initially this was one of my favorite restaurants. They have a great menu and it's perfect location to my apt. However, after failing miserably the last two times I've been in I had to write a review. First, on NYE my husband calls and asks to make a reservation,the guy answering tells him we are not taking reservations just come in. We arrive 20 minutes after the call and needless to say we are told at the door we are reservation only this evening, but"they will try to work us in." Surprisingly enough within 15 min we were able to have seat. Food was great, service was poor! Unfortunately, we decided to go back for valentines day because we has friends visiting from out of state. Again, we call to make a reservation and without problems make one for 8pm. Arrive at 7:55, was told we are little early so it will be a few minutes. 8:15 rolls around and a woman who seems like she owns or manages the place comes and asks if she can get us a drink because it will be just a few more minutes. So we order a beer, it's now 8:30 and have yet to be seated but it's looking promising because people are leaving. At 8:38 we are finally seated next to the bar where other people are sitting facing our direction. This wouldn't usually be a problem but his knees were less than 3" away from my friend. Okay, let's be positive and get cozy! My husband at this point cannot stop apologizing because we are so embarrassed for bragging on this place. Let's get down to our food because it's always amazing! We order calamari to start and it was as usually fantastic. Order our food 5 min after sitting down and they guys enjoy a few drinks while we wait for the food. And then we wait, and wait ,and wait some more! At some point a waiter should come by and refill water but that too was hard to come by. Thankfully after ordering our food arrives 55 min later! Woo thank god because I had not eaten all day. We ordered pork chops, the salt and pepper steak with bleu cheese sauce and some weird whole fish. My husbands steak did not disappoint, nor did the weird fish thing. But unfortunately this place does not have follow through power, my pork chop was so ridiculously over cooked I had to get up and get a knife. Oh but then I still had saw through the damn thing, if it wasn't for the sauce this thing would have been uneatable. My husband asks why I didn't send it back, and I really should have but literally after being there for two hours and starving I just dealt with it. At the end of our meal we were asked how it was and I told them the pork chop was way over cooked she apologized and turned around to what seemed like a cook and told her about it, all they has to stay was"huh, that doesn't usually happen". Unfortunately Cheryl's we will not be back, and we are sad to see you fall in with all the horribly ran restaurants in NYC, this was literally the worst food service experience I've ever had.
