i am short of words to recount how great of a dining experience Nanzhou was. As most restaurants in chinatown the exterior or the interior is nothing fancy, but as soon as u enter through the doors a tantalizing aroma hits you , and u are salivating already. No matter what time you get here it would be pretty busy ( you'll pretty soon figure out why ), if u make it up to the communal table gear up for some good conversation and lot of food gorging. The service is pretty efficient , ur kettle of green tea is on the table as soon as u sit, ur food comes out in less than 2-3 minutes flat, ur chopsticks , soup spoon and condiments are pretty well laid out, so all u need to think about is the food. Just a heads up , while dining u might hear some THUMPS and THUDS from the kitchen, dont worry its not Jack Bauer trying to get Info "24" style, but just a dude getting the dough ready for the Noodles. A testament that the noodles are as fresh as one can get. This is one of the places where i could close my eyes and place my  hand on the menu and not be disappointed at what i get. So depending on how much of a Culinary adventure u want , the option varies frm beef brisket, to ox stomach , OxTails, Lamb to Pork Ears. As for me after some Spiced Beef Tripes and Pork ears, had my first Oxtail Soup. The broth was very flavorful, the noodles were gr8 and meat was tender, a deadly trio there. There are a bunch of condiments on the table, use them , there is the spicy peppercorn , Fish Oil ,Vinegar , Sriracha. Get the Witch doctor in you to shine to create a concoction with these in the small side plate to go with the Noodles, cos u can really nail the exact flavor u are craving for. In a matter of minutes my bowl of soup was wiped off all its contents, they had to fight me off to take the bowl to stop me from eating the bones.When the check comes to the table you are saddened that this experience is about to end, but one hopes that they see many more of NanZhou visits. They accept only cash , but at this point even if they asked for my limbs as payment I would happily do so :) In summary if you are still reading this review and not made ur way to Nanzhou yet , just drop everything on ur calender and get here ASAP , ur palates can thank me later. Cheers
