Foie gras jelly donuts: 2 of my favorite things, combine them and you def got my business!!! We started with 2 orders to share and I ordered another one towards the end as dessert :) -yeah, I was a happy camper!! Pond wings: Those were some gigantic frogs!!! Love the spicy dr. Pepper sauce with it-not too crazy with the cucumber relish? Grilled squid: It was my least favorite, only because I had better elsewhere. Nippon nachos: Dumplings are a bit tasteless on its on, but with the cheese and salsa-it was great. Love the creativity of this dish, using dumplings instead of nacho chips. Chicken waffles: Chicken is generally my least favorite protein, but this chicken I really liked it a lot!!! Maybe it was the jerk spice, or the tenderness and moist chicken, or the crispy waffles, or the blanched spinach, or the pineapple maple syrup--or maybe it was the combination of all that made me liked it so much!! (Actually, all of us liked it). Pork chop: I was skeptical when ordering this dish, only because not too many places can make it to be so tender and moist!! And with the Vietnamese inspired sauce, it was a great dish. However, the skin on the Vietnamese summer roll was too dry and chewy. Fish & chips: Almost every table had one, so how can we not? Fish was fresh and fried perfectly!!! I normally think it's a waste to fry fresh fish since it does taste better steam or seared when fresh. (Fish is fresh because: a) the meat on it is not mushed, b) meat is not dried up, when fried-it'll be like wood-y-ish). The yuzu salsa definitely lighten up this dish!! Another plus for creativity. Basa-nova: This dish was complimented, because it was mistakenly dropped on our table. Boy, it was the best mistake they made!!! We enjoyed the catfish so much. Meaty, firm but not tough. The fried chickpeas was excellent with the seaweed salad. Desserts: They don't have desserts!! Which is fine by me. Don't get me wrong, I love desserts and  I do have a sweet tooth. But it doesn't seem like it's their strong suit. So, I appreciate them not serving it than to push mediocre dessert and I'll be disappointed. Service and staffs: Our server was great, considering she was a bit overwhelmed. She still manage to smile and comments.  And the rest of the staffs are very nice. Atmosphere: We sat outside, it was a great night to do so. Warm with cool breeze, tasty food with great companies. Can't beat that!! Plus, the other customers are nice and friendly. Price: The price might be a bit much, especially for the neighborhood. But hey, all good things have a price. I rather pay to have good food, rather than mediocre food-either way, you're paying for it !! Conclusion: all of us enjoyed the food, atmosphere, and people. We had a great night!! ....and quote from the terminator "I'll be back"
