Ichabod mother effing crane. Who knew a restaurant named after the character from the legend of sleepy hollow could be so banging. He really puts the legend in this restraurant review. Friday night, was pretty pumped for this dinner with the 3 unit ( + katie), heard it was good from a non foodie friend so had no real expectations. Background: Its also a mixology bar. Bartender whips up creative cocktails based on ingredients you love. Ive been before for drinks, which were awesome, but who knew the food was going to be this good. We were 4 people and here is the run down: 1. Oysters = oysters. I'm not saying they were the best oysters I've ever had, but I'm not saying they were the worst. 2. Kale Cesear- delicious. Dressing was evenly dispersed throughout the multi colored kale. I wish this was on seamless because Id definitly add it to the lunch repoitoire. 3. Squash Dumplings- ONE OF THE BEST THINGS IVE EVER EATEN. these puppies were served in a brown butter sauce wiht just the right amount of cinnamon. I love you squash dumpling. 4. Mushrooms on Toast- The bread was perfectly crunchy and the amount of mushrooms was enough to feed a small family and I aint complaining since mushrooms are in my top 5 favorite foods. This toast was on par with the avocado toast from cafe gitane in terms of awesomeness. 5. Pork spare ribs- yes, you should get these even though its friday night and they are messy and your going out but YOLO. 6. Tuna Tartare- served with awesome chips. Nothing to write home about but was good. 7. We probably should have stopped here but continued onto the 8. Burrata- Would be in my top burratas I ever ate. Served with this bread and this honey and these thinly sliced apples. Yea, these rocked. 9. Bok Choy- was the vegetable of the day. Im a sucker for bok choy. Was pretty spot on if your in the mood for bok choy. 10. Cranes burger, split 4 ways- it was almost like we each got a slider, and some fries. Honestly, this burger needs to be reviewed by a burger connoisseur because I thought it was dope. 11. We are Fat 12.  We did it for the instagram Salted pretzel Ice cream sundae with a burnt marshmallow topping. No words This meal put me in a great mood. I forgot to mention the 3 custom cocktails I had that were all AWESOME. I told the waitress I liked blackberries and siracha and got a muddled strawberry drink- confusing, yes. delicious, yes. GO HERE!! its under the radar, they care about the customer, the staff is awesome and the food was dank. LOVE LOVE LOVE. need to go back asap.
