The classy adult woman in me loves a fabulous brunch complete with a strong mimosa.  My inner fat kid adores an excessive brunch buffet that provides M&Ms as a topping for freshly made waffles.  And while The Office may not score in the top tier of the first one, they more than make up for it in the second one. In all fairness, The Office is not just a brunch spot.  I used to hit up this bar when I was in college and it remains nearly the same as it was a few years ago. (I'm not divulging just how many years ago.)  The evening crowd's biggest percentage is made up of college students from the local university.  This actually is not as bad as it sounds as the bar is pretty good about checking IDs.  You won't find a slew of 18 year old college freshman trying to get served here. The drinks are strong and reasonably priced.  The bartenders are efficient and usually are able to knock out any drink you ask for, even if it seems a little obscure.  They either study well or keep a great drink tome under the counter.  I could do without most of their dinner food.  It is absolutely below average, other than the wings which are good but not outstanding. On Sundays, The Office hosts a brunch buffet until 2pm.  They keep a great mix of food, from bacon and eggs to a carving station to a chef preparing on the spot waffles in the iron.  And a bowl of M&Ms to put on said waffles.  Sure, there's an array of other toppings but I believe it is traditional to place a single M&M in each waffle slot.  Is that just me? Besides the waffles, no one particular item of the brunch buffet truly stands out.  Each dish is largely very average, but I am a sucker for being able to have a bite of everything.  I would avoid the chocolate fountain in the dessert section, however.  It looks spectacularly appealing, complete with a variety of tooth-picked fruits and pastries to dip in it, but it is constantly cold and the chocolate is not good enough to want to eat at the improper temperature. If you're a brunch lover (but not a cuisine snob), I would recommend hitting up the brunch and stuffing yourself semi-silly.  Just beware.  Parking here can be a huge pain in the keister.  There is a lot directly across the street, but it is full more often than not.  Street parking is available but isn't always easy to find.
