So I went here a little over a month ago with my friend for dinner. It was a Tuesday night, and when we went upstairs (2F) in the dining section, there was NO ONE... oh? This restaurant's my friend's favorite place (my 1st try), and I thought it would be busy... but I was completely taken aback by that. Anyway, the waiter... certainly he was an interesting person. First of all, he was friendly and attentive enough, but I caught him about 10 ft away behind the counter eating some strong-smelling food, which wasn't that pleasant. At one point, he was getting into our conversation because I was talking about "not getting into trouble" because I'm underage and won't take a drink my friend offered. It was weird... he was like, "You don't want any trouble, do yaaaa?" Ummm. Yeah. Anyways, let's get to food.... mixed mixed mixed! Beef Teriyaki- Oh my horrible! The beef was so... hard, dry, and yucky, I didn't know what to do with that. I usually finish what I eat, but that was the one time I did not. I do not recommend that at all. Sushi Deluxe- pretty good.. nice color, fresh, right amount of rice, everything was good.. a bit pricy though for what you get. Washington- I don't know.. we were willing to try something else, so we asked the waiter for some recommendation and this was it. Actually, this was the best selection of the night. I had no idea what it was, but oh my....... GOODNESS that thing was delicious. Spicy, right amount of sauce on the soba with the avocado... it was just.. amazing. I would go back to Fuji Mountain just for that. drinks? of course, I had a drink, which was lemon soju. It was average; a bit more soju to the ratio would have been better, in my opinion. My friend treated me to this dinner, so I don't remember how much exactly, but I think it came out to something close to 100 dollars for us two... that's pretty... high for what I got. Overall, the taste doesn't quite match up to the pricy menu. If you want to try some creative selections on the roll menu, I recommend that!
