Thank you fellow Yelpers in helping us find a good ramen shop in Philly! ATMOSPHERE: Contemporary Asian decor. Clean and newer looking shop. Counter & table seating. FOOD: Gyoza - 5 pieces of pork & veggie dumplings fried to perfection, with a delicious dipping sauce. Mini Tokyo fried chicken curry - What a great deal at only $2! Small bowl of rice topped with the crispy chicken & curry gravy. Delish! I wasn't a curry fan but my taste buds are a-changin'! Mayu ramen - When I ordered this, both the chef & server acted surprised and asked me if I've ever had ramen before, and told me what the broth was made of and that its the same broth that's in the Terakawa signature ramen but a step above it. Come on now, what Asian do you know who hasn't eaten ramen? I know they meant well. I just said yes and that I was sure that's what I wanted. Ok, the broth is made from a pork bone base so the color is a milky brown but they also add in mayu which they tout as a dark roasted leek & crushed garlic oil mixture, which adds a layer of black oil seasoning that floats at the top. The broth is mild in flavor and is very rich and filling. Some reviewers mistake it as bland but I don't think it's meant to be an overpowering flavor. The toppings of char siu, red ginger, mushrooms, scallions, and egg all compliment the broth nicely. I've never had anything like this so I'm glad I tried it. It's definitely not for the average ramen eater - you've got to be a fan. Tan tan ramen - My partner added a hard boiled egg to his dish. I tasted the broth only. It's a bit sweet for a tan tan base and not spicy. I've had a better version at Goma Tei in Honolulu which is spicier. SERVICE: Walked in at 3pm on a Monday afternoon and got seated immediately as the place was empty. Our female server was very friendly but disappeared after our order was taken. Someone else brought over our food. She didn't check on us or refill our waters. The chef was very engaging and cared about what his customers were eating as he consulted with us while ordering. OVERALL: Nice & clean ramen shop in Philly's Chinatown with great food and average prices. Definitely a come back spot!
