In short, the food shined, the service was lacking. Ambiance: rustic and warm. This isn't one of those restaurants that people went to see and be seen, despite all the publicity. The dining felt intimate, and would be an equally great spot to catch up with friends or bring a date. Service: This was my main qualm. I was almost going to give it three stars because while the service was polite, it was far from what you would expect to receive at a top restaurant. The server came over exactly three times- once to take the drinks order, dinner order and to bring us the check. He didn't come over once to ask us how the food was or if we needed anything additional. Left a very bad taste in my mouth indeed. However, the supporting staff didn't miss a beat which was somewhat redeeming- water glasses were kept full, the table wiped clean, silver wear changed between courses. In short, don't come here looking for spectacular service. I noticed a family enjoying their meal besides us and clearly the matriarch was displeased with her duck course. Said absentee server had to be flagged down to bring the plate back to the kitchen and in my estimation should have returned to ask how she was enjoying the pork entree replacement. He didn't. She wasn't smiling. I doubt he received a good tip. Onto the main event- the food. I had the following dishes: Sheep's' Milk Ricotta with sea salt and herbs- meant to be enjoyed as a crostini. The bread was sliced thin, perfectly crisp and seasoned with crushed pepper- big fan. The ricotta itself was smooth and creamy, yet light in texture. Served with olive oil and herbs. I thought the dish was successful but felt that the serving size was almost too large (probably better for a table of 4 rather than 2). Ideally a dish leaves you wanting more (lick the plate good) but there is only so much ricotta you can eat at one time. Between two ladies, half of the dish was untouched. I would also comment that I felt that the seasoning was on the light side. The creaminess of the cheese could have been better punctuated by slightly more salt at the very least and the herbs were barely noticeable (I tried to dissect what the component herbs were but failed). Blue Crab with jalapeños and tomato- Absolutely DELICIOUS. I would return and order to servings of this crostini. An amazing play of textures. Crab was served warm (pleasant surprise) and lightly seasoned so that the flavor and texture shone, accented by thin slices of cucumber and jalapeno. I was expecting the jalapeno to overpower the delicate texture and flavor crab but it was an excellent complement- lending a coolness and crunch along with the "bite" of the pepper. I was literally savoring each bite, it was absolute heaven. Easily the highlight of the meal. Penne Rigate with lamb bolognese, ricotta and mint- I wasn't impressed with my pasta course in terms of texture and flavor. It was very ordinary and doesn't compare to Scarpetta or Convivio, although the price point was about $10 less. First observation is that the pasta wasn't cooked exactly al dente, which is a huge fail right there. The lamb bolognese wasn't as "meaty" or hearty as I would expect for a lamb based bolognese. The tomato sauce didn't fare much better in my estimation- acidity was on point but lacked depth. A dollop of sheep's milk ricotta was meant to cut into the acidity of the sauce but it felt like a random afterthought. If anything, it felt like there were too many "lamb/sheep" components in the mix. However, I did enjoy the mint in the dish- initial thought was that it had a somewhat Moroccan flavor profile, and it did help draw out the flavor of the lamb. In general would stay away from the pasta from what I experienced. Special- Halibut with roasted artichokes and fingerling potatoes- The fish was perfectly cooked, flaky and moist, and the right sear to the top. Complemented with a pickled relish crust which I couldn't quite figure out. Not sure what was used as the base for the relish- at first bite you get the sweetness and tartness of the brine, followed by an odd kick at the end. In any case it was delicious. Served with roasted artichokes, fingerling potatoes, and an olive based sauce that complemented the flavors of the fish well. Overall the dish was tasty but not exactly a highlight. Lemon Tart buttermilk gelato, limoncello granita- Had read that this was a must try. I'm a big fan of lemon tarts and gleefully report that it didn't disappoint. Hats off to Karen deMasco! The texture was smooth and velvety and the crust dense with just the right amount of salt to complement the filling which beautifully balanced the sweet and tangy profiles. For about $100 a head (two crostinis shared, pasta, secondi and dolce, 1 glass of wine and coffee), a delicious "value."
