Went with a part of four on Saturday at noon, not exactly brunch not exactly lunch The decor of this place is pretty tacky, while the menu and website has a rustic feel, the furniture and wall pieces are trying to look new york-ish, but failing miserably, and fall somewhere in between a faux-nice place, and just a mess. The staff: well, this is where the problems begin. All of the staff seem to have a stuck up disposition about them; again, you are not in new york. We got a table at 12:30 but took forever to have someone acknowledge that we were at a table, and thirsty, and hungry. after flagging one waitress down, she seemed appalled that we would ask HER to help us, and not our waitress when we finally ordered, and got a salmon flatbread as a starter, the waitress then came back and informed us that it was no longer available, but we could get a cinnamon bun... ummm, no thank you. and then we waited...... and waited.... (oh, and thank you for serving me my 'fare mary' with a piece of bacon on top of it.. i don't eat meat) finally one in our party got a the breakfast omelet, and another got the baked bananas (with plain yogurt on it... meh) [besides the fact that it should have came out before everything else, about 40 minutes earlier) , but the rest of us sat around waiting for our food so then we got 2 more plates, but the person who got baked bananas also got an eggs florentine which still didnt come out i got the fish tacos: dry, no flavored, served on a plate with beans and rice.. i don't recommend it the breakfast burrito: forgettable, eggs florentine: not bad, the salad dry and disposable the best part of the meal was the tuna melt, served open face with guacamole (i was a doubter, but actually great combo!) ultimately, we were still pretty hungry, had spent way too much time, and what was supposed to be a nice saturday (birthday) brunch, was something we would all rather forget. no, i will not be coming back. get it together fare. get your sassy waitresses in order, and tell that one girl to not wear ugly gold space boots. get someone to work the front of house, to pick up my credit card when i just want to leave. someone to check in on us when we are waiting for our food, and to assure us that it is coming.
