Rating 3.5 stars I called for a reservation at 11am and someone picked up the phone and then hung up.  I thought maybe they had slipped and hung up by accident so I called again and someone answered but sounded like she didn't want to pick up the phone and said that they're not open yet and that I should call at noon.  Was it a slip? I wasn't as convinced anymore.  So I called again after noon and the hostess told me the only time slot she had open that day for a party of 2 was 6:15.  I said I'll take it!  She then proceeded to tell me that they'll only hold the table for 15 minutes and that all parties must be present.  Oh yea and the table has to be given up at 8:30 for another reservation.  I told her that it was more than enough time for us but I kept thinking "wow, is this place really that high in demand?"  Apparently it is.  My friend was waiting for me and saw ppl got turned away.  Tia Pol is a very small restaurant with bar tables in the front, a large bar table in the back that can fit maybe 6 people and long community tables in the back room that seat about 8 each.  So it's somewhat understandable that a small but popular place can turn away people. When we got there, we first looked at the drink list and were a little taken away with all the names.  It was hard to tell what we wanted to get so we asked our waiter for a suggestion.  He recommended the sangria.  I cringed a little bit b/c I had read a review on here saying that it was only ok but I thought I'd give it a try anyways b/c sangria is a favorite of mine.  We ordered two red sangrias ($6/glass).  They weren't as bad as another review lead me to believe.  It was actually sweeter than most I've tasted. We also asked the waiter to recommend a couple of dishes.  We ended up getting the lamb skewers, the mussels special, chickpeas and fish.  The chickpeas came out first.  They were fried and smelled kind of like the nut carts on the street but when you bit into them they were like eating potatoes.  The mussels were really good.  They were made in a tomato sauce with onions and it was a little spicy.  They also gave us some bread for the sauce.  The fish was not at all what we expected. The waiter described it as popcorn shrimp.  I guess that should have tipped us off.  It looked more like shrimp bait that was fried.  I was a little turned off by the heads of the shrimp so after I ate one, I chopped off the heads on the rest.  It wasn't bad.. it wasn't what I expected.  The lamb skewers was probably the best dish.  You get a choice between 2 ($6) or 4 ($12).  We chose only 2 since my friend isn't a big fan of lamb but I really liked it.  They were incredibly tender and juicy. mmm... I think I would definitely go back for more of the meat dishes that my friend didn't want to try.  Both of us did end up with bad stomach aches when we got home so I'm not sure what that was about.  Either the alcohol or food.  It's hard to tell.
