Signed up for a Yelp account just to post this review! We recently celebrated a good friend's birthday here (group of 5 girls). First and foremost, the food, drink selection, and atmosphere were fantastic. Only critique on the food is that everything had a good amount of spice - potentially too spicy for some palates. We split the spiced nuts and deviled eggs as an appetizer - all delicious! I ordered the daily campur, which was perfectly portioned and allowed me to taste multiple things on the menu. Other items ordered were the fish curry, crispy chicken, coconut milk braised beed, and chicken wings. Some found their dishes to be too spicy, but satisfying overall. We also all split a bottle of Pinot Noir, which was a nice touch. After we finished our meal and dinner drinks, our experience took a turn for the worse. Like I said, we were celebrating a birthday. We decided to open gifts before dessert. When we initially arrived, the restaurant was quite empty (one or two other tables), but had grown to a good crowd by gift-opening time. We were all laughing, clapping, and admittedly, the birthday girl was yelling for joy as the gifts were revealed. It was at this point where another waiter (not ours, as he was delightful) came over and interrupted our celebration to say, "Don't mean to rain on your parade, but you need to stop yelling!" He then promptly walked away. Normally, if someone were to PULL ONE OF US ASIDE and mention this in a discreet manor NOT IN FRONT OF THE BIRTHDAY GIRL, we would have been able to address the issue to the birthday girl as friends. However, his tone was so rude and B?#@%Y that it left us feeling uncomfortable and embarrassed. At this point, the birthday girl excused herself to the restroom as she was noticeably upset after the shameful shushing. Thankfully, our waiter was able to get in some surprise dessert orders when she was away. HOWEVER, as he brought everything over, the "shusher" was responsible for the cake with the candle. IT BLEW OUT AS HE WALKED OVER. Our waiter had no idea and set the other desserts on the table. Bummer. The "shusher" walked back, full of attiude, with a glass over the candle (as he should have done in the first place!). We were so put-off at that point, that we didn't even feel comfortable to proudly sing "Happy Birthday". As expected, the dessert was also delicious. We all split the ice cream trio, the coconut creme brûlée, and the chocolate tart. When leaving, I made a point to say something to our waiter, as I didn't think he was aware of the comment his co-worker made to our table. He genuinely apologized, but that was it. Would love to return, but the service (from the one individual in particular) has left a bad taste in my mouth. Also would have loved to give this place a 4-5 star review because of the food and ambiance, but I just can't justify that after the awkward situation we experienced.
