This place was pretty good when you finally got the pizza, but the question should be... was it worth it? I'm still not sure.. I think that after you walk across the Brooklyn Bridge from downtown on an empty stomach in the heat and then manage to find the place and wait in line out front in the heat for almost an hour... anything would be good served in Air-conditioning and serving you a cold drink to go with it. Once you finally get in the joint, it's CASH ONLY!!! LOL.. Watching the people see this after their trek to see that they had no cash, was more than interesting.. they pack you in the place, sit you at a table with others.. so, if you sit 2 people at a table of 4, go to the restroom first, otherwise, you're trapped in the chair.. The waiters are not very attentive and that is being kind- they barely wait on you or come by, imagine Tony Soprano's gang pissed off because they're slinging pizza in a dark dingy joint... hmm...or I think our waiter resembled the Italian kid friend from the show, "The Wonder Years".. I'd be more specific had he come back by to ask us how the food was or if we needed refills, another drink or something, but he didn't.   The reason you wait so long outside is that the service bites.. they all get your order, never come back, then.. you sit there and have to wave someone down for your bill and remember.. It's CASH ONLY.. so, if you need change.. you'll sit there a long time to get that.. the table behind us sat there the entire time we got seated, ate and were trying to get our check to get their change.. yes, that is part of the dilemma with the wait outside.. Thankfully, I had cash and some singles to leave it after only waiting about 15 minutes to get anyone's attention to find the waiter for the ticket.. then, he never came back.. who thought he would? There were 2 of us, we ordered the regular/small pizza and drinks.. it was only $24 or something.. the pizza was big, we didn't finish all of it.. others next to us with 2 people got the normal size and it was HUGE.. I guess if you want to take it with you, it's worth it, but who in the hell is going to carry a huge pizza box back across the bridge commuting where ever in the heat?? .. I will tell you who.. Tourists.. yes, I witnessed it.. and it was 98degrees outside and they were hauling it back over the Brooklyn Bridge with them.. Maneuvering through NYC is hard enough, let alone having to do it with a large pizza box.. to each their own.. My only reason for going through this experience was because my mom was visiting and had seen it on Food Network or something and had asked to go. The Pizza- it's big, hot, piping hot, gooey, crispy thing crust and topped with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes and we added garlic, mushrooms, pepperoni.. it was good. However, a few days later, we went to Patsy's Pizza in Midtown.. No wait, walked right in, A/C, good service and guess what? The pizza was just as good.. so, I wouldn't rush back over to do that again, when I can get the same/better closer.
