My mom and I came here on a whim for brunch and we had a pretty disappointing experience.  Nothing horrible happened (which is why I will still give it two stars) but the overall experience was pretty pathetic. After strolling around the area, this spot was the first that wasn't a chain.  I hate wasting my money a stupid chain restaurants when I can pay the same amount at a more unique place like this.  The menu posted on the outside looked yummy and despite no one being in the restaurant we still decided to eat here. The waitress saw us and said we could sit wherever we wanted.  I'm sure she didn't mean it in such a harsh way but she could have be a bit more warm.  As in, "would you like a table or a booth?"  It sounds better than, "I don't care where you go." They have a $30 pre-fixe brunch with one entree and unlimited brunch drinks.  I, at the time, could not drink and it didn't like how much a single beverage was.  I actually had to ask what kinds of other drinks they had because their were none on the menu. After we ordered, we got water (which tasted REALLY funky) and an orange juice.  The waitress didn't pay attention to us at all.  She got her order of food first and sat chowing away bitching to the girl behind the bar about her life.  Listening to them gossip over top of the depressing songs being played really made for an awkward atmosphere.   When our food came, not once did she come by to refill our water glasses or see if we needed anything.  She just pretended we weren't there. And as a matter of fact, when our food came it was pretty bad.  With the windows being open, it got cold really fast.  I ordered the potato pancakes which tasted frozen and then reheated.  It also came with salmon - way too much salmon and some caviar.  If you look at the photo I posted, you can see just how much salon was on my plate.  No human should be consuming that much salmon at one time.  It's a waste of fish and money to just be thrown away after. Since our waitress was way to lazy complaining about her lame life - we had to sit our plates to the side, and flag her down in order for her to come, and ask with food in her mouth "oh your done? you want the check?"  UGH! of course we wanted to go like ASAP because clearly she did not want us here.  We had to bring her the check book so that she could get a clue that we wanted her to process the payment.  I can't believe my mom tipped her.   On our way out, my mom figured everyone would get so drunk off of the unlimited drinks that they wouldn't notice the bad food.  She's probably right but I have had much better food with alcohol.  Save your money and the waste of calories for a place with better service and food.
