Wow, this easily met my high expectations. I had a moment in the middle of my meal where I was almost peaking on the combination of incredible ramen, fantastic music, sake, spiciness, and whatever. Went at 6:30PM on a Wed and waited 30 minutes for 2 seats at a communal table. I hate communal tables. If I'm going to pay $100 or more for a meal, I want my own table. I also hate waiting although in this case my buddy and I were able to use the time productively (the ice cream shop down the street is tasty). What's the matter with taking reservations? I do know the secret but I don't have time to make rezzy's in person. So we sat down at our communal table and the music was blaring something awful. Bad electronic music with 80's synths at an incredible volume that made conversation impossible from further than 2 inches. The seats were somewhat comfortable which was a welcome surprise. The service was hover-y and smother-y and still somehow not satisfyingly attentive. It was all bad timing and a rotating cast but they were perfectly adequate and didn't mess anything up. I ordered bottled water and they brought me this baby San Pellegrino bottle. I mean, charge me whatever but it's pretty ridiculous when a restaurant can't give me a big boy bottle of water. Just saying. We ordered a bottle of the house sake which was good. I'm not a huge sake buff but it was cold, milky (unfiltered), and went down pretty smooth. But the point wasn't the service. The point was the food. There is a tip box in front of the kitchen for the chefs. USE IT! The fried tuna app was delicious. The sauce had great texture and flavor and the fish was cooked perfectly. The pork buns were also excellent. The Kasane Black ramen with an egg and 1/2 a spicy ball (not sure what they called that but it was on the little add on menu with the egg) was next. Right when they brought it out, the music changed and Thom Yorke (Harrowdown Hill, I believe) started playing, which I considered an awesome change of events. This was immediately followed by Massive Attack's Safe From Harm. At this point the sake was kicking in and the broth of the ramen mixed with the egg yolk and spice was absolutely the best thing I've eaten in recent memory. It was so rich and velvety and thick and smooth and balanced, oh my gawd. The noodles were perfect, just the right bit of texture and just the right size. The cabbage and mushroom and other bits of this and that were awesome. The meat was thin and falling apart and delicious. It was the whole package. I just starting blissing out to the blaring trip hop and stuffing noodles and broth into my face. It was so fugging amazing. I never wanted that bowl of ramen to end. I will be back very very soon, A+.
