Hometown BBQ is a great concept, probably delicious, but the experience is unbearable. There seems to be a growing trend of restaurants who think their cultivated slapdash decor and easygoing atmosphere are doing us a favor. Like I'm paying for the privilege of hanging out in a part-time motorcycle mechanic's living room, listening to his records and drinking his PBR. That's fine, if it meets the hype. I waited in line for nearly 45 minutes on a Sunday evening, while two guys sliced and loaded delicious trays of meat. So far, we can deal with it, because I'm pumped to try some lamb belly, the thing everyone's been raving about. Cut to my turn at the counter, where the guy tells me offhandedly "no more lamb belly. We've got pork and brisket and ribs." Are you effing kidding me? Your menus are literally butcher paper and Sharpie taped to the wall; would it kill someone to write SOLD OUT so I don't have to wait 45 minutes to find out what's unavailable? Apparently so. And I'm expected to tip for it. Food: 1/2lb brisket, 1/2lb pork belly, medium cole slaw, cornbread. Cornbread is phenomenal, and that's coming from a non-fan. Cole slaw is equally delicious, a fine balance of vinegar and mayo that still maintains its crisp tang. But anyone can make cole slaw and cornbread. Pork belly is good and fatty, better with Sticky sauce. Brisket, nectar of the gods, was dry as a bone and chewy. It may have been an off night, or maybe the end of the roast, but damn it, if you're cutting the meat and it looks dry, you make the executive decision not to serve that to a customer. Otherwise you should be replaced by a machine. Unacceptable. Drinks: bar has a $15 minimum for cards. This is 2014, really, guys? In addition to being against the merchant contract, card minimums are just rude. I won't hit $15 solo on a Sunday night, so water sufficed to help the brisket go down. Verdict: would try again, at a non-peak hour, and if they told me at the counter that something wasn't available, I'd probably flip my shit and never go back. A little customer service goes a long way, Hometown. 3 stars.
