Went in not having much assumptions. I knew that the place opened a few months ago and that they might still have kinks to work on but a few people have been asking me about it and I've been wondering. It was a saturday night a bit after eight. The bar was full and half of the tables were luckily paying their bills (Not many tables there; probably nine tables that could seat two total). The first of the bunch were paying just as we entered and the host said it'd be five minutes. For a saturday night that was golden. The menu is very basic with about four or five options for apps and the same for the main course. There was an app special up and two main specials. The beer on tap is a really nice local selection and at a nice price too. I'd look forward to some early hopefully not too crowded happy hour sipping being done here on that basis in the future. My table ordered a dozen oysters, four mermaid somethings from Montauk, two other east coasts on the brinier ones from the east coast as well, and some west coast ones that again I can't quite recall. They were all quite fresh and I'm really finicky with oysters enjoying to shuck them myself at home or having them in Long Island every now and then when I'm out there. These were great and now I have a plan b if I miss happy hour at the mermaid for oysters. I don't really trust anywhere else in the nabe for them. Next we had the clams with pasta and huge grilled shrimp with linguini. The resto served them in steel bowls, sort of like mini woks, and that was a cute way to present them. Both dishes were pretty delicious. I had the shrimp and served it with the head on them. I took them down like eating fried shrimp japanese style and they were crisply like that too. We shared a bass special they had served on a bed of fingerly potatoes and stewed kale or collard greens. The fish was served naked so to speak without sauces and it was great. The fish and the quality of it, fresh, spoke for itself. The whiskey cake was a nice touch at the end, nothing amazing but still a nice touch. My plus one called it whiskey pound cake jokingly. The crowd was an interesting mix of yuppies and couples looking for a new alternative for a date. The seating is tight but there are stools facing the wall across from the bar to eat at as well. The kitchen is open and in plain view right before walking to their only restroom .All in all it was a good experience and like I said it'll be a keeper and a welcomed addition to the nabe. I was skeptical like I am with most new places but my gut said that it might work.
