Ate here last night, Monday night, and was quite disappointed.  It was quite busy as it always is, but the owner Pasquale whom I always look forward to chatting with, was not there this evening.  My friend and i started with the fried calamari which was great!  The sauce was a little bland and could have used a kick to it, but other than that, it was cooked perfectly.  The water they serve is disgusting tap water.  When will restaurants start using filtered water for their customers? Oh before I forget when I pulled out the cloth covered chair to sit, it was all stained, and sort of ruined my appetite, so I sat on the next chair, and just bit my tongue.  It could have been cleaner inside, and the bathroom had the garbage overflowing ont he floor.  Where is the staff that shouild be periodically checking the restroom?  Didn't see any of that happening in my beeline view of the bathroom. So I ordered the penne a la vodka which was far from a vodka sauce.  I am Italian and i make it so I know it.  It tasted  more like a garlic sauce as it was overloaded with garlic that was starting to make me gassy. My friend ordered the Halibut special that came with mussels and clams.  The plate was a masterpiece to look at and presented nicely but the halibut was so salty that she couldn't even eat it, and I tasted it and agreed.  We told the waiter, but all he said was enjoy! The mussels and clams werer rubbery and overcooked....a disgusting disappointing meal.   There was one man who seemed to handle only  bussing and water filling.  I had to ask and bend over basically to get attention to my waiter to refill my water glass.  I shouldn't have to ask.  He should have noticed and filled our glasses, and that goes for my wine as well....it was low, and he should have taken the liberty to refill our wine. Well, for that poor attention to detail in the service, it reflected in his tip. I have been here before and have enjoyed the food, but I this time was a huge disappointment. Oh yea, on a last note, I ordered a Vesuvio Foccacchio sandwich to go so I could take it for my lunch the next day.  It said on the menu, sundried tomato, mozzarella, but when I got home it was loaded with Zucchini and Squash which I hate and picked off.  It made no mention of that on the menu, and if I saw that, I would have never ordered it.  Terrible! Next time when I want Italian, I will venture off into my own kitchen where I can cook a better mean......the marinara sauce also, tasted worse than Prego.
