I'm so torn right now, you REALLY have no idea...3 starts or 4 stars...definitely not 5 but 3 or 4...Well, my girlfriend and I finally made a much anticipated trip to this famed pizzeria. I'm still confused about whether or not I LOVE, or just plain like this much-hyped pie. I expected a wait (after checking reviews on yelp), and I got a bit of a wait, and I didn't mind it though. I actually think it helps the dining experience-the anticipation, smelling the smells, taking in the atmosphere, and feeling the place out. I waited about 15-20 minutes, and got progressively hungrier as the minutes passed. Once my girlfriend and I sat down we already knew what we wanted: a large classic pie with the FREE extra garlic slices. After marveling at how tourists come to Lombardi's to order their favorite Pizza Hut pies with loads of toppings (instead of sticking with the minimalist notion of what pizza SHOULD be) our pizza was soon delivered. It came out of the coal-oven hot, crispy and steamy...a good start. My girlfriend and I toasted to the pizza gods and bit into our slices. My first bite tasted great I had some cheese, some garlic and some shredded basil...I'm thinking "good-as-hell...this is amazing." My second bite however wasn't as good, it lacked the garlic, and the sauce just fell flat. This was the major letdown for me. I tend to think of myself as a sauce expert (my grandfather makes the best sauce you'll ever taste...EVER, no lie) It lacked the flavor punch that the crust and cheese both delivered, it didn't tie the two together. Its almost like a pizza is a three-piece band...the crust is the Drums it provides the beat, the place where the other two ingredients can work from. Lombardi's was excellent. The cheese is the Guitar, the thing most people notice first (its sliced fresh (better) and not grated (worse) at Lombardi's). The sauce acts like the Bass, it ties together the other two instruments. Lombardi's didn't do this. It doesn't make the pie horrible though, its still really, really good, its just not as great as it could be-as it should be. I really love the crust, it was the best part of the pie. Because it's so good I really think they should serve a pie thats some olive oil, garlic, and some sprinkles of Romano cheese on some perfectly cooked crust (kind-of what pizza was before it came to the good-ol USA), I think I'd be so good it would honestly take your breath away. Next time I go I'm trying the white pie, and maybe getting a classic again with double or triple extra garlic. I'd say go and eat and judge it for yourself. Everyone's got different opinions on pizza. Its an awesome place in a cool neighborhood.
