We enjoyed our first visit yesterday to Hot Diggity on South Street, before heading over to the Philly Auto Show. We had several different dogs, and my favorite was "The Windy City", an ode to a Chicago-style red hot.  But it was missing the classic poppy seed bun, celery salt, and sport peppers.  [I'm an ex-Chicagoan, and I'd like some optional sport peppers please!  Although they are probably hard to find around here.  Apparently, 80% of the world's supply of these modestly hot, pickled Mexican chilies are destined for Chicago.] The dogs are tasty, and very well-made, with a nice firm grilled bun (maybe a bit too firm, but that's better than the opposite, especially for heavily loaded dogs like these).  However, they really need a heftier dog IMO, as it tended to get drowned under an excess of toppings.  These are thin, long tubes that stick out of the bun on either end, but look quite lonely in there without a second dog for company (not sure if this is an option, but it should be). The hand-cut fries (in rolled paper cones, Belgian style, in 3 different sizes), with 12 different dipping sauces, were even better.  One of us like the Wasabi Mayo, whereas I liked the Rosemary-Garlic sauce.  Surprisingly, these were 50 cents extra, although they gave us a lemon-something freebie too.  At first you will wonder what the holes in the table tops are for (there are 3 benches, each with hi-top stools for 8), but they turn out to be holders for the fries (don't stick a drink in one, or you will regret it!). House-made root beer was interesting, but I'd probably try something else next time. Hawk Krall's hot dog art on the walls is awesome! hawkkrall.net/prints All-in-all, a fun concept that is well-executed.  Service was friendly and efficient. RANT: BTW, I lived in Seattle during the grunge era for almost 10 years, until 2001, and I never saw anything remotely like HD's "The Seattle Grunge" dog! Apparently, there really is such a thing now: mynorthwest.com/874/7309… But invented in 1988? In other words, like yesterday? Sorry, but McKayla (not to mention Chicago, Detroit, and NYC) is not impressed! Seattle has lots of interesting culinary things going on, but Philly Cream Cheese on a hotdog is not one of them!  (And yes, we did order one of them.) #gagmewiththeproverbialspoon LOL, don't you love how we American's have to categorize even the most obscure things into "styles" and then "rank" them (don't get me started on supposed pizza styles). How about we just call them hot dogs and leave it at that? en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ho… Of course then Hot Diggity wouldn't be nearly as much fun (and wouldn't be on TV).  ;-) travelchannel.com/intere… Sláinte! (Or "Cilantro" if you can't pronounce Sláinte!)
