Since I was 9-years-old, every time that I've been on Sansom Street, I have been there to dine at Porcini's, a place that had quickly become and is still a traditional favorite with my sister, my dad, and me. Last week, this changed for the first time when I dined at Il Pittore - and felt a smidgen of guilt for skipping out on my buddies Steven and David Sansone in favor of the Stephen Starr restaurant across the street. However, it didn't take long for Il Pittore to win me over. The vibe is tasteful and rich due to the dark woods, white walls accented with black, and the art depicting Italian culture. The upstairs was a bit bright for my personal taste, but that's a minute detail. The service was great; the staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and conversational without being overbearing. They certainly went above and beyond. As for the dress code, it's business casual, but there were people dressed quite well and a couple people wearing t-shirts and shorts. Best to stay business casual. All of the selections on the menu are intriguing and I wanted to order over half of them, so it's definitely a spot to which I'll want to return. Hopefully soon. None of the portion sizes are overwhelming, allowing you to order an antipasti, primi, and secondi. I had the scampi, a white lasagna - which was a special that day, and the suckling pig. At the end, I was comfortably full. The scampi was very tasty, but simple - nothing to jump out of your socks for. It was pan-seared with olive oil and garlic with some pesto verde on the side. The shrimp were all sizable and they all had their heads on, so be prepared for that. The lasagna was fairly meaty and had a white cream sauce. The top later of cheese had been browned and was easily the most flavorful part. It was tasty, but I will always prefer lasagna with red sauce. Now for the sucking pig. Yes, it was delicious. It was rich, tender, and the top layer was both crispy and a bit salty. Despite the reasonable portion, there was something honestly hedonistic about this meal. The pig was sitting atop a bed of cavolo nero, which is black leaf kale - very tasty as well. I'm really looking forward to the next time when I can try the spiced lamb sausage, either the agnolotti or the ricotta gnocchi, and the baked halibut. My sister partook in the braised octopus. She said it was good. I took her word on it. She also had the corzetti. The goat, mint, and chili oil made for an interesting flavor combination and while it was good, I don't think it's something I would want a full plate of. For dessert we had a banana pastry dish which was amazing, although personally I don't think I've ever had a bad dessert that featured banana. I had high expectations for this restaurant, and they definitely delivered a great dining experience!
