I have eaten here several times over the years. I have always been pleased with their food and drinks. In fact, I went there tonight to meet a friend specifically because we remembered it fondly. But we had such an uncomfortable incident there today that I need to tell people about it. We sat and ordered appetizers as our meal and drinks. We chatted, all was fine. Food was food. We ordered empanadas and there were way too many so I took most of them home. She boxed them and gave us a bag. The table next to us also had a box they were taking home..Before bringing the check, the waitress didn't ask if we wanted anything else, just brought the check. I had wanted to order a dish to being home to my husband. So I asked her if I could have that dish to go. She got very serious and said she couldn't do that. My friend and I asked why not. She immediately ran and got the manager. The manager came over and, in a very serious and strict tone, like we had asked her to bring us free food or refused to pay, lectured us on how she "couldn't give us the dish to go" because they don't have containers big enough and the food doesn't travel well. Eventually it became clear the problem was they don't do "to go" so I suggested maybe I could order more food and stay and eat. She said, "I know you're just going to take it home," What!?Again she seemed very serious and angrily. My friend and I were flabbergasted. We just stared at each other. I paid the bill and left the tiniest tip I have ever left with a note for the waitress. Because had she asked before bringing the check, I would have added the dish on then and maybe it would have gone differently. Maybe... I eat out a lot. I have never ever ever ever ever been refused any food to take home and I have never heard such bullshit. The only thing I can come up with as an explanation is that it was a Friday night, my friend and I really didn't order much and sat there talking a couple of hours (we were catching up as friends do). Maybe they were mad we were taking up the table? Even that is inexcusable because she could have asked that we wait in the bar area for the extra dish. So, as of tonight, they are a great big fail in my book and I will tell everyone who asks and anyone who doesn't ask to avoid them.
