Here are one man's thoughts after three weeks into launch period: Atmosphere / Vibe:  Much more upscale than I would have imagined.  Actually went with my wife, five year old son and neighbors who had a 2 year old.  I think we all thought this would be a local version of your basic bar and grill concept, but immediately felt that the bill was going to be higher as we walked through the door and saw leather clad booths, wine closet and very modern appearance.  Not a bad thing, per se, but don't go expecting a middle-class, kid friendly environment.  More of an adult focused establishment.  One very odd thing:  The floors are extremely slippery...honestly, I felt like I could glide across them in my shoes...Not sure why that is, but could easily see a slip and fall in Maggie's future...Liked the bar area in particular...Very nice presentation of televisions and bar very well stocked. Service:  Service was OK.  Will chalk up the lack of menus to new restaurant glitch.  We were only given 2 menus for 4 adults and another server came over after 5 minutes to ask if we still needed them!  I will say that the menus are leather bound and very nice, but if it comes at the expense of sharing one amongst 2-3 people, I'll go with a cheaper version, thanks.  Service was slow to start in taking drink and food orders, but food / drink came out at good pace once orders were taken.   Food / Drink - Three of the group ordered burgers and one ordered a salad.  Kids had chicken nuggets. Each couple split a French Onion Soup.  We all had beer (with exception of kids, of course!).  Everything was very...ok...Nobody commented that the food was great and when you look at the prices being charged, that is the expectation you are setting.  Burger platters (burger and fries) were $11 - $13, salad I believe slightly more, and beers were all $6+.  When you decide to put yourself in this price range, you are going up against the likes of Max Burger and Plan B and the food was not up to par. When everything was tabbed up for two burger platters, a kid's chicken nuggets, 3 beers, and a French onion soup...total bill (tax / tip inc) came to $70...let me repeat...$70!  And I know I could have gotten the same amount of food / drink for the same (or lower) price from Plan B and the food would be that much better.  Which is  exactly what I explained to our neighbors and will be the next place I take them to. I get what Maggie's is trying to do here and appreciate them trying to make a location work that has failed so many times in the past.  Location is ideal for us and having a fun restaurant there would be awesome.  Just not there right now and would not expect the place to last when others in the area are doing the exact same thing and doing it better / cheaper.  Perhaps a deal comes up down the road (Groupon, etc) that provides another chance to try.  For now, will stick to more tried and true bar and grill establishments...
