It really is more of 4 1/2 stars - if only we can give 1/2 stars. My friends were able to get a reservation and I was very excited to dine here, but sadly we did not get to see Harold.  The food, decor and service was exquisite.  Great banquettes, good lighting and a great layout...so I was very impressed. The food was excellent, not perfect, but very good.  Due to my mango allergy, I didn't get to try the "Peekyote crab salad with avocado, mango and ginger dressing", but my friends tell me that it was wonderful.  The "crispy berkshire pork belly with pea tendrils, trumpets and banyuls-vanilla gastrique" was much larger than what I expected, but a bit on the dry side, unlike the perfect piece of pork belly that I've had at LAN.  The one thing that we all agreed that was universally perfect were the "spicy duck meatballs with okinawa yam gnocchi, water spanich and quail eggs". For entrees, the best dish out of the bunch was the "summer truffle ravioli with sheep's milk ricotta, forest mushrooms and peas."  My friends all like to share food, but I don't know if I would have shared this with everyone else had I ordered it.  I ordered the "grilled rack and breast of colorado lamb with parsley root mousseline, red chard and cippolini onions" - the portions were much bigger than expected, but again I had a better lamb dish at Butter recently for my birthday.  My friend's friend had the "roasted duckling with mustard green, corn pudding and huckleberries," which had impressive pieces of duck that was cooked delicately.  Finally, my friend had the "sauteed skate wing with pastrami, cabbage and warm mustard sauce," which was okay as I was really not in the mood for fish. The side dishes were awesome - I would have given Perilla 5 stars just for them.  We all loved the "creamed corn with chives and watercress" - although it was rather heavy, I couldn't stop myself from having more.  Although a bit on the hard side, the "faro risotto with artichoke confit, parmesan and chilled-grape salad" was so flavorful, that I wanted to eat the whole thing.  Both of these side dishes were quite heavy, so we couldn't finish them, but I was very impressed by the flavor and straightforward complexity that both of these dishes brought to my palette. Then there was dessert: I was very surprisingly impressed by the "local strawberries with ricotta cheesecake and yuzu-vanilla foam" - the strawberries were amazing and the cheesecake was quite good.  As expected, the "lemon funnel doughnuts with milk chocolate and black plum sorbet" were awesome, again not as good as the bignettes with jelly that I had for my birthday at Butter.   Overall a great meal.  I will definitely come back, if only for another opportunity to see Harold.
