I have to write a review of Sticky's, because the owner was such a nice, welcoming guy when my girlfriend and I came in for my birthday. That was like a month ago as I write this, so my apologies for not writing the review sooner, owner guy if you're reading this (sorry I forgot your name, sorry for that, too, I'm a shitty customer sometimes). See, it was so good, I'm actually apologizing to the business. How often does that happen?? You think I'm going to be all like, sorry Apple Store for not buying more iPods and stuff? Probably not! Chicken fingers are your favorite food from childhood, remember? Your parents took you to restaurants, because they had no choice (sitters are expensive/unavailable), but there's nothing you would or could eat, so they just gave you fried stuff. I often wonder what it must be like to taste "fried" for the first time. It's like going through the monolith in the movie 2001, I bet. I don't personally remember, but it's still pretty close to that feeling now, especially at Sticky's, except now I feel a little bad about it, because I'm more worried about heart disease than when I was five. But Sticky's makes you feel like the heart disease is OK, because they have these unheard of flavor combinations for your chicken fingers, like caramel salt. When I heard that, I was like what! But it works. And the owner guy who was awesome awesomely gave me extra fingers and a free appetizer (the carrots are ridiculous) and a bunch of free dipping sauces when he found out it was my birthday (or because my girlfriend is cute, but whatever, I'll take all of it). The sauces come in too many varieties for me to name them all.. lime something, honey mustard, I don't know, sriracha (can't spell, the hot Vietnamese stuff I squirt all over everything in my life). I mean, basically anything you can think of, but usually with some sort of interesting twist. And all delivered with a really great attitude. Despite the name, I assure you there is nothing sexual about this place, except the chicken fingers will make you have an orgasm. Luckily, there are plenty of napkins available for clean-up. You're going to need them.
