I should preface this review by saying that I've worked in bars and restaurants to pay my bills for the past 8 years.  Upstate and here in the city, I've worked in kitchens, on the floor, behind the bar, and despite the occasional crappy nights I've enjoyed that world immensely both as a customer and as someone who's worked on the inside. So in writing this review I just wanted to be clear the extent to which I was shocked at the extremely poor level of service I received at this restaurant last night.  It really just kinda blew my mind, the general apathy the floor staff had for their patrons was honest to god, almost impressive.  On to the review: We arrived at 8pm and were told there was a 20 minute wait to be seated.  My brother swears their carnitas is amazing so we decide to wait, though the place is crammed and there's no room at the bar or near the host stand, so we have to wait outside in the cold.   It ends up being over an hour before we're seated.  I understand underestimating the wait, sometimes customers take longer to leave, but being 40 minutes off is a bit much.  Maybe some sort of acknowledgement that we had to wait outside, some free guac, an apology from the waitress, y'know, something would've been nice. Nothing from the waitress, she's straight up business, would you like anything to drink?  Fine.  We're still trying to be friendly, and we order 3 margaritas and some guac cuz we're starving.  They bring out the margaritas and my sister accidentally spills hers.  She's not drunk or anything, it's just an accident, and we ask the clearly overly stressed busser to help us clean up the mess since our waitress is nowhere to be found.  He ignores us, continues to set up a table nearby, and after a few minutes comes back and throws some towels on the table. Fine.  The guy's stressed out.  We try to clean up on our own the best we can, and ask the busser when he comes by if we can get a replacement margarita.  He says sure and disappears.   Our food comes out pretty quickly, no sign of the margarita.    We finish our meal, still no sign of the margarita.  The couple sitting next to us also is waiting on margaritas.  Ok fine, the bartenders are really busy I guess. We're just sitting around at this point, the waitress comes by and asks us if we want more chips to go with the guacamole, which there's more than half a bowl of left.  This is after our entrees are done.  Kinda weird, but fine, we're still kinda hungry, bring on the chips. Another five minutes go by, and the runner brings us two margaritas.  We are perplexed, and assume they're for the couple next to us.  Nope, theirs are with salt, though they ordered theirs before ours.  Ok.  fine.  The waitress and the busser must've doubled up the order by accident.  At this point our meal's done and we need to leave to get to my gig as we explain to them, so they just scoop up the untouched margaritas.  No apology or mention of them being on the house, they just take them back to the bar, I assume to be either re-served to another table, given to the staff, or poured out.  Fine.   The extra chips for the guac never arrive. The bill shows up, and there's 5 margaritas on there.  We send it back to be corrected, and they switch it to 3 margaritas.  Even though my sister didn't get her replacement margarita until 30 minutes later and after our meal, and we only actually drank 2 margaritas.  The entire time this is going on our waitress is cold, distant, unapologetic, and has clearly written us off as poor tippers, or y'know, just doesn't give a shit period.   Are you fucking kidding me?  You made us wait for our table for over an hour, you were unwilling to replace one margarita that was accidentally spilled, you messed up our bill, and the whole time basically treated us with all the warmth of a Siberian winter.   The minute we were seating you should've been apologizing, putting in a little extra effort, explaining that it was very busy and customers were lingering, maybe offer some free guac, a drink on the house, y'know, SOMETHING.  But instead you just decided to treat us like assholes, even though we were still being remarkably friendly considering the circumstances.  Which was just, remarkably stupid, cuz I almost always tip 25% when I go out.  Not last night though. I get that it's busy.  But that's a tiny ass restaurant you got there.  2 waitstaff + busser + runner + bartender + barback should EASILY be able to handle 12-15 tables.  Was the food good?  Sure.  Will I come back?  Hell no.  And I'll be telling pretty much everyone I know, in a very active way, to not go there.   Un-friggin' believable.  No apology or anything on the way out either.  But what should we expect from a restaurant that honestly appears to just not give a shit about its customers.
