Reopened last summer, we hadn't gotten around to trying it again.  Ate here once several years ago and we were sat in the main level - a large spacious area with high ceilings and full length windows - NOISY!  So when the hostess brought us to the upper level with booths I thought it would be better.  Not so much.  No music, open kitchen, low ceilings with closely spaced recessed lighting made for an area which was probably 85 degrees.  POSITIVE NOTE: Girls can wear skimpy tops!  The waiter came by to take drink orders, hubby ordered a bottle of wine, I tried to order a cocktail.  Was immediately told by the waiter that they couldn't make that drink.  Send him to get the wine while I decided on another cocktail.  When he arrived with wine, he asked if we were ready to place our order.  Hmmm, seemed a little rushed so we asked "What kind of place is this?  Is this fine dining?  Date night?  Fast food?"  The waiter actually responded "Oh no, this isn't a date place.  We get a lot of people looking to get in and out quickly for events downtown".  Oooooookay!  Good to know!  So, we started with "Hot Tomato's Original Garlic Bread -$7".  Yummy!  Cheesy, garlicky, but *shrug* you can get this anywhere.  Then came the entrees.  We both order pasta.  I ordered "Hot Tomato's Original Giobatto - Roasted veal, chicken, and locally made sweet Italian sausage in a spicy roasted fennel demi glace, with 'baby bella' mushrooms, red and yellow bell peppers, over DiFiore Pasta Company's fresh arugula pappardelle pasta - $20".  Two words: Bland and gummy.  Hubby ordered "Hot Tomato's Original Chicken Giovanni - Boneless chicken breast sauteed with fresh broccoli and roasted red peppers in a Gorgonzola cream sauce, tossed with DiFiore Pasta Company's fresh linguine pasta, finished with fresh grated Parmigiano - $18".  Four words: Undercooked veggies/Overcooked pasta.  When you can't get your fork into the broccoli, something is wrong!  We skipped dessert and without wine dinner came to about $70.  SO not worth it!  Clearly this is a place that relies on volume.  Take your business elsewhere, so many better choices downtown, even if you are in a hurry!
