Came here last night before going to see Of Mice & Men. We arrived around 5, and the place wasn't super packed, but also wasn't empty (like so many other places in the area at that time). The decor is fantastic - exposed brick, wood on the ceilings, and a gorgeous bar that is the focal point of the room. We grabbed a seat at the end of the bar, and Peter, our server for the night, quickly came over to take drink orders after he explained the happy hour specials. He was a FANTASTIC and very quick bartender (in addition to another woman who was working whose name I didn't get, but who was also WONDERFUL). I got the Mother's Milk and BF got the Bronx Pale Ale (both $5 with happy hour - a huge win!). It seemed to be more of a local versus tourist location, which is perfect, especially for such great prices. I also recommend getting there on the earlier side of happy hour, because as time went on, the place got FILLED (on a Wednesday night!). We started with the calamari appetizer ($12), which came with a really delicious peanut sauce. It was a decent portion size, came out very quickly (and was still hot), and we definitely inhaled it. Peter kept coming over to check in on us and see how things were going, and the female bartender (they should have put both their names on the receipt so I could put a name to a person!) checked our drink status frequently, but not in a pushy way. For food, I ordered the veggie burger, which was fantastic, and BFF ordered the mahi mahi sandwich, which both of us thought was really tasty. The fries that come on the side were also SO good (as in, I easily could have eaten them for the entire night/rest of my life and been completely happy). Side note - I had mentioned in passing to my friend about how he should order another beer (because we were celebrating his birthday) - the bartender overheard and comped his next drink. We had NEVER been here before, and I thought that was such a sweet gesture. So, overall: Fantastic happy hour drink prices Delicious food (and great menu - can't wait to try more!) Suitable for vegetarians because there were a ton of options Incredible staff - everyone we encountered was sweet and attentive
