I am of two minds---and stomachs---when it comes to The Spotted Pig.  Having had two very different experiences at this Mario Batali joint, I've concluded that I mostly (read: 96%) love this spot. My first visit here was with a group of friends for NYE 2010.  After 3 rounds of a drink called The Ginger Bush, which consists of ginger beer and whiskey and is a variation of the Dark & Stormy (ginger beer and dark rum), we were seated by the main window near the entrance.  Our server, a friendly chap in a fedora (we correctly guessed that he was a jazz musician), gave us generous free samples of their celery bisque (heavenly) and then recommended that we try their foie gras appetizer.  We ended up having two rounds of THAT (and two more after the meal).  The burger, which is what I was most excited about, managed to skip my usually detailed scrutiny,  thanks to the several Ginger Bushes I'd already imbibed by the time the food arrived.  All I remember is that it was 'pretty good'. Upon visiting a little over a week ago---in continuation of our search for The Best Burger in NYC, which, honestly, is really just a race for #2 since there's no beating Minetta Tavern's Black Label wonder of the world---the burger finally came under due scrutiny. The Boy loved it.  Currently, it's his #2.  He found the rosemary-seasoned fries to be in perfect complement to the Roquefort burger, which was cooked exactly as he wanted it, was juicy, and, though slightly overpowered by the cheese and not much assisted by the somewhat stale (or dry?) bun, presently remains second in overall standing.  His "Oink" rating?  4 out of 5. I have not yet decided where their burger stands.  I generally agree with The Boy's assessment, but  really, really, really hated the bun.  It was, in my opinion, too thick, too dry, and simply not in keeping with the overall quality of the rest of the burger.  But maybe it's supposed to be that way, in order to counteract the juiciness of the meat. As it stands, this place generally rocks.  Good brews on tap, great atmosphere and service, and overall excellent food.  Burger, your ranking is, at present, TBD.
