I went into this place and instantly fell in love...it was pretty much ALL downhill from there. The more I go here the more I dislike it. There are some pretty pretentious places in New York but this has to be one of the worst. The place seems so welcoming when you walk in. It's warm, cozy and looks exactly like the kind of place I would love to stay all day. The beer selection is alright but the food??? Oh my god...I've seen more interesting menus at a Wendy's. every single thing on the menu I could cook at home...only much better...the only redeeming features are the fried pickles and the French fries which are very nice and I recommend going to the place just for long enough to have a beer and try them. I had the burger the first time I went which was so dull and poorly/over cooked. This is exactly the kind of place that puts the aesthetic before the product, more keen on how the food is presented than how it tastes. Tonight I got the grilled cheese on the "ploughman's loaf"...this was so average it was ridiculous. They cut it into fours and if that is the most interesting thing you can think of doing with your grilled cheese you really need to try harder. The menu has no imagination and no fish...this place screams gastro-pub and for a place that makes malt vinegar a big deal to not have fish and chips on the menu is unbelievable... Sweet Afton is so frustrating...the food is boring and most importantly the service is TERRIBLE...both times I've been there I've been forgotten about and when the bar staff are standing around talking whilst I'm waiting for my drinks, that's when I draw the line...and then after informing them how to make the simple vodka bay breeze for it to come back made with rum, we were sold on not returning any time soon. I really wanted to like Sweet Afton but it is exactly the kind if place I don't want to patronise. They need a new chef and more servers. I may be the only one that thinks this but is it a little presumptuous for the server to just grab a seat at your table whilst trying to order? This place could be so good and yet is so bad, hence the one star...must try harder...
