I like smokey things. My two favorite drinks are bourbon and mezcal. Char No. 4 smokes their own meat and boasts a vast bourbon offering, so it sounded like a great place to try. Bourbon: char has an amazing bourbon selection. You can choose from 1oz or 2 oz servings (the smaller are exactly half price), so you can easily make your own flights. 1oz starts at $1 with lots of $2-$4 selections. The nut brown beer, one of two draft selections, goes very well with the bourbon.   Food: My friend Eric and I had: Pork nugget appetizer Thick bacon appetizer Lamb Pastrami appetizer Brisket sandwich Pork sandwich Pesto Beets The pork nuggets were just little fried balls, but they really grew on me. I would recommend them. Bacon is the new in food, the hipster of foods. This thick-cut bacon was a bit disappointing. Greasy but not much flavor.   Normally I love all forms of bacon, but I probably wouldn't order this again. The lamb pastrami was pretty good. I like the taste of lamb but it typically is too greasy and leaves me feeling like I did some coronary damage. This dish was lean and light. The meat had almost a raw appearance.  Eric wasn't a huge fan, but I was. The two sandwiches were great. The bread was perfect and the sauces accented it well.  I was probably a little drunk at this point because both sandwiches tasted roughly the same, like deliciousness. Interestingly enough, the vegetarian pesto beets were probably the best dish we ordered.  I didn't think beets could be made better or more refreshing than they already are, but this dish proved otherwise.  It wasn't a standard pesto sauce on the beets, but instead ground basil and crushed walnut (not ground, so there were some thicker pieces).  I don't think there was Parmesan or olive oil, so there was no sharp overpowering taste or oily texture masking the cool freshness of the beets. The food was great and I would make an effort to return. However at $100 for two people, without too much alcohol (2 beers two 1oz whiskeys and a glass of wine), it ended up a bit on the pricey side.  I'm sure if we weren't trying everything we could have kept the cost down. I'll add that our bartender waitress was friendly and cute. Not too-cool hipster cute, just down to earth and friendly.
