Last night was  my fourth visit to Adriana's for dinner.  We were seated in the back dining room which was cold and nearly empty.  The room filled up and emptied as our night progressed.   We ordered the sausage and broccoli rabe.  This dish is by far their best  on the menu.  I have heard that the sausage is made by them but who knows.  We also ordered the mozzarella special appetizer.  The cheese was creamy and delicious however the tomatoes where cold, not ripe and lacked flavor.   Our waiter, Joe a huge Dallas Cowboys fan, was personable and had waited on us before.  The marinated veggies are a nice touch, complimentary, however the bread is a plain loaf of Italian bread that was not touched by anyone at the table. As the room filled it became very difficult for Joe to make his way through the crowd.  The tables are packed in. I did warm up however I think it was from the wine and room for of people because as the crowd thinned I could feel the air blowing on me again. Here is where I have a major issue with this restaurant.  The first time I ate here I ordered the Ahi tuna and arugula salad.  I specifically told Joe that I wanted the tuna as rare as rare could be.  The tuna came out well done.  Back it went to the kitchen.  Last night I didn't like any of the specials and shame on me, ordered the tuna once again.  I told Joe that I would like to tuna as rare as rare could be.  Well after he forgot our salads and then brought them out with just balsamic vinegar, two minutes later out came the dinners.   My tuna, which was a huge piece, was medium well.  I sent it back again.  What a waste of money for Adriana's not to get it right.  How can you not know to just put the tuna on the grill for 30 seconds each side?   My other diners enjoyed their meals, the two that had the sea bass, raved about it, and the one who had the salmon proclaimed it was just  okay, FYI he is a salmon expert. For dessert we had the creme brulee, just okay, and the tartufo.  I always order the tartufo when it is on any dessert  menu, it has sentimental value for me.  This dessert was very good.  It was fresh and the chocolate was dark in the ice cream and the shell.   The coffee was adequate. Will we go back?  Sure.  Will i order the tuna... only time will tell.
