Four stars for the food. One star for being giant douches about everything else. I'm curious as to what their target demographic is, because this place is orange juice and pizza; a blend of two crowds that clash like a plaid tie on a checkered shirt. It's like they're trying to serve you calamari for the gourmand but still earfuck you with teeth-rattling techno in case you were dating some vapid 20-something and didn't want to have to hear what they were saying to you all night. It's a dice throw as to whether your cocktails will be complete train wrecks or simply mediocre, but either way, you will pay an incredible markup (I calculated an almost 600% markup on my last drink which was a whisky neat). I got rotten rhubarb in one of my drinks.  They also make their old fashioned with what tastes like a quarter pound of sugar... foul. They are completely out of touch with good drinking, or maybe they're just catering to snotty club kids who can't drink anything a diabetic wouldn't die from. Out of the seven drinks we tried, one was something I'd order again, but only as a last resort. The drinks suffer from sexy menu syndrome; they clearly craft their drinks to look good on paper without actually tasting good. The sad fact is, you're paying premium prices for run of the mill, Hartford-dive bartenders taking their cues from corporate scam artists. Don't even bother asking questions like "what do you have for Scotch?" because you're more likely to hear about how your server hates Scotch than get an answer, or an accurate one after they go ask. I understand there are hiccups in any new operation, but these waitstaff and bartenders just plain suck. There are certain things that a good server should be good at in any environment, like not leaving in the middle of a sentence, or refilling your water. This isn't newbie jitters, this is blatantly terrible, inexperienced service. Also, they're secretly robbing you. They consider one ounce a drink!!! For the mathematically ignorant, one serving of hard alcohol is 45mL or one and a half ounces. The American shot glass is actually rounded up to 50mL. That should be 1 drink. Here they rob you of over a third of that and charge you completely ridiculous prices. The readjusted serving sizes turn that 600% markup to well over 700%. You aren't just being overcharged here; you're being flat out deceived. They silently charge you for doubles if you drink it neat and even then, the drink is only 2 ounces (1 and 1/3 drinks). So, I mean, if you want to pay $24 for 1.3 shots, this is your jam! This, of course, begs the real question, how do I order a single? Why have a single price for liquor if by default you're going to charge me for a double? This is the biggest scam in history; restaurant managers charge you more for drinks neat, citing that a neat pour takes more liquor, but I mean, when I buy an 18 yr Glenmorangie what other way is there to drink it? Are they insinuating I should be shooting fine Single Malt Scotch in a reject, 2/3 sized shot glass? Not only is this completely idiotic, but it's proof that they don't want respectable clientele so much as Jager-bomb shooting, date-rapey, binge drinking frat boys. Good luck with that. The managers will "fix" your tab if you complain loud enough, but they'll make you drink your weight in smug before leaving, which is ironic considering how stupid the management is about their liquor program. You should also triple check your tab, because they had to correct mine 3x!!!! Sad, because if it wasn't being run by crooked nitwits, this place could be cool.
