The Wishing Well is in my hood and I am so excited to have another option for a local pub - as other Bella Vista folks who have reviewed it have noted. Sooo, I popped in on Friday night to have a couple of cocktails with friends. My husband had eaten there the night before and had good things to say about the service and food (although he thought the grits portion of the "shrimp and grits" was too watery). He also noted the massive beer selection with a twinkle in his eye, which I knew meant he was calculating how many evenings out he could arrange to work his way through the list! As others have said, I really want this place to do well for a lot of reason - not the least of which is that it is really close to my house. Given that, I hope this review can serve as something constructive for the owners if they read their Yelp reviews. In fact, Chris (the owner) stopped by our table on Friday night and remembered my husband from the night before - always a good sign for the proprietor to recognize repeat customers. Also, Chris just seems like a really awesome and sincere guy and I could only wish someone like that the best of luck and success. Here are some thoughts and areas in which I hope they can up their game: I love the fact they are going for slow-food, but I would also caution the owners that if they claim "LOCAL" - that does not mean 9th street. Philly has a very savvy clientele when it comes to claims of local and the farm-to-city movement is well-known and well-respected by connoisseurs as well as proprietors. So, use caution when using this term, or use it correctly. Philly loves its local food movement. On my inaugural visit this past Friday, I ordered a Bombay Sapphire martini: dirty, dry and straight up. The drink came back barely cold (I watched the bartender pour the gin in the shaker, etc. - but she just sort of let it sit in the shaker a second or two and then strained it into a glass). Also, the drink did not come with olives. I know it is a minor gripe, but one of my favorite things is the look of the drink with those little olives - or maybe one big Shamu of an olive, nestled down in the crook of the glass. The martini just looks naked without them. So, I asked the server for some olives - she got them and they were soured - like they had set out behind the bar for too long, just not fresh. My husband noted that they had Goslings rum behind the bar and the only drink I know that one makes with Goslings is the delicious dark n stormy (Goslings, Ginger Beer [not ginger-ale], and some fresh lime). The waitress and the bartender had no idea what this drink was (odd). Chris, however, did know and said he was working on getting his purveyors in shape and had not worked the kinks out. Totally understandable given this place just opened. Not understandable, though, is someone behind the bar not knowing this drink - this was Friday night and this should be the A-team as far as waitstaff goes. As others have pointed out- this place is somewhere between a sports bar and a gastro pub. I think it can do both - but with some minor changes. I think the lights need to come down and I think the service needs to reflect the prices they are charging. I also think the music is a bit off - there was blaring Led Zeppelin (OK, love this, but combined with the mayhem of the baseball game on the TV and the bright lights - was too much), which was followed by the Cranberries. All in all, I will be back - I am sure this is just a matter of working out the kinks and I wish this place much success.  I can't wait to re-review this place and give it 5 stars!
