Summary: A novel Chinese restaurant experience. Not for the weak hearted or the mild stomached, but enjoyable food. Moderately priced, and great portion sizes make it a place worth checking out. --- There is a scene in one of the Tintin books, Tintin in Tibet to be precise, where Captain Haddock is fooled by mischievous Nepalese street urchins into thinking that a red pimento is a sweet fruit. In the following panel the captain is shown running towards a water tank hollering "FIRE!". My sentiments were not far from his through most of my dinner at Han's Dynasty in Old City. This Chinese restaurant is located very close to Penn's Landing near the intersection of Front and Chestnut. The outward facade is pretty nondescript; it took us a few seconds to locate it even though we were standing right outside it. The interiors also resemble a standard Chinese restaurant in the USA. We were seated with customary Oriental efficiency, and the menu card seemed to be the first indication that this affair would probably be a little different then from what one would expect in 'New Dragon' or 'Fortune Cookie'. Almost every item in the menu is accompanied with a number between 1 to 10, printed in red. One could be fooled into believing these were prices, except that would make it a very cheap dinner. Digging deeper, one would see that it is indeed, as the astute reader might've guessed, the spice level. Interesting! My friend and I ordered the cold chicken in chilli sauce (7) as an appetizer, and the lamb dry pot (10) and cumin chicken (8) as the main course. The appetizer came out promptly; sliced chicken breasts dunked in a bowl of chili oil, garnished with scallions and peppered with the famous Sichuan pepper, served cold. On taking the first bite into the chicken, the chili mildly hit me. I remember at that point joking that if this was seven, ten would be child's play. I am not sure if the server heard us or not, but he came over to our table and informed that we hadn't mixed the pepper yet. Indeed. Sichuan pepper has a very interesting effect; it is supposed to be tongue numbing, but it left the tip of my tongue tingling. If I drank hot tea, it felt as if I was being tickled there. It was a novel experience, one that I would like to try again some day. The dry pot and the cumin chicken came out shortly after. The dry pot was very spicy. At the end of our meal, with a lot of help from my friend, we did finish all our food. The spoils in the dry pot after we were done consisted of at least 20 red chilies, if not more. No wonder I was reminded of, and sympathized with, the captain; poor thing was expecting a dessert! The problem I have with super-spicy food is, although I really enjoy the whole gushing experience, that it hides other flavors that are present. For instance, I am not sure the lamb was well cooked - I sure didn't enjoy it, and maybe a more neutral tasting meat like chicken would be a better choice for the dry pot. The cumin chicken, although not as spicy as the dry pot, had a little too much cumin for my taste which overwhelmed all the other flavors in the dish. Nonetheless, it is a novel experience, and I would recommend it. Although I craved for something sweet after dinner, we were quite full to order any desserts. In fact, we were not even offered a dessert menu, so I am not sure if this joint serve them. Nonetheless, something sweet is highly recommended post-Han Dynasty. As I write this, some three hours since dinner, I can still feel the heat.
