I live in Boston. I had been in NY on business and was headed back north. My gas guage said I was near empty. I got off the next exit and headed for a gas station. On the way I passed a sign on a building that said "Turkish food". I am well traveled and well fed, but do NOT go looking for fancy restaurants, but interesting, great food, particularly ethnic. I've never had Turkish food and thought, I'll stop on the way back and maybe get something small for takeout for myself and my gf at home.   Upon entering the place I was surprised to find that it was much larger than I thought based on the outside. And it looked beautiful. In the front there's a glass case of delicious looking food. I thought I'd found food heaven. I got into a conversation with the young man (early 20s) who appeared to be the manager. He said the restaurant was owned by his uncle. He recomended certain foods and I kept ordering more and more. It came to $30 and he threw in a rice pudding at no charge. It was late afternoon and the place was empty and we discussed Turkey.  He was very friendly and that added to the experience.  I brought the food home to my girlfriend and we were both incredibly pleased. I thought it was GREAT. The food was similar to middle eastern. We have an excellent middle eastern, Lebanese, restaurant near Boston, in Norwood, named Byblos and I always like it there but this was even better. I give it five stars for everything. I note the review below where someone trashes the place due to a waiter not taking care of them. GET A LIFE. You trash a place's rep due to ONE waiter ONE night? Why not complain to the owner or manager? I don't have the food pleasure of living in NYC, but for my Boston taste and what I've had available to me in Boston and elsewhere, this restaurant is now on my top 10 list, it's now in my GPS and I'll be there on every business trip to NY   And oh, I didn't even check the prices when ordering, but I felt there was a lot of food for the money. I took a menu home and when I looked at it I could not believe how reasonable the prices were, much less than for quality food in the Boston area and I'm sure a LOT less than in NY.
