Great food.  Horrible event planner. I've had mixed experiences at this Simon Pearce in Vermont, but can say the one in West Chester, PA has always given me quality of the 5 star caliber.  In fact, its perfect atmosphere, service, and gourmet dinners were exactly the reason I decided to have my wedding reception in the private (apartment) dining room at the Simon Pearce in Quechee, VT.   The room is perfect for a small wedding dinner reception.  I love the architecture and the ambiance of the room and was happy it even had an outdoor deck so we could get some fresh air and take in the October foliage.  I drove up from Massachusetts multiple times to go over specifics with their event planner, deciding to do a wine dinner style pairing with their 4 course meal.  The entire evening went off wonderfully from the view of all of our guests, but was nothing like what I had planned with their event planner.  I hand picked wines that we had tried in advance to go with each course of the meal and when we arrived I found makeshift wine bars placed around the room with all the wines flowing freely together and even wines we hadn't chosen added to the mix.  There were no menus highlighting the wine pairings let alone even letting the guests know what they were eating as previously discussed.  And hors d'oeuvres were being handed out by the event planner herself after I had told her countless times that we didn't want them.  We wanted a basic wine pairing dinner and got an open bar smörgsbord.  The icing on the cake (or should I say pumpkin bread pudding) was that they began serving the dessert without even letting us cut the cake (the only traditional wedding request my husband had).  Basically, I felt like all of my input and requests were completely ignored and the event planner threw her own version of what she thought we SHOULD be doing.  Not to mention the unexpected added cost of all the things she decided to add. Bottom line - stick to the dining room and avoid private events at the Vermont location.
