Sometimes I go to extremes to satisfy a craving. Ever since I moved to Brooklyn, I've been craving really great Caribbean food. Caribbean wasn't even on my mind specifically this evening... I was craving something different, something spicy. I don't even remember what I was originally searching for, but Yelp directed me to The Islands' review page. Lots of 5 star reviews made me interested; seeing the location sealed the deal. If it were earlier in the day, I would've walked, but it was getting late for dinner and I was pretty hungry... So I hopped into a Zipcar and found my way to the teeny, tiny Islands. In fact it was so small, I drove right by it. I immediately knew this place was going to be great as there was a crowd of people outside the restaurant, with a line out the door. I squeezed in and patiently waited to put in my carry-out order. I spotted a pan full of a creamy sauce and beautiful, colorful shrimp, accompanied by an amazing aroma of spices and garlic. I'm hoping it's worth the wait... Finally, some annoying people left after asking for utensils. The big guy taking orders seemed just as glad as I was that they were gone. I knew going in here for the first time, I'd have to try what others have raved about: the jerk chicken. I ordered and the guy immediately apologized saying that they had run out of rice w/ peas. He asked how long it would take for a new batch, but I couldn't see who he was asking until a woman came out from under the tiny bar and replied, "20 minutes", as she put a huge pot right on the stove. They assured me that the jasmine rice would suffice. I came for the chicken, so I obliged. I took over the bar seat where the annoying girls were and waited. Out of nowhere, a drink was presented to me, on the house, followed by, "Welcome to dee Islands!". Wow! How nice! What great karma I must have...These were really nice people! Hopped back into the zipcar with the untouched drink and generous portion of chicken and rice, made it home, hastily answered a phone call, and finally got to the chicken. AMAZING. The spices were so perfectly balanced and hot; the rice was well cooked, and the veggies were delicious. The chicken was so tender that the meat fell of the bone with the lightest touch. This was the best jerk chicken I have ever had, and some of the best chicken I've ever had. Without any doubt, this place deserves 5 stars. I'm actually glad the place is as tiny as it is...This definitely gives the place that much more character and originality. The Islands is proof that great food comes from people who work and cook with love and happiness. I can't wait to go back.
