Every person has that one restaurant that they continually frequent. Maybe it's because of the food, the prices, or the location - whatever the reason, it's the fail-safe restaurant that never disappoints and always hits the mark. For my boyfriend's family, Paisano's is that restaurant. His family comes here at least once a month. They are not Italian, but I am, and they always tell me how wonderful this place it. I enjoyed eating here very much, and will be happy to come back. I'm incredibly happy for the family who owns Paisano's. Over the years, they have truly turned their hole-in-the-wall pizzeria into a lucrative, popular business. All of their hard work has paid off - Paisano's is Rutherford's crown jewel of Italian eateries. And you know what? The family deserves this victory lap of glory. Just a few little notes about the portions and the price of the food: Some of the items I tasted (the vegetables, the mashed potatoes) tasted like they were packaged. The portions were on the small side, and hence the price was too high. I am not attest to paying a pretty penny for good food, but this is Rutherford, not New York. But along with those, Paisano's has a lot of shining points too. The menu is a good size, and the food all looks tasty. It's old-school Italian combined with eclectic touches. (i.e., ginger calamari and pear ravioli). I know they make their own pasta, which is a plus. The place was packed, as it was Valentine's Day - but it's a good sign to see so many people wanting to eat here out of all the restaurants in the neighborhood. We began with the appetizer special - crab cakes. There was virtually no wait time for them to come out. I was a little disappointed with the portion - two small crab cakes on top of an abundance of chipotle-style sauce. Good thing we were only two people eating! Despite their obscure size, they were all lump crab meat and quite delicious. Our entrees came rather quickly. My boyfriend ordered the Veal Valentino and raved about the sambuca sauce. He finished his plate! For me, I opted for the Pear Ravioli - a seasonal special. I enjoyed the unique dish, but I felt the blue cheese overpowered the pear just a little too much. Goat cheese would have been a better choice. Five decent-sized ravioli put us $22.00 out of pocket - that's about 4.25 a piece. The meal doesn't come with a salad. See what I mean about New York prices? Our desserts were tasty - the lava cake and tiramisu definitely taste like they were made on premises. I particularly enjoyed that mine came out hot and bubbly. I'm genuinely please with my meal at Paisano's. I'm sure I'll be back for another good meal.
