Now this is my first one star review and it hurts to give it.  And keep in mind I'm still convinced that if the gentleman who usually works behind the counter was working last night, he would have been able to save this experience.  So here it goes: The first thing that tipped me off upon coming into this place, one of the two Vietnamese places in Burlington that I love to go to get Bahn Thit and Pho, was completely empty dinner hour on a summer night!  Absolutely empty.  We came in, asked to sit down, the girl seemed put off.  Alright. So I ordered the Saigon special rolls and the meatball large Pho, my girlfriend ordered the spring rolls and the ginger chicken dish. We didn't wait long for the spring-rolls, they came out pretty quickly, and I recognized them for what they were:  reheated flash-frozen Chinese egg-rolls.  The carrot slaw seemed a little iffy so I didn't touch it, the sauce was bland.  I was tempted to just suck it up and eat it, stay quiet, but no... this was suppose to be a special dinner at one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants, so I stood up with intent of -buying- the rolls I wanted and asked the waitress about it. First, she was unsympathetic.  She told me "All the same stuff is in this egg roll" and "Imperial rolls are fried almost like a tempura batter" - and "they sent us these menu pictures from a pack and we put it up and some of them don't match the menu items." .  she finished this off with "I'm sorry you didn't understand the menu." At that point I was pretty livid, pushed the dish away not only unsatisfied with what I ordered but made to feel stupid on top of that.   I think I know what an Imperial Roll is when I see one, and what a Cosco bought flash frozen Chinese egg roll looks like.  Anyway: When the Pho arrived, because I do cook quite frequently, I recognized the signs of old food.  The bean sprouts were rotting, the basil was wilted and rotting, and I saw signs of wilted nasty ingredients in my girlfriend's dish.  Now the Pho itself looked alright, but Pho is a soup and you could put a shoe-lace and an old glove into soup and make it look alright.  It should also be noted that the menu says "Rare flank steak" and thank god they cooked the flank steak into a rubbery sheet.  A little concerned already that nothing here is fresh, I stood up to express my concern with the Waitress.  What I said was "I'm concerned about the freshness of the food, and I'm not sure that we can eat this." Her response was "The beansprouts are not rotten, they turn completely brown with they're rotten.." and on from there, huffy and defending the food.  I was seeing red at this point and rather than escalate the situation I told her simply that we would not be eating here. I told my girlfriend that we were leaving.  We were half-way out of the parking lot when the owner called us.  I did a U-turn back over and parked to talk with him.  He was upset by the situation and unsure what was going on, he was indignant that I left and didn't give him a chance to make things right.  I told him that I was getting NO answers from the waitress and that she was basically telling me that I had no idea what I was talking about and offering me no resolution, and that I'd told her we weren't eating here.  He asked me about the Spring rolls my girlfriend ate, I apologized and went inside to pay for them. As I said this is my first one star review.  I don't give them out freely, and I find a lot of good things in even the most questionable of food.  With Vietnamese food its important to be fresh, because they don't cook with a Wok very often and many of the ingredients are raw or rare, if you don't have fresh ingredients you'll end up with a serious case of food poisoning.  The Staff, both waitress and owner, offered no resolution and no apology for my concern... the bean sprouts showed evidence of rot, and the basil was wilted and old.  If they don't bother providing fresh 'cheap' ingredients, like bean-spouts and basil, what the hell is going on with the rare flank steak and tendon in the soup?  How fresh is the chicken going into the ginger chicken? So  if you'd like to take a risk for some Vietnamese food, go right ahead.  Considering since I've been brow beaten by the staff over legitimate concerns and then made to pay 5.95 for spring-rolls that may or may not result in food poisoning, I don't think I'll be back here again.
