This is a far cry from fine dining and if it isn't fine dining they need to reprice the menu. I eat in the Soho, Tribeca area frequently when I travel and have many restaurants that I love.  I also do not mind paying $30 to $50 for an entree and $15 for a cocktail, provided that they are done properly.  I had heard so many things about this restaurant and was excited to go.  I also saw it on several "must eat here" and "best restaurant sites."  It should be removed from all. Some good things:  The restaurant is beautiful.  It's art deco, with high ceilings, and a beautiful bar (reminds me quite a bit of Shaws Crab House in Chicago).  The service was also very good.  Nice wine list also. Bad things:  It's very loud, so if you want an intimate meal this is not the place.  The tables are also too close together so you're fighting to hear your conversation.  I was there at 6:00 on a Thursday and it was only half full, I can't imagine how loud it must be when full.  The seats are also quite uncomfortable, but I can deal with that if the food is good. I ordered a specialty cocktail, Rum Hot Toddy (off the cocktail menu, of when there were only six).  It was served in a white ceramic tea cup with a saucer as if I had just ordered English Breakfast Tea.  It had a quarter of a squeezed lemon in it and a cinnamon stick floating.  It was okay, but not worth $15 and the presentation wasn't worth a damn.   As my entree I ordered butternut squash and ricotta agnolotti with pumpkin seeds.  It came out in less than 7 minutes.  I know to some of you that sounds like a good thing, it is not when it is a $30 plate of pasta.  It was also so hot I burned my mouth on the first bite, also not good.  The butternut squash was completely overwhelmed, the pumpkin seeks might as well have been sunflower seeds as all they did was add a little crunch.  The pasta was not handmade, very soft and the flavor wasn't even very good. Perhaps I shouldn't have ordered an Italian dish at a "French" restaurant, but if it isn't good, get it the hell off your menu. So for my cup of tea with rum and bad pasta I paid $56.  I don't mind paying that much or more, but you have to make things properly when you charge $30 per entree.  Start with, handmade pasta and a good pairing of ingredients.  The cocktail has no explanation, but serve it in a clear glass and actually cut the fruit properly if you're going to charge $15 for rum and tea. Unless someone I trust tells me that I just ordered the wrong thing I won't be going back. If you want good food for the same price go to anyone of 20 restaurants within 10 blocks of this place.  This place is cruising on a cool atmosphere, someone needs to hit the brakes and it's the customers who keep paying for bad food. One review on "Eater.com" said that this place is "consistently the best restaurant in New York."   Whatever, you got something I didn't. If you want good Agnolotti go to Kraft, it's beautiful too and they make it perfectly.  If you want something in the neighborhood go to Galli, they have a great menu and take pride in the service.  Also great cocktails at Galli
