Once a month my friends and I go out for a meal and have a few drinks. We arrived at KC, and checked in with our reservation (there were plenty of open tables) and decided to have a drink at the bar. There were a handful of people at the bar, but service was prompt and the drinks were made well, prices for drinks were reasonable and on par with the area. Moving to our table, we were eventually greeted by our server (not a long wait, but enough time to get settled). The server was pleasant, and knew the menu well. We ordered our appetizers (thick cut bacon and the cold seafood platter) the waiter put the order in and came back about 5 minutes later for our order. We all ordered entrees, sides for the table and a bottle of wine. I'll touch on each portion of the meal because each had its own issue. First, we had to request to have water served at the table. First time I've been at a steakhouse and had to specifically request water. Second, the "bread dish" came around the same time the water did, well after our orders. The bread dish had some interesting hummus come with it in the place of butter. It was quite good. We waited what seemed to be twenty minutes for the first of our appetizers to come out, our thick cut bacon came out first. Typically I am used to other high end steakhouses where the bacon comes out sizzling and crackling on a hot plate. These were covered in greens hiding that bacony goodness and were COLD. Not warm, not lukewarm but COLD. So much so, we sent them back. They brought back our reheated bacon, yet it was only lukewarm and covered with yet MORE greens. We were also left with only our dull butter knifes to cut through the thick, kind of tough, bacon. We did not finish the plates, and mentioned it to the waiter. At this point, the ordered bottle of wine from the reserve list comes out, wait a second.. Where is the decanter? Who in this day and age doesn't decant a younger Bordeaux? Just at the tip of its drinking age, this wine should have come with a tableside decanter. Disappointed, but between the waiter being younger and a bit unsure of himself and the state of the quality of the establishment, I'm not shocked. The wine was still good. About 30 minutes after pouring the glass. But for ~100 dollars, you could really dust off a decanter. The cold seafood plate was reminiscent of store bought imitation crab in a plastic tub, nothing was prepared or deserving of any "higher end" steakhouse and absolutely not worth 35 dollars. It included half a lobster tail, a few shrimp, scallops, oysters and crab meat. Again while not bad, not worth the price point, at least as advertised it came out cold. Shortly after, a house salad comes to the table, which was not bad.   The entrees. This is why I suspect KC has lost it's "Prime". Two of us ordered porterhouse, one ordered the special (lamb), The porterhouse was ordered medium rare and came out so, it really was cooked well and the chef knew how to prepare it. However, the entire stake was laden with gristle and a large amount of tendon which made it difficult to cut and difficult to eat. Once again, the meat came out COLD. This was not quite as cold as the bacon, but was absolutely tepid. To say this was not "prime" meat would not be a stretch, and absolutely the chef or selection could have seen the amount of gristle and tendon before unpacking/cooking and sent it back to their supplier. The lamb, while good, was also cold and a bit under cooked. We learned from the bacon not to send anything back to be fixed. The waiter, while he was a nice guy, and somewhat attentive. He was quite unsure of himself, and seemed new to high end dining. When asked for fresh cracked peppercorn, he pointed to the grinder on the table. Most establishments would grind it for you. Yes we tipped well, yes he was a nice guy, but he was somewhat slack in high end expectation and service. The cost. For the three of us just tipped 100 per plate. While it is not out of the ordinary, it is interesting to note that the website menu lists the porterhouse at 39 each, the actual cost was 41. It is only two dollars, yes. But if a high end establishment neglects their online presence, what else is suffering? I can tell you what else, quality, attention and customer service. At minimum they should have reduced or taken off the bacon that was poorly prepared and served. Instead we were charged full price (and over the online menu pricing) for poorly prepared food. Easiest thing for us to do is enjoy our night, pay the bill and warn future patrons to beware
