I am not sure where to start! My husband and I had an intimate, "destination" wedding in NYC, and wanted to find someplace truly memorable for the reception with our family (we were a party of 9). Restaurant Marc Forgione was PERFECT. In making a reservation for a large party, I worked with the manager, Mariette, via email. She was wonderful! I have dietary restrictions, and she was incredibly accommodating in adapting the menu to meet my needs. Everything about our reception was perfect. I had initially been slightly concerned that the items on the large group menu would only be alright (e.g. Chicken Under a Brick seemed hard to get excited about), and that there wouldn't be enough food, because everything was being served family style. From the amuse-bouche to the dessert, everyone at the table was immensely pleased. In fact, I've never been so impressed with a chicken dish... I could go on and on about the food, but instead, I'll heartily recommend that you go and experience Marc Forgione on your own. I wish I could remember our waiter's name! She was very attentive, and incredibly friendly. My father was hosting the meal, and was slightly intimidated by the extensive wine selection as he had the least experience in the group with wine. The sommelier was incredibly helpful, and helped him select and understand the wines that we had with our meal. The extra attention that he gave to my father and his selections added a wonderful element to the evening. We knew our food and experience would be good, a simple Google search shows the accolades and awards that this restaurant has been given. With that in mind, I can honestly say that our experience and food was amazing. It was a dining experience with all the quality, creativity, and depth that one would expect a Michelin-rated restaurant to have, without any of the stuffiness or coolness that you can experience in a restaurant of Marc Forgione's status. It was a very memorable evening to begin in, but I know that our experience at this restaurant will stand out for years! Thank you, everyone at Marc Forgione. We can't wait to dine with you again.
