Let me preface my 2-star review by saying that this is a new restaurant and that there's always kinks to work out. I will be coming back again to see how things change. The food is good. I should state that from the outset. I had the fried tofu appetizer [sorry, can't remember the exact name] which really hit the spot. I followed that up with beef over broken rice. The meat was very tasty and tender. I would certainly order this again. My negative points: when I arrived at the restaurant, I was meeting my friend there. When I entered, I was asked how big my party was and then was sat. This was around 5:30pm. My party was a few minutes late in arriving and when it became apparent that I was going to be alone for a few moments, I informed the waiter and asked if I could order an appetizer. The waiter told me that the chef only allowed a one-time ordering process. And with that, my waiter walked away, not asking if I'd like something to drink and not even offering water! I thought this was very rude. And to top things off, the hostess [owner, I think] asked if I would give up my table and wait outside since my party had yet to arrive. As one who's run and worked in restaurants, this is just a no-no and is very rude. At that moment, my party arrived and as they were taking their coat off, the waiter came up, in a rush, and asked if she was ready to order. She looked at him a bit wild-eyed and said, "no. I just got here", at which the waiter stalked off and did not return to take our order for another ten minutes. Again, all the while, no drinks - no water. In summary, the food was good [though the Vietnamese coffee was way too bitter/strong] but they lack on service and etiquette. For that, two stars. I hope to return soon and see if they've improved. -- UPDATE I went to VC tonight for dinner [which just happened to be my birthday] and the food and service were much better. The staff was more together - actually, they were fantastic, but I'll get to that. We arrived shortly before closing and instead of being turned away, they sat us. For me, that's a big plus. Secondly, unbeknownst to me, my friend had gone and gotten the staff's attention while I parked, had them go next door, get a cupcake, go to the dollar store two doors down and get a candle!, just within the time it took me to drop her off and park. When our meal concluded, the waiter came out with the cupcake and candle and proceeded to sing me happy birthday. This is service that's just not had at other places. I really appreciated the coordinated efforts of the staff, who saw my friend frantic to put together an ad hoc birthday outing. My many thanks to them. 5 stars well earned.
