I came here last weekend for the large format bo ssam dinner with friends.  I was super excited, as I'd been to Momofuku Noodle Bar on another visit and really enjoyed it.  I knew it was going to be cramped and loud, as most NY restaurants are.  But I was ready for that- par for the course, really! Despite all the hype surrounding Momofuku, the hostesses and waitstaff are always very laid back and kind.  No NY attitude here, at least not from what I've observed!   However, the reason I dropped a star is because of the PAINFULLY slow service!  It took about 20-25 minutes to get a drink.  And I get that the place is always slammed.. and I have no problem waiting for a well-made drink...but at an average of $14 a cocktail, you think it'd be worth it to THEM to add an extra bartender or something!   The bo ssam dinner was absolutely delicious.  The pork butt was perfectly cooked, served with buttery lettuce leaves for wrapping, delectable kim chi, a savory scallion sauce-- even the rice seemed to have a little special som'thin' to it!  I can't wait to re-create a bo ssam dinner at home, though I know mine won't compare :) I do think it should come with two dozen Blue Point oysters, rather than just one.  Please, don't make us fight each other for them!!  We ordered another dozen right at the beginning of the meal and, even after inquiring about them, were still waiting for them at the end of the meal.  I actually stopped eating because I wanted to fold some more juicy little oysters into my wraps... but they were nowhere to be found.  Did someone drive out to Long Island to catch these things?? We asked about them a second time and, 15 minutes later, they arrived.  No matter how busy or high profile your restaurant is, if someone needs to ask about a dish after 25 minutes, you make sure you get it out there asap-- especially if it's RAW!  After all that, I expected that they wouldn't be on the bill... but they were.  We could've been jerks and made a stink about it until they took it off, but that's not really my style..unfortunately. Anyway, I'm sure I'll be back.  But next time I'll be sure to hit up a happy hour beforehand. :)
