This is the GF's and my second time at this Stephen Starr beer house ... and once again - it was really all about the food for me (I'll admit - not the biggest beer drinker - more of a liquor and wine kind of guy). Starting with the environment though - clearly laid back, relaxed, and friendly. From the hostess to the servers - typical Stephen Starr quality - they are on point. It seemed like everyone was enjoying the beer selections which were on draft and available in 1L and even a 5L keg! Malbec was nice - the GF had a cider which she enjoyed - twice even. Foozball tables, ping pong tables, Jenga - all provided by this beer house/garden. Anywa - onto the food - because that's what it's about anyway: Spatzle w/ mushrooms and bacon - nice consistency. Definitely heavy, but in a comforting way. Wanted to order again ... but something else had to be ordered (you'll see) Potato pancakes - latke style - very very nice. Sour cream and chives on one side - apple sauce on the other. Good dish. Weisswurst Sausage (veal/pork) - Delicious. Nice snap. 1st time to FH, they didn't provide a bun ($1 option), this time around they provided the bun gratis and it makes it. The accompanying mustard was a sharp, 'clear your nose' variety - really worked to offset the heaviness of the sausage. You have the option of sauerkraut or cabbage. While I love sauerkraut, I went for the cabbage for the 2nd time in a row - well worth it. Clearly braised for awhile with the addition of some brown sugar - it maintains a nice consistency and lends to some sweetness which works to offset that heaviness of the sausage. Classic Burger - nice 'classic' burger with no major fixings. But it was tasty nonetheless. Accompanying fries were a bit on the salty side, but very good. The curry ketchup they serve is unique and outstanding. And ... because I can't get enough food ... I went back and ordered the Kanzler - their premium burger with dry-aged beef, balsamic onions, and bacon. That beef - was certainly of a higher quality and worth the price of $12. The balsamic onions were not that noticable nor was the beef, but the beef was clearly the star anyways. Same side of fries accompanied the burger. Soft serve - as always, a hit with the GF. My dessert was the 2nd burger so I can't really comment on the soft serve other than to say it was OK. Will definitely have to try those alcoholic shakes the next time around. The area seems a bit sketchy but it seems inhabited - it is only 2 blocks from SEPTA (MFL - Girard Station stop).
