THE HALAL GUYS AND THE MYSTERY TO THE SECRET WHITE SAUCE RECIPE! When heading over to the Halal Guys on 53rd and 6th Ave, take heed to beware of imposters! It's easy to pick out which cart is theirs when you have line of people a mile long stretching across the front of the Hilton as it runs West from their famous corner on 53rd and 6th. But what most people don't know is that they have a few other food stands that are open and available within less than one block from their world famous corner. These locations have been confirmed as affiliated because they have the same yellow bags, they serve their food in round tins, and all members of their crew are wearing their famous yellow shirts and huge yellow menu with 3 options. If anyone else tells you that the owner of their cart is a brother of the famous cart, then you should call him a liar and remind him that in some countries such offense is dealt with by cutting out a man's tongue! Confirmed Locations of Affiliated Food Stands: 8pm to 4am on the Southwest Corner of 53rd & 6th Ave. Noon until Late night on the Southeast Corner of 53rd St. & 6th Ave. 11:30am until Late night on the Southwest Corner of 53rd St. & 7th Ave. How good is the food? 2700 Yelpers would not have taken the time to rehash how it was while preserving a solid 4.5 star rating without something being to it. If you're still wondering how good this food is then you should know that you should never even THINK about cutting someone on this line or else they might cut you! I'm not even joking ... someone once got killed when attempting to get ahead on this line to get their Chicken & Rice a little faster (gothamist.com/2009/12/11…). Is this food really worth dying for is not for me to say... all i can say is that you better not try to push your way ahead of me. So what is it that makes the food so good? Some people say that the SAUCE IS THE BOSS! Every Halal Cart has their own "White Sauce" which I would hope would be more than just thinned out mayonnaise. After doing some research, I've uncovered what may be the elusive formula of the white sauce served at the 53rd and 6th Ave Halal Cart. Ingredients: 1/2 cup mayo 1/4 cup water 1/4 tsp. horseradish 3 tsp. white sugar (divided into 1 tsp. each) 1/4 tsp. salt 1/4 tsp. black pepper 1 tsp. lemon juice 2 tbsp. white wine vinegar ~1/2 cup Ranch dressing ~2 tbsp. Greek yogurt ~2 tbsp. sour cream ~2 tsp. dry dill weed Step 1:  Mix the first 8 ingredients from the list in a small bowl. The sugar should be divided to adjust the sweetness of the sauce in case the yogurt or sour cream make the sauce too sour and require something for balance. Step 2: Add the last 4 ingredients to smooth the texture of the sauce depending on the chunkiness created by the yogurt or the horseradish you may need to add some water to thin it out. Again, if you find that it's still too sour, add another teaspoon of sugar. Step 3: Keep stirring until you get the right consistency. Step 4: Serve over your platter of chicken and rice! Now that you know the secret to the sauce you can take comfort knowing that to make this properly requires practice, practice, practice! But don't worry about having to make this yourself, because now you know that you can get your fix from these guys almost anytime of day. Don't be fooled by the imposters! Go for the best and stay away from the rest!
