I simply cannot believe how long it's taken me to review this establishment. I have been here nearly ten times in the last five years or so. As previous reviewers have noted, the unique dish that this restaurant is known for is the uncooked steak that you cook yourself on an oven-hot stone. Your first visit, provided that you eat red meat, should certainly be one of their cuts of steak. Regardless of the cut of meat you choose (I personally prefer the two giant filet mignons), you will receive meat that is of the utmost quality. The quality is such that if you were to burn a portion of your steak to a crisp, you would still have something edible and delicious. I have seen several diners simply allow the steak to grill, as is, on the hot stone without cutting it first. While you will still obtain acceptable results with this method, the recommended way is to remove your steak from the hot stone, cut your steak into small portions (say 1 1/2  to 2 inches wide), add a swath of garlic butter to the stone, and cook perhaps three portions or so at a time. You will probably need about one minute per side to achieve a medium rare to medium doneness. After you have tried the steak, your next visit should venture into the seafood area. I have ordered their fresh tuna on a hot stone, which is also excellent. It does tend to require more butter despite it being cut up and only needing a sear for each portion. Their other seafood dishes, including the stewy bacalhau, are also quite respectable. Portions are very generous, as is typical for Portuguese restaurants. Valenca also carries a wide array of more "traditional," smaller dishes including a carbohydrate, vegetable, and protein. I have tried their skirt steak, which is actually cooked correctly as ordered. Their smaller seafood offerings are also very respectable in terms of quality, taste, and portion size.. With all the glowing praise aimed towards this restaurant, you may be wondering why I am not giving Valenca a coveted five-star review. There are a couple of reasons, the biggest one being the service. Even when eating at this establishment during non-peak times, service is quite slow, and on many occasions after asking, they would forget to give you water, the dessert menu, or even the check. The other reason is the saltiness of the some of the food. I found their paella to be overly salty, more than most other establishments. Even the tuna on a hot stone had an uneven amount of saltiness. Despite these shortcomings, Valenca is certainly a must-eat if you are ever in the New York City/Northeastern New Jersey area. You will not be disappointed. Reservations for this establishment are an absolute must on Friday and Saturday nights. If you have not made one and there is no room in the restaurant once you arrive, you can always eat at the large bar area next door, which I believe (it's been a while) also features waited service. The bar offers the same food at the same prices. However, being a more casual eating area, the bar area also includes more noise.
