It's arguable that Brooklyn became a restaurant destination a long time ago. It really didn't until recently. It started when a handful of young, well-funded restaurateurs left Manhattan in search of not just cheaper rent, but of a place where experience didn't matter, and success could come without much effort. For a while, Brooklyn was that place. Brooklyn mastered atmosphere early on. Its style -- emerging from glowing candles in rundown windows and the resurrection of abandoned infrastructure -- became a dazzling patchwork of culture that we now consider commonplace. Today, what we know as 'Brooklyn' serves as an often-obnoxious, artisanal theme that's mimicked all over the world. Nevertheless, at first, food and service in Brooklyn took a back seat. People were willing to compromise basic hospitality for a cool vibe and something strangely new. It worked. But as Brooklyn's market became flooded with inexperienced rich kids looking to pursue their dreams, and the price of living quadrupled (literally in Williamsburg's case), the customers started having standards. The exchange between bohemia and paying customer resulted in the weeding out restaurants that were too stubborn or inexperienced to evolve. The best Brooklyn restaurants survive. Now, food and service each play as critical a role in a restaurant's success as atmosphere does. And while new places like Talde in Park Slope or Littleneck in Gowanus understand that, it's the remaining pioneers that offer the best experience, and Anella is one of them. Anella is to Greenpoint what al di la is to Park Slope, what Motorino used to be for WIlliamsburg. It's a real neighborhood restaurant where all of the fundamentals, including that unique, special Brooklyn vibe, glow like a candle in a window. The food and drinks are excellent, and the staff will do whatever they can to accommodate your requests. On your way out, if you can make it past the door without being thanked by just about everyone, be surprised. One of my favorite restaurants in the borough.
