Hi folks, this is my first yelp, just had to celebrate that for a minute. Now, I wanted to start on a high. in short, Pepe's is where good pizza lives. Pepe's is how I know that I'm home back in New Haven. Seriously, when I come home my ritual is to get in a car from the airport, go to Pepe's first, and then drive home. Now you'll know that you're on Wooster street in front of Pepe's when you see a line out the door, 'The Spot', which is Pepe's alternate location built essentially to take the overflow of take out customers, there is no delivery, and I believe they now take a little plastic, but really its a cash business. Now, like any good frequent Pepe's customer, and New Haven native, I refuse to go and actually sit in the restaurant during normal meal times, as the line is huge, as I mentioned, and thus beneath me. And it should be beneath you too, unless you're in town for only lunch time and need the best pizza you've ever had. I have sent many people here, and each one has thanked me. Quick hint, go around 3, the place will be all yours, unless people start following my Yelp page. To be honest, all pizza is good at Pepe's and you should try every one. I confess to being boring and almost always ordering pepperoni and garlic. It is delicious, I recomend it with mushrooms too, but it is literally adictive. The pepperonis are salty, fantastic, the crust is near burnt, and if there is one problem with Pepe's its that the salt and oil make you thirstier than 10 sailors. Luckily, man has invented beer: problem solved. To sum up you can go to Pepe's and order anything your heart desires on a pizza. (minus broccoli-rob, I'm actually always pretty astonished by this, rookie mistake Pepe) Just whatever you do, remember to respect the turnover rate on tables, the waitresses will do all in their power to get you fed and out of there as quickly as possible... all a part of the charm of the place. Lovely, well that's Pepe's in a nutshell. I would never rate this 5 stars if it wasn't really the  best I've ever had, and really a legendary place in my town. It occupies a special place in my life so if you're ever in town. Right, well, all that's left is to sign off. Peace.
