I swear, this is the best $6 you will spend in all of overpriced Manhattan. 3000+ reviews and a 5-star rating is seriously unheard of in Yelpdom. For all the haters: come on now, this isn't the Gramercy Tavern - it's street fucking food served from a roadside cart! Anyways, if this is your first time visiting these guys, just look for the fellows in yellow. I think that rhyme is a little bit of Jay-Z rubbing off on me... or not. Now you may get confused though because these guys are located on the southwest corner, the southeast corner, further west along 53rd, and on the corner of 53rd and 7th. It really doesn't matter since they are all owned by the same owner. However, I must say that I prefer the cart at the southeast corner of 53rd and 6th because there is a little eating area about 50 feet to the east as well as a phone booth that I ended up eating at to shield myself from the freezing gusts of wind. $6 and an extra buck for a canned soda will get you a bowl of orange rice topped with chicken, pita bread slices and iceberg lettuce. They also packaged me two white sauce containers filled with a yogurty sauce and two containers of the spicy red sauce that was so spicy that I knew I would regret it in the morning...  and I did. I ended up dumping everything together and just inhaled the savory dish like a Dyson vacuum. While the hodgepodge of orange (rice), brown (chicken), green (lettuce), white and red (sauces) looked like the aftermath of a cab running over an oompa loompa, I didn't give a shit about the way my food looked because it seriously tasted amazing. In an era of pretentious food trucks overcharging for shit, it's refreshing to see that the Halal guys are staying humble. And, I still find it astonishing that despite the shit economy caused by those crooks on the south side of the island, the ever-rising gas prices, inflation, etc... the Halal Guys still sell their delicious chicken and rice plate at a reasonable cost. If only I could have kidnapped one of the guys and brought them over to LA with me... damn those millimeter wave screeners at JFK. Halal Guys, Gyro and Chicken, 53rd and 6th, or whatever the fuck you guys call yourselves, I will definitely be back. BTW, I think that instead of going to some no-name shawarma restaurant, the Avengers should have been shown eating some chicken and rice on 53rd. Then again, what does Hollywood know about NYC? Hours: 53rd St & 6th Ave "Original Location" (in front of Hilton) / 7pm to 4am 53rd St & 6th Ave  (across 6th Ave from above location) /10am to 5am 53rd St & 7th Ave / 10am to 5am Picture: Picture of the phonebooth and the chicken bowl where I dined in below-freezing temps: bit.ly/11NaHsv
