Great place. As I am a big fan of tequila, the fact that this place has an entire wall of it made it quite endearing. One thing I found myself searching for is whiskey. I understand the effect of a whole wall of tequila, but whiskey should never be left out of the equation. Maybe it was there and I didn't see it, but I searched for some time and it's a bar so brightly lit it is not. They also have great mojitos and margarita if that's your thing, often having a special flavor too. The blood orange mojito was something new and worth a try. The bartender is great; a charming asian guy is usually there and even remembered my ex-girlfriend the last time I was in there, which to me is why I tip well, so the next time I come in I can get the same drink I had last time with nothing more than a nod of the head. I liked the interior space; it has essentially two rooms, one all tables and chairs seating and the other was a mix of high tables & chairs with a bar tucked in one corner. The rail that separates the walking space is a nice touch when it gets a bit more crowded. The outdoor seating is nice but the last time I was here they were doing construction with scaffolding and fencing on the building next door which didn't provide the best backdrop but what can ya do? As far as eating here, I am a big fan. First off, any place that gives you housemade nachos and salsas while you decide is alright by me. They give you a bowl of chips and I want to say some adobo-based salsa and then a tomatillo (tiny green tomato) salsa which are quite good. On my first visit to this place I started out more speculative, trying dishes I know you can't mess up, ala a burrito. Not let down, I returned on many an occasion to sample a good deal of what else was left on the menu. Steak, chicken, salad, etc. and they're all great and unique in their own little ways. One item in particular that caught my eye was the fact that they had goat. And in my last visit I see they make a shirt that notes the fact adorning the wall. So I chose to get a goat burrito and some fried plantains (Platanos machos) and a nice Chili beer. The goat burrito was great and had a good balance of ingredients inside, unlike most places where you're getting about 3/4 rice. The fried plantains were great and could really be eaten before, during, or after a meal, it didn't feel like dessert as I'd previously inferred. And as far as the beer, it has a pickled jalapeño in it which made the beer rather spicy. To put this straight: 1) I like spicy things, jalapenos pickled or fresh are more than alright by me. 2) I like beer. It's a battle of hydration & dehydration but I like the fight. That being said, it's never a combo I'd like to try again. I don't really care for Bloody Mary's either, so maybe that's a sign that I missed. The jukebox is relatively up to date (Girl Talk) but had some great classics on it as well. All in all, you'll be seeing me again Dos Segundos
