Although only eating here twice (for dinner and then brunch), I feel confident saying this is one of my favorite places to eat in NYC.  A trendy little joint where beautiful people go for good food and good drinks. When friends come in town, Extra Virgin is a place I tell them to go. Came for dinner on a Sunday around 10pm. There were people in the restaurant, but it wasn't packed. Had a nice glass of red wine and got the lemon crusted chilean seabass. I'm not a huge fan of fennel, so instead of the fennel potato puree, crispy artichokes and salsa verde I had the truffle whipped potatoes, brussels sprouts and porcini sauce. Wow. It got awkward when I licked the plate clean. I'm kidding, I didn't but the thought definitely crossed my mind a few times. Decided it was a dessert kind of an evening, and the menu made the decision a hard one. It's the kind of place where all the desserts sound amazing. After taking our server's recommendation we went warm mixed berry cobbler with white chocolate ice cream.  Double wow. One of the best meals I've had in a while. Came back for brunch on a Sunday with two friends about a month later. Had to wait a bit but during brunch hours, who doesn't?  I ordered the eggs benedict and they ordered the banana french toast, and monte cristo sandwich. I'm an eggs benedict connoisseur, and these definitely received my stamp of approval (and everyone else's at the table).  It came with fries and I ordered a side of the gorgonzola fondue - best decision EVER.  If IV drips made of gorgonzola fondue are ever invented, I'm in trouble. The banana french toast was super yummy and intense and although monte cristos really aren't my thing it was definitely good. The only downfall - it's a bit cramped inside. But hey, it IS New York City after-all.  Also, if you are in a rush, this might not be the spot for you. The staff is a bit on the slow/inattentive side. Not in a terribly annoying way - just don't expect to order, get your food, or the check right away. Looking forward to another Extra Virgin meal.
