After a wednesday night happy hour, the menu at Brooklyn Star sounded excellent. Stumbling down the street from the nearby Lorimer stop off the L train, Brooklyn Star is located on the  surprisingly quiet corner of Lorimer and Conselyea; only a block away from the always bustling Union and Metropolitan. Not knowing what to expect, we walked up the concrete handicap friendly ramp and pulled open the door of the non-descript brick building. Once inside a sizable bar greets you with ample seating both at the bar itself and at several tables lining the wall. Connected in the back of the restaurant was a full dining area with long wood tables. We received a friendly welcome from one of the wait staff and she left it up to us whether we wanted to grab a seat in the bar area or the dining area. The place had a few patrons, but due to the size of the place and that it was a dreary wednesday there were a lot of open seats. We chose the bar area. Taking a moment to get ourselves situated, I noticed that the bar has a very "clean" look, meaning not a lot of crap all over the place so no taxidermied animals, oddities, and typical brooklyn bar crap which is nice. huge cabinets of liquors and a couple of chalk boards above them do the work of filling the space. Seeing the numerous reviews on the country fried steak, and being that its country fried steak - how can you not appreciate deep fried steak covered in gravy with mashed potatoes? - had to try it. Also, just cause I've never had, I needed to give those deep fried pig tails a go ($12). The country fried steak was portioned well. Two steaks on top of a bed of mashed potatoes and hot slaw covered in gravy. There is supposed to be bacon somewhere there too but not sure where that went. Or I might have just devoured it in one bite. The steak itself is well done. Tasty. And the potatoes are good also. Writing about the plate is making me salivate. The deep fried pig tails were good. They were a bit price-y and I'm not sure whether I would order them again. Not that they were bad. It's just that I would liken them to buffalo wings; the tails are cut into buffalo-wing sizes and put into a buffalo-wing like sauce. They're even given to you in a bowl with a bowl for the bones. You get something like 6 pieces and 4 pieces of tots. The tots looked like hush puppies but were good and tasted from scratch. Service was on point. The kitchen turned out the food blindingly fast...that or my sense of time several drinks in was considerably warped...or both. The staff were all very pleasant and made me feel welcome. I ended up with around a 90 bill but thats taking into consideration tip as well as four shots of knob creek, two beers, the country fried steak, and deep fried pig tails. I don't think thats too bad as it would have been half that without the drinks. as the knob creek was $8 a pop. I really enjoyed Brooklyn Star, with its delicious southern inflected comfort food, solid wait staff; and comfortable atmosphere. (Plus upon leaving, I saw that they do $1 oysters during happy hour, definitely come back for that). Brooklyn Star is 5-stars!
