Yum! There isn't too much left to be said about the Corner Bistro. It's even featured on an episode of How I Met Your Mother when Marshall is trying to remember where he had the "best burger in the entire city". And although he has to repeatedly tell people who suggest this place as the answer, "NO! It was NOT the Corner Bistro!", it doesn't mean it isn't a damn good burger. If you're anything like me, you'll be beckoned in by the under-spoken red neon sign hanging above the inconspicuous corner door. And what an establishment; it's old and has creaky floor boards. The menu dutifully hangs in one spot each on the front and back walls and is worn and dusty. The lights either tiredly flicker or are already burnt out. The bathroom is smaller than a closet. But that all adds to the charm. After you pick your brew (or ask the 'tender to shake or stir your regular) you won't have to waste too much more time choosing your meal. There are only a couple options for food, and obviously you want to have a burger. I strongly suggest going with what the place is famous for, and grabbing a Bistro Burger. Be forewarned, in the world of burgers, they are on the smaller side and don't come with anything but the sandwich. My husband had to order I think three total, when we went there really hungry one afternoon. I myself ate two that day I believe, and I usually finish only one burger (if even). And if you like fries, you need to order them on the side. The BB comes with the works; bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion. You get your sauces on the side to add to your liking. But at $6.25 a pop, this is doable. These little guys are totally tasty and rrrreally hit the spot. Best of all, they're served up in a jiff, and we all know when our food is fast, it's that much more enjoyable! I've been both on a busy weekend night and a slow weekday afternoon. It was like night and day (no pun intended!) as far as wait time. We predictably walked right in and sat at the bar during a weekday afternoon and conversely, waited almost 30-40 minutes in a line that stretched across the entire front bar area to be seated in the (still tiny) back seating area (which isn't quite as exciting as sitting at the bar and people watching). So be informed and plan for a wait on a weekend night. They don't take reservations, it's still a bar after all. All in all, it's an experience I'm happy I had and I'd gladly return. Gahhh....those pictures after the review are making me drrrroooool......!
