It's only by going to restaurants that have smaller, more specialized menus that you can really get the best foods.  Lot2 is a prime example of why this is such a good restaurant practice, not only for quality of food, but for consistency. Their burger is phenomenal when you just want a burger.  The meat is spiced just right where you can taste the meat, and you can taste the spice without either overpowering the other, and combined with the bun and their Aioli on it, the combination is so much better than any of the other burgers that get lost in this or that special addition.  It's a simple burger, and it's what burgers should be. Their Arborio rice dish is so good that I can finally understand how vegetarians can live with themselves.  The balance of the ingredients means that even the sauteed Collard Greens don't overpower the meal. Their self-pickled assortment is nicely balanced between sweet and vinegary so that you can make the appetizer dish pair well with most heavy drinks.  Their Red Wine Squid dish has a great taste and the times I have had it is has been cooked absolutely perfectly - not rubbery like even some of the better restaurants do. Finally, you have the dish that you should make sure to come here for after you dinner somewhere else - the Pecan Pie-ette desert.  It's something that I will have to have them ship to me in CA at regular intervals.  The geletain part at the bottom has a subtle infusion of chocolate, and the bourbon in the whipped cream is subtle enough to just get a wisp of flavor to make it unique and better than normal whipped cream.  If you are turned off by the Hot Fudge that they mention (I was worried at first, not being much of a chocolate guy) don't worry, it's more of a garnish...  of win... The staff are very friendly, provide great service, and as absolutely involved as you expect from a great restaurant.  Make absolutely sure you stop by and taste their food, because I can not imagine anyone being let down by their food.
