French and Africian cuisine? Sure, why not. 9 degrees out? No problem, I'm a NYer. It was my friend's turn to pick a restaurant this month and she wanted something different other than our usual Italian, Asian or American. That's when she stumbled upon Ponty Bistro AND booked it through Savored to get 30% off. Yay! It's not a huge place but it's not too small either where it'll be rubbing elbows with your neighbor. Once you step through the double doors, you're greeted by the warmth, cozy, dark yet light setting. The Christmas lights hanging all around and the little tiny well lit bar reminded me of Whiskey Soda lounge in Brooklyn. We started off with some yummy sangria then appetizers (listed by order of preference): Truffle mac and cheese - wow.... never knew mac and cheese can taste this good. So THAT'S what truffle taste like, kinda garlicky. Topped with shaved cheese on top, my favorite out of the three. I think my friends heard me say "Mmmmm" at least 3x lol. Escargot snails - infused with garlic, butter, herbs and cognac. Yummy especially when you dip it with bread. Although I had better (best was at Jewel Bistro), the flavors were all there and quite tasty. Mussels - small mussels but the tomato broth was good. It had a spicy finish at the end which I liked. My friends order the Niokolokoba (grilled sirloin steak with Senegal spices) and Kasbah Lamb Shank with Merguez (five spices, couscous, and merguez sauce). I'm not a fan of lamb, too gamey. The peppercorns and spices on the steak were very overwhelming and basically overpowered the entire taste. I ordered the Poulet Yassa (traditional chicken dish from Senegal). Honestly, I was disappointed in all the entree dishes especially mines. I guess I was expecting a more exotic taste but what I got was a roasted chicken with a tangy veggie sauce. Ten minutes into eating, I was still left wondering how to describe it. The appetizers definitely outshined the entrees. For dessert, we asked our hot Adam Levine look alike waiter to bring us a tiramisu. It looked so good and heavenly! We could not stop drooling.....  wait, am I talking about the waiter or the dessert? :X This definitely saved this review. Top with a chocolate sauce, powdered sugar and strawberries. Creamy middle. I practically ate all of it. Sorry ladies.
