They foyer on our visit was doubling as storage space for ... apples! They were artfully shelved floor to cieling and it smelled divine! Interesting idea. We were seated in the white room - I had hoped for red, if you reserve a seat ask for your preference. The staff is very attentive which is good but sometimes overbearing when you want to savor that last bite and someone is already all fired up to snatch the bowl from under your nose. The whole lingering over food thing is something you have to reclaim and be assertive about here. One of the waiters, a tall black man, I forget his name, kept recommending things (we were doing the tasting menu with wine). He had me change my mind about a few things and I was very glad I did. He also spoke very well about the wine, and when he introduced our wine for each tasting it was a treat and enhanced the experience. I'm the type of person who has little education with wine, so it is nice to have someone who can tell you in clear language (not the poem-y abstract bologna that a lot of people use to impress or intimidate those who don't know as much about wine) what to look out for while you are tasting it, I like that bit of eduacation. I wish I could remember his name, because you should seek him out as he really knows his stuff and talking to him about the food and wine really ups your experience of it, and his recommendations are not to be ignored. Every course we were hoping he would be the one to pour the wine (I was anyway). First course: Phyllo Crusted Florida Shrimp, Cape Cod Baby Squid, Scuba Dived Sea Scallop Sweet Maryland Crabmeat in an Ocean Herbal Broth Or Sashimi Quality Tuna with Shaved Fennel Dressed in Herb Oils and a Spicy Marinade The waiter made me get the first, my fiance had the 2nd. I must say mine was amazing, the better dish and NOT TO BE MISSED!!! The broth is beautiful, that word makes you resist, because it sounds like soup, but it is a brilliant green sauce, not a soup as I was expecting. The seafood of course (not usually my thing at all) was delectable. The main courses were also wonderful. The pre-dessert was a cold strawberry soup paired with a sake that was the most perfect pairing I've ever had! My beau is an Austrian, as is their dessert chef, so we were treated to every dessert on the menu! They were all outstanding, but the meringue was particularly memorable. As everyone raves about, the bread is wonderful, and they sent us home with a teacake which was very tasty. Not being residents of this fine city, we were relegated to pairing it with crappy Starbuck's coffee next day because we couldn't find any real coffee.
