I have mixed feelings about this place.  I got sick afterwards, but it could've been from the cocktails or something before i even went, because my wife and I had the exact same meal down to the last bite.  So unless I got bad chicken or some tainted sauce and she had good chicken and good sauce, it seems unlikely my sickness came from the meal. So then we turn to the experience.  The place is hot right now, and we luckily got there to grab the last available table.  The servers were kind, considerate, attentive (like water refilling), and just had a great vibe.  The music and decor is simple but nice.  I would suggest adding some ceiling fans as it seemed hot when the place is packed and it was only 6:30 pm, when it was kicking off for the first time. There really was no proper ventilation or air moving system.   We had the bacon peanut brittle - good but not really an appetizer nor worth 5 bucks for the little bowl.  If I was the, I would scratch the bread - which was just okay and had overly sweet butter to match it - and give away a small complimentary bowl of the peanut brittle.  A little was all we got for 5 bucks and we still took 3/4 of it home - so a little goes a long way.  And since you sell it to go at exorbitant prices, it's a good way to get people interested if that is free. Then we had the homemade pretzels.  Nothing special for NYC.  The dip was like a mustard flavored cheese and not terrific.  This could be what made me run for the hills.  I know I ate more of it than my wife. Finally we had the fried chicken - both of us.  The chicken was great, but not memorable if you know what I mean.  If you've been around the country and had those memorable friend chickens you will.  The sauce on the side was sort of bland and didn't work with the chicken.  It did work with the biscuit.  The carrot and peas side was weird cause I got 3 slices of baby carrots, and 3 peas, and half a string bean.  Seemed like a cheapo dispensing on their part. Finally, the biggest complaint would be I ordered cornbread and mac and cheese sides - the mac and cheese for my 3 year old.  They never arrived.  Half way through eating, when I mentioned it, I was told it would be a while.  I cut the two sides and saved the money.  But you'd think the waiter would a) go get the cornbread (which he said he could grab in an instant) and say, "You know what, sorry.  It's on me."  Or you'd think he'd take one drink off my bill or offer me another free drink or a free desert for us to share. Something.  Nothing.  That's not good business or more importantly customer service.  You have to make up for your mistake and even grabbing a piece of 1 dollar cost corn bread to give us despite it being cancelled would've done it.  Bad move, dude. Still, I did like the service over all, I did like the place over all, and I did like the chicken.  So I have to give it a half way there review.  Just be warned, a lot of these reviews are coming way stronger than the restaurant is. Also, in NYC, at these prices, I expect the online menus and websites to be updated by web dudes.  Yet the description of the sides with the chicken and the lack of the duck gumbo were noticeable on the current menu.  Keep this in mind.  And there are no specials.
