I came here around 6pm on a Friday on a whim and to my surprise, this place was only half-filled (but it does get filled pretty quickly after 7pm). No reservations here. We had decent white sangria (could have used a little more alcohol or more edible fruits -- there were pieces of lemon in there). The Food: 1) Veal tongue on toasted baguette (3 pieces) topped with red peppers - this dish was the first one we had and it was absolutely delicious 2) Grilled squid - this dish was good but nothing special 3) Black ink and squid with rice - I think I was in my own little heaven when I was eating this. A lot of restaurants in NYC make black ink dishes kind of fishy, but this one was pretty hearty and had zero hints of fishiness. Definitely lick the plate when no one is looking. 4) Lamb skewers (get the four portion one - you will not regret this) - we ordered the two-piece one, and I regret not ordering the four piece one as this one was one of those dishes that you just want to savor forever. It's a simple tapas dish -- chunks of lean lamb with a touch of cumin and grazed with salt and pepper -- but the combination of those few spices really allowed me to appreciate umami to its finest   5) Patatas bravas with spicy mayonnaise and cheyenne pepper - good but kind of heavy (couldn't finish this dish) 6) White asparagus with mayo and black caviar - don't order this one! the asparagus tasted like wet cold noodles and the mayo and caviar don't add any flavor 7) Pan con tomate (3 spreads - olive paste, red peppers, and fava bean puree) - the olive paste and fava bean spreads were decent but this dish wasn't outstanding in any way Desserts: Leche frita (fried egg custard balls with warm cherries) - I wish they gave us a whole basket of these tasty custardy fried doughballs and the warm cherries were a nice touch Almond cake with dulce de leche sauce and ice cream - good The service was decent. Most of the dishes here were scrumptious and left you wanting more instead of a menu of one or two outstanding dishes with the rest as fillers.
