this is an edited review of the one i previously posted below.  i have since eated at habana outpost twice and was beyond unimpressed.  first time i had a catfish burrito.  i asked if they could add cheese and the counter girl said NO.  whaaaaa?  why the hell not?  it's not like they dont have cheese in the kitchen.  they make quesadillas!  so yea, that was weird.  then the actual burrito was so unimpressive for the $8 i paid for it.  it was small, and not very flavorful.  very overpriced in my opinion.  i also had their cheese quesadilla on another occasion and the menu said it was made with smoked cheddar cheese.  um, no.  definitely made with kraft cheese american slices.  the consistency of the cheese, the color, the taste, i recognize kraft slices anywhere.  i was very disappointed, if not angry, at the quesadilla.  so yea habana outpost get 1 star for food. in terms of the drinks, as mentioned before, they have bottled coronas or six point on tap.  that's it in terms of beer selection.  your other drink option besides beer is the premade frozen drinks.  they look like slushies youd buy at a gas station, but they added a LITTLE bit of alcohol.  so for $8 you can get a plastic cup of not-strong, sugary, not fresh mojito.  same for the margarita.  no thanks. so two drinks sets you back $16 bucks and you dont even get buzzed!...plus youve probably consumed about 1200 calories, considering those things are pure sugar and simple syrup.  1 star for the drinks. finally, the nail in the coffin.  habana outpost claims to be "the greenest restaurant in brooklyn."  they pride themselves on being "green," and they use that to draw eco-concious crowds.  everywhere you look theyre toughting the fact that theyre a green restaurant.  oooh they recycle! big deal.  oooh they have PAPER plates made from recycled materials! wow, bid freaking whoop.   habana outpost is so up its own ass with the whole green thing.  firstly, they dont or serve organic food, and thats the easiest way for a restaurant to be green.  secondly, rather than use paper plates, paper napkins, and plastic cups, forks and knives made from recycled materials, why not buy ceramic plates and silverware so you could just wash the dishes and reuse them.  that would obviously make the restaurant more green.  i mean, just because you recycle or use plates made from recycled materials does not make you a green restaurant. sitting outside is nice, sure, but there are other beer gardens and restaurants in the area that have outdoor seating and arent as pretentious and overpriced as habana outpost. very overrated.  im shocked by all the five star reviews. ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW: "ive never eaten here but ive gotten drinks after work here...not much of a beer selection...bottled coronas or six point on tap...and frozen margaritas and mojitos that arent that stong for their price...eh, im ambivalent about this place.  its nice to sit outside on a hot day (especially because they dont have air conditioning inside so you sort of HAVE to sit outside to not die form heat exhaustion in the summer) and have drinks after work, but there are lots of other places i would choose to go."
