Uwaaauagha... so full. Must...finish review before...itis kicks in. *Belch* Ok, good to go. After hearing the praises of this place and its pancake supremacy I headed over to test them. First thing was the wait. At 10:30 on a Sunday the wait was 1 hour. If you have someone to talk to and the ability to grab a seat on a stoop, then it isn't that bad. Not only that, they will pass out pancake bites and maple butter while you wait. The pancakes are the best I've had in a while and I've never had maple butter before. I don't think it actually has butter in it, since its not all that buttery. Its more like a non-syrupy maple syrup. Very good.  Our actual order consisted of fried green tomatoes, huevos rancheros, blueberry pancakes, bacon, biscuits, one of the scrambles, coffee, and bloody marys. That's why my vision is a little blurry right now. The fried green tomatoes were fried, golden and delicious. Adding to that was the jalapeno sour cream. Its so good I'm surprised I haven't had it somewhere else yet (good ideas travel). Huevos rancheros was, well, so so. Two eggs, chorizo, a little beans (like 12) on a tortilla. If it didn't come with guacamole and the great sour cream, I'd be disappointed, even though the chorizo was great. In all fairness, this isn't a mexican restaurant, it baking company- what they do is pancakes. Blueberry pancakes are a great choice. They are fluffy, blueberry-y (the juice soaks the cake) and come with more maple butter. The biscuits were good too, drop biscuits, not cut ones. They have raspberry jam with them which I like even more than the maple butter. The scramble was fine; eggs, chorizo and potatoes. They do make a fine piece of bacon, too- thick and crispy. Bloody marys solid, not wonderful, but good. I'm pretty happy right now. There was a long wait, which probably got much longer, based on the line outside. If you stick to what they're good at, baked things (duh), the food's great. The food is pricier than I like for breakfast, but then again, I won't eat that much again. Anywhere. Ever.
