I was looking for a nice restaurant with good food that didn't require a pre-fixed menu for large groups. I came across Pio Pio and we had dinner here last night as a group of 15. (Definitely make a reservation. They called to confirm day of and they told me that everyone has to be there for us to be seated. They will only hold the table for 10 minutes if most of your party is late.) Decor is very nice. It has the feeling of an upscale restaurant (aside from the brown paper on the tables. haha). It was very spacious and the lighting was just perfect. Our waitress was very knowledgeable. She had lots of recommendations for us. We ordered sangria (of course). They have red and white. We ordered a pitcher of each. They brought us 2 of the white. The waitress told us the bar made a mistake and she gave us a pitcher of red on the house (yay!). The red is sweeter, so I'd stick with that one. Started off with the Calamr Frito. It's calamari that has been nicely fried crispy. I wouldn't order it again because it's just calamari, but the table wanted it. We had the Ceviche Mixto, which is a mix of different seafood with pine nuts and some sort of bean. This was good. I really liked the citrus taste. Also ordered the salmon ceviche (I forgot what it's called, bechichas something). I really liked the green sauce that this dish came with. Finally, for the main course, I ordered 2 Peruvian Combos and 2 Matador Combos for the table. They both come with a whole Chicken Pio and an avocado salad. The Peruvian comes with French Fries, while the Matador comes with rice and beans, tostones, and salchipapa (french fries and hot dogs). I'd say the Peruvian is good for 2 people, while the other is good for 4 people. My only gripes were that the skin on the chicken was just a bit too salty. The tostones were way too dry, but the garlic dipping sauce it came with was really good (I chose to dip my chicken in this rather than their famous spicy green sauce). Overall, everything tasted pretty good and it was a good experience. The prices are decent. For our dinner, it came out to about $22/person. I would come here again and try something else.
