Full review in the blog. Helmed by Jeff Michaud, a Beard Award winner who actually began his cooking career as a youngster at a pizzeria, Osteria has gathered quite a following since its opening despite being rather far from the rest of the city's fine dining.  With extensive training first at Vetri and then in Michelin Starred restaurants across Italy and especially fond of rich, bold, and rustic foods it was actually as much Jeff's menu as Marc Vetri's that I had enjoyed at Amis - that fact alone had me excited for my visit. Making my way into the rustic stylized interior of Osteria I have to say it is a beautiful space.  Highly polished woods, walls made of broken down boxes of wine, a vintage salumi slicer, and simplified table settings with rustic seating all lent to the feel of something vintage yet refined. Weighing the pros and cons of the myriad fantastic sounding pizzas and pastas my water was refilled and I was presented with a bucolic basket made of a hollowed log.  Inside the basket would be warm slices of sea salted focaccia and semolina white bread and alongside an oil can of mildly sweet and glossy olive oil.  Not wanting to fill up on bread I would invariably fail in the task-while the semolina white was good, the focaccia was superb; moist, oily, and salty with a great crumb. Presented plainly yet elegantly, my first taste would be that of Corn Tortelli with Ricotta Salata.  A half portion consisting of six small packets of luscious corn and cream the pasta was more tortellini that tortelli (traditionally round rings) but honestly I did not really care - paired with a simple sauce of clarified butter and shaved pecorino the dish tasted like the creamy equivalent of fresh buttered corn off the grill - a perfect summer dish for the warm weather outside as each pocket burst with dazzling flavor. My second pasta, served simultaneously with the tortelli, would be the Chicken liver rigatoni with Cipolline onions and sage.  This time appropriately titled and served in a rustic bowl the handmade rigatoni was ideally prepared with just a bit of spring in it.  Utilizing ground chicken liver sweetened by melted Cipollinie onions and heavy hints of sage the sauce adhered beautifully to the pasta while grated parmesan added the slightest bit of bite.  At first somewhat grainy in mouth feel the sautéed liver actually melted on the tongue with minimal mastication and the entirety of the dish was decidedly rustic, but at the same time restrained despite using such heavy hitting ingredients. Featuring a Romanesque thin and crispy crust that was lightly charred and slightly aerated despite its thinness I was impressed by the flavor the wood burning oven imbued.  Beginning with the left half as it looked the most interesting I was greeted with a rush of heat, flavor, smoke, and brine as I bit into Polpo.  Utilizing wood grilled octopus atop the wood grilled crust and pairing it with sweet tomatoes, coarse red chili flakes, and smoked mozzarella the entire dish had the essence of a hearty cioppino but in the form of a Pizza.  Not subtle in the least each flavor fought for the palate's attention yet none managed to overwhelm the others - a dazzling pie to say the least and I especially loved the presentation of whole tentacles both visually and orally. The second half of the pizza was one suggested by Shane - he said it was the best pizza in the city.  Entitled Pannocchia and featuring blistered corn, grilled scallions, bufala mozzarella and black truffles it would honestly be hard to say whether this or Tacconelli's white was the best Pizza in the city -  in reality they're both amongst the top 5 I've had anywhere.  Underlied by the faintly woody charred crust, the flavor of the corn and scallions were perfectly paired while creamy pools of mozzarella accented with olive oil and the aroma of black truffles rose to the palate. With dessert I'd enjoy bold flavors of La Colombe - a wonderful brew and aside from the house coffee at Daniel I can't think of a better compliment chocolate desserts. For dessert, the Polenta budino with GianduJa mousse and candied hazelnuts.  Different from my previous budino experiences this version was nonetheless an absolute masterpiece.  Slightly gritty in texture and topped with the characteristic flavors of sweet chocolate and hazelnut in the form of an airy mousse the delicate pudding was sweet, salty, textural, and ethereal in mouth feel.   Adding a spoonful of candied Hazelnuts for added crunch and texture completed the picture and formed what is undoubtedly a member of the top 10 things I've eaten in 2010 - after the meal the maitre d' even gave me the recipe. A stellar meal from start to finish aside from a small miscommunication about the half-pizza I can only say that Osteria is a formidable contender in my mind for best food memories of the year and that the budino will definitely be making an appearance at a future family get together.
