In tow with two friends from out of town, we arrived on time for our 8:30 reservation on June 15. Three lovely people greeted us and said our table was ready, an impressive feat that eludes most in the biz nowadays. The dining room is truly beautiful--large arrangements of fresh cut flowers were perfectly stationed throughout. Another rarity--an actual floral budget! Two perfect roses were on our table. The photos on their website don't do the place justice. The weather was perfect and the patio glowed. Our cocktails were delicious; the small plates tasty and enjoyable. Why 3 stars? The paella was inexplicably a wreck. Small, bite-sized pieces of chicken still had the bone in. Of course, I discovered this by nearly cracking a tooth. After fishing the bone out of my mouth, I thought it merely an oversight in the kitchen. Nope, every piece was the same, which my friend and I discovered by biting into more bone. Do I send it back, breaking the ambiance with friends from out of town? No, we just fished all of the chicken out and discarded it. Truly a shame. After the third bite of bone, I thought I really should spare others the potential of cracked teeth and asked to speak with a manager to suggest it be taken off the menu for the night. A few minutes later, both Donald, the owner, and co-pwner and chef Luis Bollo came to the table. Major points for their professional demeanor. However, chef confused us by acknowledging the problem of safety while offering no explanation about why he continues to prepare it that way. When asked, he said he likes the flavor of bone-in meat. Of course! Who doesn't? Then prepare it with larger pieces, and make it easy to remove bone from thighs, legs, etc.. He acknowledged that others have complained about the same thing and offered to prepare it personally for me on another visit. Donald came back to the table and said 1/2 the cost of the dish would come off the tab. About the dish itself, it was pleasantly seasoned, but I've had better. It wouldn't be missed if it were taken off the menu. I will be back, I'm sure, and hope to give it the 5 stars it otherwise deserves for doing so many things right. We were also comped a dessert in addition to the one we ordered. Both were superb. Until the chicken bone problem is addressed, avoid the paella!
