This attractive place has stood the test of time since opening with a big splash a couple of years ago. We've fallen prey to the incredible amount of buzz (particularly among restaurant workers) and therefore gave 'em a couple of tries. One visit couldn't have been better. Food was fresh and appealing and service was extremely cheerful and attentive. That was on a Wednesday or Thursday evening. A Friday night experience (we had reservations) was the polar opposite. Perhaps management took a cue from the Studio 54 of long ago -- if you're nasty to the customers perhaps they'll want to come back. Suffice it to say that we actually didn't feel very welcome. I can't exactly put my finger on why. I really, really wanted to love this place. They purvey comfort food -- a cliche nowadays but this class of fare always floats my boat. "Comfort food" is the answer for me when the question is "what the heck are we gonna have for dinner" and nothing at all that Hartford can offer up seems appealing. What Dish offers is a wide spectrum of foods all at one place. I can think of no other place where one can get Wiener Schnitzel, Pasta with Meat Sauce, a good steak, and seafood as well -- all in one place. God bless them for serving fresh, buttery rolls with ham spread (a treat from my childhood). It's an appetizer that goes very well with wine. On one trip the carpaccio was stunning - the liver pate inside was fresh and delicious. On another, the pate was not very appetizing at all. Color me fussy, but I'm always a little taken-aback when excessively flowery language is used on a menu. If you're gonna use this kind of language (a "mignon" of tuna?) then by all means charge more but put your all into the food. The pricing here is in keeping with many of this restaurant's ilk in Hartford if a little on the high side (a wedge salad was delicious, but c'mon, guys, the Russian dressing wasn't worth $8; and the steak is nearly as dear as Max's and nowhere near as well-prepared nor tasty). Wiener Schnitzel's breading was over-seasoned. The accompanying spaetzele were served in a mustard sauce that ruined it (hey, guys, this sauce should be served atop some good herring filets - yes, hot). Hanger steak could've been better cooked and better presented. It was lack-luster. A lobster roll displayed shards of dessicated lobster - and frankly we were surprised our server didn't put a stop to it before it came to our table. It was returned, cheerlessly, by our server - a huge muscular guy who seemed to have a thin skin. He seemed genuinely offended that we'd send something back. Service with this football player went down-hill from there. He didn't check back until it was time for dessert. Again, he seemed genuinely disturbed that we only ordered coffee. It was very good coffee, I must say. So good, I asked for some Tuaca with it. They didn't have it. I settled for Drambuie. If I could get some guarantee that they'd be consistent visit-to-visit, I'd return. But for now, I think if I do it'll be on a week-day when they're not so stressed. The place tries a little to hard with the severe decor, fussy menu and general vibe. Let's end on a nice note. The patrons of this restaurant seem to be far less concerned that they're hip than the denizens of Trumbull Kitchen and Salute. It's refreshing to avoid Hartford's poser crowd from time to time, and one can do it here.
