Up in the Philly area, with a coworker for an offsite training, my coworker casually mentions that he's never had either Pat nor Geno's.  And he's craving cheesesteak to boot! Well now!  This sounds like a gastronomical quest if I've ever heard one!  So off to Pat and Geno's we go. We stopped off at Geno's first (yelp.com/biz/genos-steak…) and was sadly disappointed.  Was this famed rivalry, nothing but hype? With dejected hearts we went to Pat's...and was rewarded with what we had been searching for! Again, I had my cheesesteak "wit" (that means "with onions"), with cheesewiz.  To keep our scoring model level, my coworker again orders the provolone. Both were delicious! My cheesewizy cheesesteak was nice and hot.  The bread was much softer then the bread at Gino's - although, it still didn't taste like the freshest bun I've ever eaten.  Unlike Geno's my coworker's cheese was completely melty, and both of our meats was nicely chopped.  And did I mention that Pat's also had a nice delicious sheen of grease on their sandwich?  Nothing disgusting, but let's face it, a good cheesesteak, no matter the type of cheese or the toppings, must - absolutely MUST - have a bit of fat to it.  The paper it's wrapped in, needs to be a little transparent, and while eating your cheesesteak, you need to feel like your arteries are getting a little cramped. On this trip, we ate at 2 cheesesteak places.  Geno's (rated 3rd), Pat's (which we rated 2nd), and Jim's (see my review).  I have to say that this was definitely miles above Geno's - and I've been to both before, and knew that there was a reason why I stopped going to Geno's, and would frequent Pat's if I happened to be in the area. A NOTE: because of the famed rivalry between Pat and Geno's, I find it really hard to write this review without doing a comparison.  Normally, I try to avoid comparing one against another, as each should stand on it's own.  However, the rivalry between these two is so popular, that it's nearly impossible to eat one without thinking of the other.
