I had never been to Extra Virgin, but wanting to make my pescetarian friend happy on his birthday, I reserved a table for 8 for dinner. When we got there we were shown to a table for 6 with 4 chairs squished onto one side and set up against a long curved bench seater. It was literally 3 small (a person could sit on either side) tables pushed together. Having made the reservations, my friends turned to me and said, "This is a table for 8?" To top it all off, the restaurant had placed a 4th table with a party of 3 right next to us so that we were all sharing the same bench. The two parties were so close together that  whenever we had to get up to use the restroom or to leave, the table had to tilt their table up so that we could get out. It was horribly uncomfortable for everyone. Luckily, a server offered us coat check or else we wouldn't be able to fit into the table at all. Our waitress took our drink orders pretty quickly and my dark and stormy was delish. But it took the waitress another 20 minutes to come back to take our dinner orders and only after I waved her down. The food itself wasn't bad. The artichoke appetizer was tough and inedible. Fortunately, the red snapper and salmon were quite delicious. They were cooked perfectly and the flavors did not overpower the taste of the fish. After dinner, our coffee came. My bf watched helplessly as the waitress stood at our table and held his coffee hostage while she had a conversation with her friend. Just reach over and hand him the coffee! It'll only take a second to do your job! Then you can go back to doing whatever non-waitressing things you've been doing all along. The desserts were scrumptious - the berry cobbler was warm, tart, and sweet. The apple tart was flaky and sweet. The peanut butter brownie sundae would have been easier to eat if it had been in a dish or a plate but it was still really good. Then it came time to pay. The waitress told us that gratuity was included in the bill so we just split the total 7 ways, excluding the birthday boy. Some people payed with credit cards and others with cash. The people who paid with cash needed change but when the credit cards came back with receipts to be signed, the waitress didn't hand us any change. We asked the waitress where our change was and she said,"Oh, was there change? I didn't count it." We must have been staring at her because she kept saying, "I didn't count it. I didn't have a chance to count it." Um, we're all going to keep looking at you knowing that you just tried to keep money that didn't belong to you. Because no one at this table is going to pretend your service was that good. Overall, the food was pretty good but everything else was SO frustrating! I don't think it would be worth the headache to go back.
