Atmosphere 5 Decor 4 Service 4.5 Food 5 This place is definitely a solid 4.5 or more. Why did I not find this place earlier? This has got to be one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. This place is full of surprises. literally...and I love surprises :) Came here with my boyfriend for a late night dinner. His flight got in late, so we could not eat till 9. When we entered, the place did not seem too big, but we were walked into a larger dining area in the back. The place was very modern looking, with metal patterned walls with lamps lighting up the place - so it is not your typical romantic dim restaurant that makes you want to fall asleep. The high ceilings of the place made the place very spacious and comfortable. The place is modern, but the lamps and the couch booth seating give the place a romantic touch. It is the perfect balance :) We were seated at a corner back table, where the couch rounded the corner of the table. I like to sit next to my boyfriend when we eat, instead of opposite him, so this was perfect. We started with our drinks, my boyfriend ordered the Whiskey fix, which was very refreshing and citrusy, and I ordered the El Diablo, which was very gingery, just the way I like it. We were already impressed with our drinks... When the bread came. It was served in an iron skillet. Just regular butter rolls, but very fresh. The crust was crusty, and the inside was airy and fluffy. I knew we would not be able to eat all our food if we kept eating the bread, but we just could not stop. This is a warning..the food is delicious...so try hold off the bread. Before our meal, we were surprised with amuse bouche. It was some sort of croquette with I want to say Hollandaise sauce. Not quite sure what it was, but it was very good. Then our appetizers came. We opted to order a few appetizer dishes, and less entrees. The Octopus Cappacio was very fresh, topped with olive oil and flesh mango meat. This added the note of acidity that colored both the dish in terms of presentation and flavors. The flavors made the dish vibrant, not masking the freshness of the octopus, but highlighting it. We ordered the Pulled Pork Tacos, which were heaven in your mouth. Really, if I ever was to get married, this would be the perfect Hors d'oeuvre. Perfectly bite size, clean, delicious. What more can I say. The pulled pork was flavorful and juicy, not drowning in sauce, which is what usually happens with pulled pork tacos. The tomato marmalade adds a twist of sweetness and tanginess while the dollop of avocado mousse just binds and bring the flavors all home. Yum!!! The Crispy Pork Belly was just as delicious. The pork belly was crispy on the outside, but the meat was juicy and flavorful, with notes of sweetness from the honey/ apple cider glaze and a little tanginess paired with the apple. I would come back and order the pulled pork tacos and pork belly again and again and again... We had the Risotto and Duck breast for our entrees. The Risotto was good, not the best I have had, but still very good. It was a little grainy, but still delicious. The duck however, was another dish to die for. There was a confit of leg, which omg...MELTED IN YOUR MOUTH. The duck was perfectly cooked to medium rare, locking in all the flavors of the meat and the seasoning. The Brussels sprouts were crispy and soaked in all the flavors of the dish. We opted not to have dessert, because we were soooo full...but surprise number 2 came. We were surprised with the cutest small bottles of mango infused milk with soda water and micro sesame chocolate macaroons - complimentary. They were both delicious. The mango infused milk was refreshing and light, leaving your stomach feeling light which is the perfect full stop to the perfect meal. The macaroons were not too sweet but had a rich chocolate taste that was not too overpowering. It was so small, that left us wanting more. Finally when we paid and left. We were presented with gifts of stawberry coffee bread (i think that is what they said it was. It tasted a little like banana bread, but it was definitely not banana bread. We ate it the next morning. I ate mine first, and it was delicious, I offered a little to my boyfriend, so that when he opened his, he would have to offer me some. To my horror..when I turned my back to do something, and came out, he had opened his and already finished it :(. He did not even notice he finished it. That was how good it was. All in all, definitely recommend this place.
