I had heard a lot about The Odeon and was really excited when I stumbled upon it while strolling along in Tribeca with a friend. Lets go point by point because I really wanted to give it 5 stars but there were a few things I as a chef (my friend is also a chef) and works in the food service industry found a little off; Décor: I loved the décor. I'm a retro vintage kind of girl so I love the 1020's industrial look of the restaurant is really nice and airy and not to cluttered. The high ceilings with fans really allow fresh air to circulate nicely creating a nice comfortable climate inside. The partitioned off bar was a nice touch so those who are there for a cocktail aren't disturbing those who are there for a dining experience and vice versa. I also loved that they don't allow stroller in the dining room. No, I don't have children and I don't know what it is like to go to a restaurant with a child in a stroller but as a frequent diner to many restaurants around the city tripping over stroller and diaper bags is annoying and I appreciate that they take care of that for those who feel the same as I do. The bathrooms were really clean, no frills, although a full length mirror wouldn't hurt. Now on to the most important part! Food: We both started with the cold cucumber and avocado soup. It was ok, my friends first description of it was "its like eating liquid guacamole." Now that isn't necessarily a bad thing. However, it was kind of bland. We both added fresh ground pepper and that helped. The portion was also a little much. As an appetizer for lunch you sort of expect to have a cup of cold soup but we were actually given what looked like a chili bowl full. It was a little to much, neither of us finished it. Then we each had a sandwich, I had the BLT and my friend had the chicken salad. We both really enjoyed our sandwiches and the potion was perfectly appropriate for a lunch. The BLT was served with a potatoes salad, now I'm not usually a potato salad person but it was really delicious and I loved the whole mustard seeds in there. The only thing I was a little surprised at was the bread on my sandwich was soggy. But the bacon was over the top delicious! Service: The service was really good. Not to over baring but attentive. I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone who is thinking of going!
