I'm not sure what I could say about Osteria that hasn't already been said.. Marc Vetri is culinary genius, the less-than-desirable N Broad address stills draw a crowd, the decor, vibe and service are welcoming and accomodating. I can say though that the meal for me got better as the night went progressed.  Our first course to arrive was the Margherita pizza which was ok, but nothing to write home about for my taste.  The crust was perfectly cooked, but it was paper thin and I like a little bit more bite to my crust.  The super thin layer of sauce got lost on the pizza, but had amazing flavor when tasted on its own (ie the pile of melted cheese and sauce on my plate that slid off the pizza itself).  The cheese was the real star - it was amazingly simple and delicious. Next came the wood grilled octopus.  I was surprised that it was presented almost like a salad with arugula and little potatoes.  The octopus itself was really tender and had none of that weird/chewy/sometimes tough texture that is pretty common with octopus.  There was a bit too much salt on the octopus itself, but it balanced out nicely when eaten in the same bite as the potatoes and arugula.  The potatoes themselves are noteworthy.. try this dish just for them. Next up was the pigs feet (eeks!) cannelloni with truffle bechamel sauce.  I had to put on my brave foodie face to try this one, but I'm so happy I did.  Creamy, rich, salty, earthy.. amazing.  It would've been too much for me to eat alone. so it's a good dish to share with someone else.  The portion is small, but the flavor is intense and I wanted to save room for the dishes yet to come. Last to arrive (or so I thought) was the braised seppia.. I didn't even know what seppia was.  Our server said it was cuttlefish, a kind of squid, served over squid ink polenta.   Whatever it is.. it's awesome.  I'll probably lose all Yelp-cred when I say this, but something about the dish reminded me of spaghetti and meat sauce.  I have no idea why, but there you have it.  This was the most amazing dish of the night by far. To round off the evening, we tried the gelato/sorbet.  Blood orange and cappucino were my favorites.  The others were good also, but not as standout as the first two.
