Wonderful!  An intimate, romantic restaurant with delicious food and drinks!  If you like raspberry, I highly recommend the raspberry mojito.  **Tip they don't take reservations for parties under 6.  We heard that this place was more known for their sides and appetizers so we went a little crazy: Table bread and olive oil (spicy or extra virgin) is served. We ordered a lot so here are the rankings -- Top 5 were the best. 1. Chardonnay Steamed Mussels - THE BEST EFFIN mussels I've ever tried in my life! 5 stars! Perfectly cooked and wonderfully flavored with fennel, garlic, shallots, lemon confit, and tarragon.  That broth was so delicious and perfect for sopping up with the table bread.  I'm already dreaming about these. 2. Truffle Mac and Cheese Tart - Really amazing deconstructed macaroni and cheese tart.  If you like truffle oil, you'll go crazy for this as you really taste the truffle-ness.  Really addicting after the first bite.   3. Lemon Crusted Chilean Seabass (entre) was SO delicious with the interesting potato puree and salsa verde/avocado on the bottom of the plate.  The fish was wonderfully steamy and fresh.  Did not notice the crispy artichokes, however. 4. Fries with Gorgonzola fondue -- thin crispy fries with a really amazing cheese sauce for dipping.   5. Pan Roasted Sea Scallops - scallops were served perfectly seared with a potato pancake,warm bacon vinaigrette and roasted apple.  The sour cream was an interesting touch. - 6. Hanger Steak Au Poivre (entre) this was your basic steak frites dish.  The béarnaise went well with the thin, crispy fries (but I went more for the gorgonzola fondue dipping sauce). 7. Pistachio Crusted Goat Cheese Salad - This was a tasty salad, of julienned roasted beets, endive, watercress, slivered granny smith apple encasing the soft goat cheese at the bottom.   8. Roasted Butternut Squash Soup was pretty good.. not very memorable but it was comforting and flavorful for sure. 9. Braised Short Rib Tacos - two soft corn tortilla tacos, they were good.  I'm not sure if I care for short rib tacos in general. - (There were 3 other dishes I didn't try much: Lobster Tortellini, Brussel Sprouts with carmelized apples and pancetta, Roasted Artichoke Parmesan salad). Dessert: Creme Brulee -- great custard and thick carmelized sugar top Because I tried so many, I'm giving this a 5.  I hope this review helps those deciding on dishes.  Service was alright, the wait was worth it and as for the crowdedness --its NY people.  Nothing new about that! ;)
