On our journey to Philly, we used Yelp to identify places that we should eat.  Alma de Cuba had a high rating and a very high number of reviews.  Can't go wrong, right?  Right! We made reservations and were promptly seated once we arrived.  We were about to be taken up a monstrous flight of stairs when I objected, citing my sister's medical condition as reason to remain on the cool, romantic first floor, which was almost empty.  The hostess conferred with her manager and off we went. The seating was very comfortable, being composed of couches and chairs.  It felt like I was sitting in a dark, candlelit, Cuban living room - very cool. We started off with drinks.  I had a Robusto Mojito, which was sweet and delicious.  It was served with a real piece of sugar cane, I believe, which was tasty to chew on.  My wife ordered a Pina Colada, which was served with real coconut shavings, but the plastic cup was something a kid would drink out of.  My brother-in-law ordered a traditional Mojito.  My sister ordered water and all was well. We were served some fresh bread roles and some green dipping sauce, which was delicious.  Then we ordered appetizers, which included our choice of three ceviches.  We opted for Rainbow (Soy & lime marinated tuna, salmon, black bass, and jalapeno), Ecuadorian Shrimp (fire-roasted tomatoes, orange juice, avocado and corn nuts), and Japanese Red Snapper (Key lime, red onion, chili limo and sweet potato).  The ceviche was straight up delicious.  Always order this! Finally, we ordered dinner.  Unfortunately, everyone except my sister ordered the same dish - Vaca Frita.  This is a twice cooked, crispy skirt steak with onions and Cubano oregano with black beans, white rice and tomato escabeche.  This dish was interesting.  It had complex sweet and sour flavors, but the steak was overcooked and flavorless.  It wasn't nearly as good as some of the amazing Latin skirt steaks I've blissfully ocnsumed. My sister ordered the Chicken Combo, which included marinated grilled breast over rice with shredded chicken, manchego cheese, peas and olives.  The flavor of this dish was intense and very rich - almost too rich.  But the chicken was cooked perfectly and tasted awesome. With tip and drinks (three of us drank a mojito and one glass of wine), the total bill came to $263 for four. Recommend!
