2.5 stars The boss decided to order lunch in for us one day, and we're all psyched.  We usually get sushi on Fridays, but this was a Tuesday.  Scrambling to find somewhere that delivers, I stumbled on a menu for Hollywood.  We'd ordered from there a while ago, so we figured we'd give them another go. We put in 8 orders for lunch ranging from soups to salads to sandwiches (no pizza this time around).  I called in around 11:20 and was told it would be about 35 minutes for us to get our order - perfect timing since we'd be finishing up our meeting around that time. When the food arrived, they not only got all our orders and modifications right but the hot stuff was still hot (and the cold stuff still cold). And it actually got to us in 30 minutes, so bonus point there. The sandwiches were large and definitely filled up the guys in the office. From everyone's reaction, they must have tasted pretty good too.  Two people ordered the escarole and bean soup, which they said was very good but also quite salty.  The reason they're not getting a better rating is their salad.  I ordered a grilled chicken Caesar. Pretty simple, right?  There are only so many ways you can mess something like this up, and they managed to do it. Like, every single way. For starters, the romaine lettuce. The pieces were cut super tiny, smaller than I've ever had before.  And the edges on many of the leaves were brown, meaning they sat around for quite a while before they made it into my salad.  Second, there were almost no croutons. I dug through the whole salad and found 5, and I had ordered a large size!  Then there's the matter of the chicken.  It was dry, burnt in some places, and was not cut into anything even resembling... well, cut.  I had pieces that were nicely sliced mixed in with pieces that had to be 3"x4" with not a knife mark on them.  That wouldn't be a problem if the chicken wasn't too dry to cut.  Lastly, the dressing. I'm not refering to the dressing itself, but to how the salad was dressed. It was slathered in the creamy Caesar concoction. Thankfully the dressing tastes good, but we all know that stuff comes out of a big ol' bottle they buy so it's tough to mess that up.  However, there is still no need to put so much dressing on a salad that the entire bottom of the container is off-white colored water (from the lettuce leaves, I presume).  Unacceptable, and I will not make the mistake of ordering a salad from there again. The sandwiches, though, seemed to go over very well so at least lunch wasn't a total disaster.  I vaguely remember their pizza being decent in the past as well. I'll have to keep that in mind if we order from here again.  But no salads. Definitely no more salads.
