As always, after reading varied reviews about a place I haven't tried yet, I was second guessing my decision about giving the Moshulu a go. Only this time, I was taking my out-of-town guest out for a $35 Sunday Champagne Brunch and I didn't want to disappoint going somewhere I'm not familiar with. But then I remembered, "Oh, right. It's the freakin' Moshulu, a unique experience on an historic boat with unlimited champagne, accompanied by a girl friend who just wants to do something "fancy." Of course we go to the Moshulu! I live here and still haven't been, so off we went. Now for the part you readers actually care about: ~Coffee: Tasted just fine and was refilled to my heart's content. ~Champagne: I'm going to be bold and say (after tasting the mimosa and bellini) it's probably an inexpensive Extra Dry champagne. This is totally fine with me because I prefer that over too-sweet Asti and macho overtly dry Brut varietals anyway! So whoever complains about the champagne being cheap, I'm sorry but I suppose you'd have to be a connoisseur to really care since it's mixed up with fruit juice anyway. We dug it. (Also, no hangovers were experienced, as we drank our waters like good girls.) ~1st & 2nd course buffet food: Mostly hits and a few misses. But at least it's a buffet, right? The croissants (I know there's nutmeg in there!) and danishes got winning marks. The other pastries were pretty good too. Mini quiches wonderfully seasoned, but the pastry shell was lacking freshness. The bagels were cold, hard and awful. Genuardi's has better bagels, but the lox cream cheese was lovely. Who needs the carbs anyway? The sausage & cheese antipasto was a bit too greasy and potent in the wrong ways and didn't really go with all the other stuff around it, but the bowtie pesto was just right: light and fresh tasting with mozzarella balls and grape tomatoes. The lobster bisque was wonderful (although I secretly wished there were some solid bits of seafood in there like a chowder). Incidentally, I actually tried the bisque after I was already stuffed from the main 3rd course, but it counts as part of the 2nd so I'm adding it to this FINE paragraph. ~3rd (Main) course: I selected the filet mignon omlete [sic] which was served with jalapenos and provolone cheese and a side of wedged roasted potatoes covered with a sparkling rainbow of sauteed bell peppers and onions. The meat was great with the peppers and cheese, but I have to say I didn't bother eating the egg part of the omelet because they must have cooked them separate with no seasoning AT ALL and just covered up the meat, peppers & cheese like a lazy taco. The filet and potatoes were tasty and satisfying, it's just a shame they didn't actually cook the steak with the eggs mixed together. Flavors & ingredients = WIN, potatoes & steak = WIN, execution of "omelet" = FAIL. My friend had the pumpkin pancakes and they were just what you want when you order pumpkin pancakes, complete with spiced butter, cranberry garnish & a cran sauce on the plate. Just add syrup and, oh yes, it comes with sausage and bacon on the side. I tasted & was pleased. "Consume all the pumpkin things!" ~Dessert: Somehow I managed to make it to the dessert table (which should not be missed) and enjoyed the fare there. The highlights for me were the lemon tartes, the not too potent tiramisu (I don't like it too bitter and this one was delicate and fluffy), the butterscotch budino (a fine whipped pudding with crunchies at the bottom and whipped cream w/ chocolate shavings at the top), and of course the fresh strawberries dipped into the chocolate fountain. I am not really a rich chocolate person, but if you are, I can tell you the opera torte was delicious as well. Our fine waiter, Bora, was very attentive to our needs and was just flirtatious enough to keep us giddy. (He was really pushing those extra bellinis too lol) I daresay the other tables that were doing the girlfriend brunch thing were quite happy with their male waiters too! So despite the noticeable flaws in some of the items served (and the slight ache in my back from sitting at a 15° angle (it's a boat) in an overly-cushy chair that swallowed my ample rear like a failed puff pastry) I would still TOTALLY go back here to enjoy brunch and gorge myself on culinary delights for 4 hours while a cute waiter brings me coffee and fruity champagne. I bat my eyelashes like Mae West, saying "No, I simply couldn't have another...*pause* Bahaha! Ok, bring me another!" I had a great time brunching but I don't think I'd choose Moshulu for a dinner date. If you're trying to impress foodies that can't hang with a few mistakes, then by all means, forget the old timey charm of the ship and go elsewhere, but I think this was absolutely worth it and if you haven't been here yet, stop flip-flopping and give the Brunch a try. You WILL be full and you there's a good chance you WILL find SOMETHING you like. Perhaps a croissant... Perhaps a waiter! XD
