I turned to Jacob's Pickles after scrolling through several TOP BRUNCH SPOT lists in the city. I needed a place that would easily accommodate a group of 7, and wouldn't break anyone's wallet. Turns out this was the best decision I could have hoped for. The UWS location (and close proximity to central park!) made for a pleasant post-meal walk and the actual ambiance of the place was an awesome brick-laden-bustling-beer-pub vibe with just enough trendiness to attract the millenial brunch crowd. So did the food live up to the set up? yes. yes. yes. The menu was full of  "comfort food" items with a modern twist, but not the kind of modern twist that makes you want to angirly chastise hipsters for ruining classics and storm up to harlem to get some "real" chicken and waffles. No. Everythign we ordered at Jacob's pickles was on point. My order of Honey Chicken and Pickles on a biscuit was everything I hoped for-- tender fried chicken breast that wasn't heavy or greasy, a fluffy biscuit soaked in just the right amount of clover honey. The thinly sliced tangy pickles cut through the fried batter and buttery biscuit so the meal didn't feel heavy and overwhelming at all. My biscuit also came with cheese grits, which were a little salty but really tasty. Some of my friends ordered the gravy-smothered biscuits and thought they were heavy and hard to finish, but hey, not all of these entries are for the faint-hearted. My friend who ordered the fried chicken and pancakes thought it was amazing, and even better than the traditional chicken and waffles (you win this time, hipsters). The portions are big so you get what you pay for, and although the iced tea was a little expensive, it was refreshing and the perfect complement to my biscuit. Also, I must add that I had to change my reservation several time to adjust for people who couldn't make it, and the staff didn't seem annoyed at all like other places I've been to in this kind of scenario. In fact they were enthusiastic and helpful! I definitely recommend this place for groups!
