I came here with a friend on a very blustery Saturday evening.  Walking against the elements, we were greeted into a cozy space with no more than 10 tables in the place.  The style is what I consider de rigueur for New American restaurants: white washed walls, wood floor, understated art.  That being said, it's a style they do it well.   We made reservations*- but there was only room at the bar.  This girl considers the bar the best seat in the house, so it worked out well. Most reviews have not mentioned the cocktails, so let me remedy this oversight now: there is a surprisingly well-cultivated cocktail list- well suited to a variety of tastes.  I decided to order off menu however as my seat at the bar allowed me to spot a bottle of 'fig brandy,' that caught my attention.  The resulting cocktail blended said brandy, Old Tom's Gin, Averna, Dubonnet with the oil from an orange twist on the rim.  Since I had been in a Dubonnet mood, this was unexpectedly perfect. Since the menu changes daily, everything was market fresh. My friend and I split the lobster risotto.  The lobster was not the most prominent flavor, although there were still chunks of buttery meat; there were also some vegetables in the mix as well.   For my entrée I had the spring Lamb, with pureed carrots.  The lamb was exceptionally tender- although I did have some envy for the pork entrée- I was very happy with my dish. I had low expectations for the carrots, and was happily surprised by the sweet complexity.  It was used as more of an accent than an actual side, which prevented the 'baby food' mental comparison that pureed vegetables can sometimes inspire. The chocolate bread pudding was an excellent finish to the meal, although the walnut ice cream was my favorite part of that dish as well.   *Note that the reservation process is a bit involved; and even if you get a phone callback- you are not confirmed for a reservation until there is a firm, verbal conversational confirmation; don't assume that voicemail means you are in.
