I have only eaten there once, last night.  We ate early, so I couldn't really judge how well organized the front of the house was overall, but when we left around 9:00 the place was full, and everything seemed to be running smoothly.  Our server was very knowledgeable, and paired wines for us quite nicely.  The service was attentive and, thank god, not they typical hovering-at-your-elbow kind you get in certain NYC restaurants.  Much more European. In fact the ambience was somewhat North European, similar to a Belgian or Dutch Grand Cafe, or perhaps  "brown cafe" all dressed up. The food, of course, is the main thing.  Between the three of us we had BBQ oysters and the ceviche (daily special) to start.  The oysters had a texture that was truly astonishing and a flavor to match.  I was a little less impressed with the cerviche, mainly because I felt the truffle shaving was a bit out of place texture wise, but it was by any objective standard absolute quality. For our main courses, my colleagues split the tomahawk steak, and I had the duck. Where they get duck like that this time of year, I don't know, but it was sweet and mild, and the corn emulsion was a perfect accompaniment (and they gave me some more of that insane-good potato bread to sop it up).  The steak was as delicious as any I've had in NY, although my colleagues, cretins to a man, ordered it medium well, so it's difficult to compare to the top three chop shops. However!  they served the marrow in a split-bone presentation along with it, and sweet baby jesus in a brothel, was that some good marrow! The cheese plate and chocolate cake (Lady Ashton's) were great finishers, and I couldn't quite place the cake; it tasted half way between a flourless cake and an, um, cake-cake.  I'm not really sure how they did it, but it had a beguliing texture, and both the cake and the cheeses were perfectly balanced:  the cake not sickly sweet and the cheese not overly sharp. The tl;dr version:  simple, quality-ingredient dishes presented in a relaxed atmosphere by laid back but on-the-spot staff.
