OMG- We have been dying to try this joint for weeks.  So when Daddy had a fancy work-related dinner downtown, the boys and I headed to dinner in the hood after studying at the library.   Let me start by saying that our boys enjoyed everything, as did I, which is a bonus when living in NYC and having 2 10 yr old boys, who could eat pizza a/o chinese food nearly every day of the week if we would let them! We started off with the Biscuits and Fixins, while we all thought it was delicious, I think for (9) there should be 3 biscuits vs. just 2.  What can I say, I'm a midwestern gal, and while I know NYC is in general more expensive than the rest of the country, I still think there should be some sort of balance.  Anyhow, we loved how it came with 3 toppings and butter and for this type A Mommy I liked that toppings were in squeezable, aka, non-messy containers.  Ian and Sam and I were in agreement that the honey, strawberry and orange, were all simply delicious and a bit of each on the biscuit was the best route.   The boy split the Mac and Cheese side order (8) and the Street Corn (6).  They thought both were amazing.  The Mac and Cheese was thick and rich with a layer of melted cheese on top, reminding me of the top of French Onion Soup.  The street corn was the best, it was grilled, like at the state fair, but with a bit of a kick, but with the fresh lime to squeeze on it, it diluted the taste just enough to be a perfect taste of heat, but not too hot as to have your tongue on fire, that and the Fresh Squeezed Lemonade, (5).  The staff was very helpful and attentive.  When our boys tasted the lemonade one liked it a bit more tart than the other, and the staff let me pour some of it in an extra glass and took it back to the kitchen and added a bit of sugar to it and all was well.   For dinner I had the chicken egg bacon and cheese biscuit sandwich (16).  This was so bad and yet so good.  I could have easily split this with my hubby and was glad our boys enjoyed it as well, so they ate about a 1/4 of it.  It also came with a whole soup bowl of grits.  Ian was in heaven, as he loves grits!   I couldn't decide between the Speakeasy Prohibition Ale (Amber) or the  North Coast Old Rasputin (Stout)  while I opted for the Speakeasy, which was tasty, our waiter brought me out a hefty sample of the Old Rasputin, which I will definitely be ordering during our next visit.  Oh did I mention he did this free of charge!  How sweet!   Anyway, I'm just so happy to have a fun, tasty restaurant that our whole family can enjoy on the UWS!!  Great friendly, attentive, service!
