I went here yesterday on a recommendation from one of our staff who is a big foodie.  I thought if he loves the place then it has to be good.  Granted, we did go at an off time 3PM which is between lunch and dinner so what I have to report may be influenced by not being on their regular meal schedule and their prep may not be as good at this time. The ambiance is not anything wowing, but it is clean and bright with photos from Greece on the wall depicting what most Americans think of when they think of Greece, very old buildings that were built to last the test of time. My meal was just so-so.  I wouldn't say it was bad, just that it lacked the flare I was expecting.  The stewed veggies were delicious.  The chicken, rice, and hummus were average.  The gyro meat my partner ordered looked a bit dark and oily, which may be because it hadn't been ordered in a while and he was getting the outer part of the meat that cooks on the skewer. The service is what made me give them a 2 star instead of a 3.  Our server was a young guy.  It was difficult to hear what he was saying because he ran words together and mumbled.  This guy might have been Greek, but I'm pretty sure he was at least 3rd generation American.  We had to repeat what we were reading directly off the menu several times for him to get it.  We both ordered drinks, neither of which showed before or during the meal.  I would have brought this up, but we had water and the ordering was so poor I didn't want to have the interaction again.   Now the dessert, that's another story...the baklava was amazing, good sized portion, and the honey on top was sublime.  We also got the peach gelato which comes in a frozen peach.  It was also delicious.  After the first bite, my eyes widened as I looked at my partner with excitement.  I would definitely go there again, just for dessert after eating somewhere else in that Fairmount area.  The service did get better for dessert as a woman took charge of our table, which leads me to believe it was the end of the guy's shift.  She did notice that my partner had ordered a coffee later and asked if he wanted it with dessert.  I did not see the first guy anytime after dessert and he probably left. Finally, hours later, both my partner and I had higher stomach acid issues, not severe, but enough to make me not want to return for a full meal.  My suggestion to the owners would be to watch those in-between times and give a little more effort/direction to serving/kitchen staff since there is more time without the traffic.
