It took awhile to find parking, but I guess that's New York in general I guess. The wait was about 10 or so minutes. The place is small and cramped but it's still a fine place to dine with a couple of friends, not so cramped to where you can hear others conversations although you're kind of close to them but it's more of you mind your own party, I mind my own party, we'll converse if we want to. Generally speaking since the place is small you're not allowed to wait inside. Conveniently, they take down your name and number and then they text you when your table is ready, which is pretty cool instead of running around with a buzzer if you randomly decide to change your mind to not eat there (but you should eat there). So we get seated. I ordered a salmon dish that's layered on top of this hashbrown patty with some kind of sour cream and caviar. My friend Celine got the blueberry pancakes and my boyfriend Jaime got chicken and waffles.  To be honest and not entirely exaggerating, my dish was the best thing that I've ever had in my life. I don't recall the kind of name they had for that sour cream with caviar on top, but it was well complimented for the salmon and hashbrowns. You can taste the freshness of the fish along with the perfect smoked salmon taste. And usually I have salmon with a bagel and sour cream, but whoever thought of matching it with hashbrowns is by far a genius! I mean I did just land from a 7 hr flight and was madly starving, but it wasn't satisfying because I was starving, it was exquisite because of the quality. Christ it was so good and I will not stress enough that that was the best meal I've ever tasted. Celine said she enjoyed her pancakes, but the continuation of sweets was too much but she wouldn't dock it points. She ate what was left of my plate as I had become full, she enjoyed it as much as I did. Jaime does this kind of thing where he moans over food if he really likes it, and he was pretty much doing that the whole time (how embarrassing).  All in all, he was satisfied as well except for the seasonal beer he got. I took a few sips and we both agreed that there was an odd after taste. I will definitely always come back to this place when I'm in New York, my new favorite spot. P.S. We were in a 5 or 7 hr food coma after this, food game too bombbb
