I have a good number of Filipino friends and over the years I've been hearing about Jollibee nonstop. Of course when this Jollibee opened up in Jersey City and I found myself there for work, I had to go and see what the fuss was all about. My coworkers and I got there at about 8:30 PM and there was a huge line that went out the door. Conveniently there is a liquor store right next door, so after a long day at work, my coworkers were able to get some beer to hold them over in line. The line moved relatively quickly considering the amount of people but it still took us about 30 minutes to get from waiting outside to the front of the line. I ordered an Aloha burger, 2 pc chicken w/ a side of fries, peach mango pie, and a buko pandan pearl drink. The bill came out to about $17, which isn't bad considering the amount of food I got. The cashier was friendly and I got my food pretty quickly. The Aloha burger was topped with bacon, (grilled?) pineapple, lettuce, and some kind of special sauce. The beef patty was a little on the dry side, but the moisture of the sauce and pineapple helped a lot. Overall though, the flavors of the burger were great and it is definitely one of the better fast food burgers out there. Even my coworker who claims to be really picky about his burgers thought that the burger was "bangin'." The chicken was quite juicy and was still steaming hot, even after I finished my burger. The chicken didn't have a lot of flavor on it's own but the gravy that it comes with really saved it. The gravy was probably the best part of the whole meal. It was probably one of the best gravies I've ever had. I actually kept some of the gravy to eat with my leftover french fries because it was so good. Speaking of their french fries, they were what you expect good french fries to be: crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside. They had a good flavor on their own, but I only ate so much of it because it was a medium to get gravy into my mouth. The peach mango pie reminded me of a McDonald's apple pie (which I don't really like) but I got it based off a friend's recommendation and seeing a ton of other people at the restaurant eating it.  It was a bit cold for my liking but seeing as how I had eaten a burger, chicken, fries, and savoring every drop of gravy, I'll forgive it. Despite the temperature, I found this to be quite good. I love peaches and mangoes so this pie really did them justice. The buko pandan pearl drink was a coconut flavored smoothie with tapioca pearls. I was not a fan of their tapioca pearls; I don't think they were fully cooked, as the insides were still crunchy. I'm not huge on tapioca pearls to begin with and this really didn't help their cause. The smoothie itself was actually really good and I would get it again, but without the tapioca pearls. Overall, I enjoyed all of the food and I would definitely go there again if I ever find myself in Jersey City. Writing this review is actually making me crave that gravy again.
