I just had one of the most amazing dinners ever. After arriving at Balthazar's on a whim, we were told by the hostess that she could seat us immediately--at a very small table. It was either that or a two hour wait (or perhaps the more logical, find another restaurant). Starved as we were, we took the table. Which, turned out to be possibly the most ghetto-fabulous spot in the entire restaurant. The table and chairs looked as if they were wedged in on an afterthought: I was seated against a locked door and a staircase leading to the bathroom. But, even the amazing feng shui of our table couldn't derail me from the great food, wonderful service, and did I mention the food?! SERVICE: The waiter was very polite, and very knowledgeable. We asked a million questions being that we had no idea what was what on the menu, and he answered everything with patience, off the top of his head. As per his suggestion, I ordered the duck confit. FOOD: (duck confit, steak and fries, and sorbet) The duck was amazing. The waiter explained that the meat would fall right off, and boy did it ever. The bed of salad, wild mushrooms, and potato crisps the duck leg sat on was delicious and a great compliment to the duck. But the duck, oh my. The skin was so crispy and excellent with the tender duck leg. I inhaled it and rolled out of the restaurant. SO good, I'll dream about it for a week. (Of course, it's only fair to say I was very hungry, and I do love duck, so this may have been the perfect dish at the perfect time.) As for the fries, I stole some off my friend's plate. They were very good, but nowhere near "the best fried food" ever. Tasty, and just a bit overrated. When I had a bite of my friend's steak, I thought it was very tasty, but he said the cut wasn't as good as other restaurants, and it was good, but not amazing. He agreed my duck was amazing though. For dessert we shared a sorbet with mango and strawberry flavors. Still great. Nothing to write home about, but delicious nonetheless. So, by the end of the night, I was full, happy, and couldn't stop gushing about the duck. The price isn't too outrageous--it's affordable, but definitely not cheap. My duck was around the mid $20s and the dessert was $9. You should probably make a reservation before you go. Either that or I hope you have patience. (Or, you could be equally as desperate and attain our "VIP" seating.)
