marlowe was sulking. this was not his kind of place. everything seemed...right. he scrunched his way through the tables to the bar. if you could call it that. what kind of bar is this, he grumbled, it's too...nice. the young woman to his left seemed to be alone. well dressed. good posture. a little light went on in his bloodshot eyes. err...he began, but she was already talking to the bartender. not exactly talking. having a discussion. a deep discussion. about the drinks. about the drinks??? oh no, thought marlowe. his stomach was in knots. what am i doing here? but whatever they were discussing, it sounded strange and interesting. a "honey lite." he could barely get the words out. i guess i'll have one too, he whispered hoarsely. and then it came. he had never tasted anything like it before. it was wonderful. he immediately felt guilty. where's the goddam alcohol! he stood up and wavered on the suddenly rolling floor. uhh, hunh? am i loaded on one of these? not possible. it tasted too good to be any good. bring me another! (a little too loudly.) marlowe smirked. he was, like it or not, softening. that's the best goddam drink i've ever had, he suddenly screamed at the bartender. he looked around sheepishly. hope i'm not out of line, he said. more! he said, and bring me some food. now! then came a plate of bread with three perfect mounds of...what? butter. said the bartender. pate. and something that started with a C that made marlowe's head swim. where's the bathroom, he said. when he got back, there was a plate of stuff in front of him. it looked...green and pink and white. he tried a little. pea shoots. what the hell. tastes sorta like peas. and little crawfish with a dab of vinagrette sauce and underneath a few slices of beef tongue. holy crap. marlowe's head exploded. this is delish! what is this bizarro place? the whole staff came over. so you like it? they asked. they were eager as all hell. it's new today, no one's even tried it yet, not even us. you're the first. is it any good? outa my way, said marlowe, and went out to the street to make a call. you gotta get over here, betsy sue, they got some crazy food in this joint and the drinks feel like you're drinkin nothin and wham in the head like some kind of elixir or somethin. another plate was waiting when he got back. i know what this is, he said, scallops. but whoa, what's this doing here, carmelized red onion and avocado lemonlime scoop. you guys are nuts, he bellowed, and took off his trenchcoat. he scratched the stubble on his cheek, he glanced at the beautiful tattoos on the waitress's arms, but he was starting to smile, and when he took his first bite, it was like a desert, not a sand desert like they have in egypt, but one of those clay ones in africa after ten years of draught, where the ground dries and cracks and splits, and then they put in some irrigation and all the earth starts to shift and change and melt, and suddenly marlowe was smiling. this had never happened before. he was enjoying something that was meant to give him pleasure. marlowe just sat there, eating away, sipping on his honey lite cocktail, just like his nemisis yuppies, having the time of his life. he looked over at the girl with her perfect hair. this sucks, he said guiltily. now what am i gonna do?
