I just came here for brunch and while I haven't written a review in a long time, I really felt the need to review how over-hyped this place is and how rude of a waitress I had seat me and my friend. I understand that you are busy on Saturdays. I understand it can be stressful. However, patrons also patiently wait for a table, and deserve to be respected instead of being snapped at.   Let me explain myself.  I came to the restaurant at 10:45AM. My friend was going to be an hour late, so I kindly told the guy at the computer to move my name down the list.  This guy was very nice and told me to just let him know when my party was here. I waited till my friend called me to tell me that she was out of the subway (which is literally one street away), so that I could tell him that my friend would be here in five minutes.  This waitress interrupts me and asked me if she could help me instead of the guy at the computer, and I told her I just wanted to inform the computer person my friend was arriving. She then proceeds to bring me to a table, and when she sees that my friend is not standing behind me, she asked me in a annoyed attitude "where's your party?".  I proceeded to explain to her that she was one street away and walking here right now, and before I could finish explaining myself, she scoffs at me and says "You can't do this, just let me know when she is here."  You know, at this point, I was a little mad at her unkind mannerism, but still I was forgiving because technically my friend wasn't exactly inside the restaurant yet. So in about a minute, my friend is at the door of the restaurant, and I see her, but she is kindly holding the door for a large party to leave.  I beckon to the waitress and tell her my friend arrived.  She brings me to the table again, but because my friend is holding the door for people and isn't exactly one foot away from me, the waitress looks at me with the same rude attitude and basically snaps at me and says "WHERE IS SHE?".... as if I was lying to her.  At this point, I'm so annoyed, I snap back at her and tell her exasperatingly, "She's here! At the door!"  I don't understand why she would think I'm trying to fool her.... it makes no sense that I would lie to her and try to get a table to sit at by myself if she had told me the first time I couldn't do that.  I cannot speak for all the other waitresses, because our server was actually really nice.  But this one waitress was so rude to me I just had to write this review.... and really.... I usually don't complain.... even when I see hair in my meal... or a roach on the wall...  I have pretty high tolerances... but I guess when it comes to rude people, my tolerance is breached.   To review the actual food.  The Penny sandwich was good... a little oily, but still very satisfying.  My friend ordered the nutella french toast.  This french toast was pretty poorly executed, because what we received looked completely different from the pictures online.  It was under-cooked, and completely overwhelmed with syrup.  A word of advice, if you order this nutella french toast... ask for syrup on the side unless you love french toast in a soup of syrup.  The cappuccino and home-fries were also good, but nothing special.  Overall, I had such high hopes for this place and was so disappointed.   Overall, I had such a terrible experience today that I will probably never come back.
