Ok sushi. Not bad atmosphere. However, there are better alternatives in New Haven. Had a couple bad experiences here and have stopped going since. 1. Half off... sure, sounds like a nice deal until you realize their rolls are slightly overpriced to begin with.But then they expect you to tip on the full price. The tip... yes, that is reasonable (gray area IMO, but I see both sides of the argument), but if you consider the 50% off + tip on 100% of the price, the price difference is negligible compared to other places (of the same caliber). 2. They try to rip you off. They LOVE including tip automatically, although the menu states that tip is only automatically included for parties of 6 or more. Again, it wouldn't be ripping people off if they actually stick to their word... THE PROBLEM is that even if you are a party of four, they will try to put the tip on there automatically (at 18%!). This happened 3 times! My guess is that most people will try to tip 15% of the sale price so they just try to put automatic tip on everyone, which is understandable... but THE PROBLEM is that they try to sneak in a tip of 18% for a party of four. Really??? This is how you want to make money? By ripping off your customers? 3. If you want to try to argue about their practices, good luck. The 3rd time they tried to rip us off, I called them out on it. The typical response: "The manager is not here." So I told them I would wait as long as it took. After much trouble (30 mins?), the manager came out (turns out she was there the whole time) and apologized (blamed it on their sales program... and I thought we lived in the 21st century. You've been in business for a couple years and let a bug like this hang around, ripping your customers off?) and got it fixed. But why lie that the manager is not there? Sigh... Since then, I've said no thanks. The food is not worth it. The hibachi is also just ok... I've seen better performing chefs (I'd put their skills at about the bottom 25% percentile). The food itself is not bad, but you go to hibachi for the show as well... Look elsewhere for sushi in New Haven.
