This place has over 2400 reviews so I'm going to give you advice rather than rant about food: Educate yourself before coming here! Look at the menu ahead of time so you know what to order immediately as you sit down! If you want to come after 11:30am when they start serving lunch things, plan for the over-2-hour wait! It's cash only, so make sure you bring some! That is the biggest advice you won't find in the other reviews. Don't be a F**king idiot and show up after 8:40/8:45am and get pissed you have to wait 1-2.5 hours for a table. If you took the time to decide "Hey, I'm gonna go to Clinton St. for brunch during the weekend, when it's the most busiest time, and I know everyone else is going to do the same thing! Good idea!" WITHOUT READING ANYTHING ABOUT THE PLACE, then you deserve your long-ass wait. This place is SUPER SMALL, so seating is very limited. Plus, people TAKE THEIR TIME when eating brunch, so you have to wait LONGER THAN NORMAL. Duh.... Commit to getting up early to eat here, or else be happy with your wait. My GF and I got in line right before 8:45 and were the last cut-off for the first seating (maybe 20 people in front of us). I can't tell you how many people would come like at 9:45 or later, be told the wait was around or over 2 hours, then get pissed and say ignorant shit like "wow you serious? fuck that. what kind of place is this? fuck this!" in full earshot of everyone dining and the staff. Way to start your morning while ruining other people's breakfast, jackhole. --- Food review: The pancakes were truly delicious. Maybe not worth all the crazy hype, but they were pretty damn good. The french toast was also amazing. I really wanted to get the chicken and waffles, but we were there too early. Do yourself a favor and get the cheese grits, very good and can easily be saved and taken with you if you're too full. The fried green tomatoes were okay, but the dipping sauce they came with was very yummy. SKIP THE HASHBROWNS - total waste of money. Very bland and cold. Literally just diced potatoes and toasted with no seasonings or anything.
