I was visiting a friend in Philly and we were downtown looking for a place to eat -- finally thought of this place, and I thought it was a good fit. He had not eaten in the restaurant before - but he had heard good things. We went on a Tuesday night, so I figured it wouldn't be too busy and we'd have a good experience, boy was I wrong. First, the host was slightly rude when we told him we didn't have a reservation - despite the fact that there were obviously a handful of open tables. We were sat down pretty quickly though, which was nice, but it only got worse. The waiter took at least 10 or so minutes to stop by our table, where he proceeded to give us napkins and let us know he would be "right back," he didn't even take our drink orders. It was another 10 minutes (no exaggerations) before he came back by to take out drink orders and he had the audacity to ask if we needed more time... We ordered and didn't see him again until well after our food came. Another waitress brought the food and she set it down so carelessly that my friends fries spilled all over his lap. She at least apologized. Our waiter continued to be no where in sight and I had to flag down the hostess, who I was hoping would be less rude than the host, to fill my drink. She was obviously annoyed I stopped her to fill my drink - it hadn't been filled since it was brought to me, so I didn't feel like I was being unreasonable. The waiter finally stopped by our table to clear it, and then he came back 5 minutes or so later to ask what we would like for dessert - obviously we were so annoyed by that point that we didn't want to spend any more money so we passed. We barely left a tip and it nearly ruined our night. Side notes: the food wasn't bad - but it wasn't anything special. If you love chocolate there are a lot of choices which seemed really cool. Everything from cake to ice cream to alcoholic drinks and fondu as well, lots of stuff. And I heard that the NYC Brenner's was much better, I sure hope so, then again maybe it was just bad service or maybe it was a bad night for the server but it really put me off.
