I went to this place two years ago and it was only me and my girlfriend in the whole place.  The food was a 7.5 out of 10, but we didn't like that it took almost 45 mins for us to get our food.   This past Saturday for Cinco De Mayo, me, my girlfriend and another couple decided we were going to get Mexican food.  We wanted to go to another local place, but they told us it would be a three hour wait.  We then called Beana's and they told us that we can make a reservation and we would be fine.  So we made reservations for 9pm.  We get there at 8:15 and waited about 5 minutes to get our table.  All was good until this point.  We brought a 12 pack of Coronas and began to throw some back while eating some chips and salsa.  I specifically remember looking at my watch while we ordered our dinners and it was 9:00 on the dot.  I was checking because before I left the house, I ordered the Mayweather fight and wanted to be home by 10 so I can watch the Mosley fight before the main event.  We continued to have a couple of beers and share laughs.  We went through three bowls of chips.  About 30 mins after we ordered, our appetizers came out.  A single Corizo that was cut long ways so they looked like fries and a little bowl of processed flavorless guacamole.  By the time 10 came around, I was getting a bit anxious and hoping our food would come out any minute.  We had a game plan to just eat as fast as we could then head home (I live literally 5-10 minutes away).  10:30 comes around and we still have no food.  And to top it off, two difference couples came in, ordered and took their food to go since we ordered.  I asked our waitress if we could just get our food to go and she said no problem.  After we discussed for a while, I got up and went right for who i believe was a manager/owner and told her I need to know how much longer our food will take because I just paid $60 for the fight and I wanted to be home 30 minutes ago.  She told me the food is on it's way out for us to take home.  I waited another 10 minutes to have a new waitress come up to our table asking where we lived.  She said it'll be another 10-15 minutes before it's ready.  They offered us half off the bill and they would deliver the food to us.  We decided we would take that offer.  We paid our bill and still left our waitress a tip.  I get home and it's just about 11pm.  As we expected, our food took forever to show up.  I call Beana's at 11:45pm and speak to a man.  I am willing to put up my next paycheck to bet that he was drunk.  He couldn't put sentences together and couldn't understand anything I was saying.  He promised that the delivery guy would be at my place any minute.  Sure enough, he range my doorbell 5 minutes later.  I open the door to two guys holding out bags of food.  One says to me "you got the fight on?  I'll give you a discount on the bill if you let me in to watch it."  I took the bags from the two of them and said "I already paid" and slammed the door in the face.  I couldn't believe that after all of that, this delivery guy tried to ask me to pay again.  I delivered food when in high school and college.  I know very well when a bill is prepaid or not.  To top everything all off.  I unload the food from the bags and the greasy juice they cook their food in is EVERYWHERE.  I took pictures of the outside and inside of the box, but I wasn't able to find a way of posting it on this review.  I am willing to send those pictures to anyone if you ask.  Needless to say, worst dining experience I have every had in my entire life and I will never again go to this dump.
