More twists than an M. Night Shyamalan film. ilili is described as a contemporary Lebanese restaurant serving Mediterranean cuisine. Growing up with Mediterranean food and having been to a few Lebanese restaurants, I can confidently say that self-inflicted label attempts to categorize something that should be in a class of it's own. Five star worthy design, the main dining room is overwhelming in scale and contemporary grandeur. Lounge music (supposedly spun live) provided an ambient backdrop, but ilili's round tables are meant for large parties of 6-8 and with large parties comes long dinner conversations. Spaced out appropriately, the tables are far enough to provide a sense of privacy, while close enough to have your appetite provoked by a neighbors order. To start with, we tried a sampling of their cocktails. The Lebanese American, featuring Arak (a licorice tasting spirit) mixed with bourbon, mint, and fresh ginger. It was difficult to taste the bourbon, any subtleties of it's flavor were lost to the overpowering Arak, overall reminded me of a less limey mojito with a splash of absinthe. The Cedar Cider was deliciously confusing. It wasn't what I initially expected but after the first few sips the cider taste surfaced even thought the handful of muddled lemon wedges sitting at the bottom of the rocks glass remained perplexing. The most aesthetically interesting drink our party ordered was the Not So Bloody Mary. Served in a martini glass, this clear drink was garnished only by a small tomato and a slice of jalapeño pepper. Overall was similar to a bloody mary, but truly tasted like a peppered garden salad. We also tried the Fresh Medows, the Poison Sumac Margarita, and a few of their red wines. Everyone seemed pleased by their drinks, the Arak was too bold for me, but in all fairness they devote a full page of the menu to describing the flavor - my excuse, I was too distracted by the appetizer menu. Speaking of which, we ordered the following appetizers, listed in order of OMG to meh: -Katayef & Veal Bacon - wow, an explosion of happiness in your mouth; the veal bacon is held together by a silver dollar sized bread of pancake consistency and topped with a sweet glaze -Duck Shawarma - another incredible mix of flavors; flat bread cones stuffed with duck make for a filling and satisfying -Brussel Sprouts - bold charred & spiced sprouts mixed into a creamy yogurt sauce with grapes & walnuts; amazing mix of textures -Tuna Belly - the influence here felt more Japanese than Mediterranean, nonetheless I'm all for it and was very pleasantly surprised --- would order again versus wouldn't order again line --- -Grilled Octopus - overall composition of the dish didn't feel right, underwhelming amount of octopus -Hummus - a great excuse for eating more of their delicious pita bread, not memorable on it's own -Kebab Kerez - small lamb & beef meatballs, over-spiced & dry Entrees: -Chicken Kebabs - two white meat chicken skewers crossed over their garlic whip; an intensely flavorful garlic dip -Lamb Shank - no knife needed tender, seasoned incredibly well and served with a light yogurt sauce; only complaint was the temperature could have been a little warmer -Bay Scallops - didn't try them, but the plate was cleaned, and they were recommended by our waitress Speaking of which the wait staff treated us very well. The hostess sat us immediately sans a reservation on a Thursday evening, and our waitress steered us in the right direction with all of her recommendations. Overall incredible meal, I would avoid a few of the appetizers we didn't LOVE, and would be interested in doing it over with wine pairing recommendations.
