When my mom came to visit, I decided to try their champagne brunch - seemed like the perfect mother daughter type activity, even though we usually go for more casual dining. I made an early reservation to ensure we got a nice waterside view, which we did. We walked from the 8th & Market train stop to bypass the pricey parking lot. Once we arrived inside the ship, we were confronted with the impressive dessert bar as we waited to be seated (we were early). Our waitress was sweet, polite, and helpful, as was everyone else on staff that we interacted with. The main concern was the sheer volume and variety of delicious food on the buffet vs how much food our tummies could hold! I enjoyed the tortilla soup and the amazing cornbread was a perfect accompaniment. The assortment of breads and pastries were a hit with both of us and my mom could not stop raving about the croissants. However, having heard so much about the lobster bisque, she was very disappointed and found it bland. I chose the gnocchi for my entree and she chose the bananas foster French toast. I was really torn before making my selection but I loooove gnocchi. It was my turn to be disappointed; it was nothing special. Mom reported her French toast to be amazing but the portion was absurdly large. Everything on the dessert buffet looked absolutely amazing to someone with a sweet tooth like mine but unfortunately space in my belly was at a premium by this point. I sampled as many things as I could without feeling sick! My only other gripe is that once we finished our entree course our server became far less attentive about refilling our champagne glasses. Of course I understand that she does not want customers holding a table down where she could be seated again, but we had to actively flag her down to get one last glass with our dessert. All in all it was a lovely experience which I feel lends itself exceptionally well to a family brunch or brunch with the girls. While it's not something I'd do regularly I'd love to return again and try another dish, especially with my mom.
