The location for the restaurant is really great. Right off of Kelly Drive, with a view of the river. It was much too hot this past Friday, so we opted to sit inside. The decor is just all over the place. There was a wall clock and a fan that were not plugged in...not sure what the deal was there. It really had no theme. Exposed ceiling, industrial, but not Italian at all. The music they were playing was ODD. Someone apparently likes Blink 182, because that was all that was on when we went there.I had looked online to preview the menu and beers. When I arrived, the menu in person was different. No biggie, but I had already scoped out which beers I wanted. The server was VERY nice and by far was the highlight. We ordered the two cheese and two meat plate. This was a great choice, except the chef left the PLASTIC wrapping on the spreadable cheese. Luckily we saw it before we ate it! Next was the Blue crab bruschetta. This came in a mason jar along with 4 pieces of bread. For 15.00, it was just an obnoxious price, because there was little to no crab...just filled with peppers and oil. Big ouch on that. We also ordered the Margherita pizza. This place prides itself on fresh tomatoes, yet the pizza came out sitting on top of a large opened can of tomatoes. Yes, yes...i know that it could be for ambiance, but it gave mixed signals. The pizza was not to my personal liking. The underside was charred, the top was chewy and not done. The sauce was also VERY sugary. Since neither of us ate it, the server inquired, so I was kind, but honest. It simply was not made to my liking. She offered another entree, but at this point, most of the menu is pizza and I simply did not want another poorly made one. We then had the Whoopee pie and an espresso for dessert, these were decent. I honestly thought that they would have comped the dessert, but they didnt and I am not mad about that. I had the option to replace the entree and declined. Caveat emptor! More on the bad: The parking lot is a tight hot mess, the fruit flies buzzing around the drinks and beers were annoying, seeing one of the cooks eating a slice of cheese while making a pizza was downright gross, and the above meal was almost 100.00. This was in NO WAY a meal or restaurant worth that price tag. If you go, avoid the parking lot, better yet, just avoid the place altogether.
