This Spanish Tapas Bar / Wine Bar is in the neighborhood, so when date night rolled around, it was a no-brainer for my Tapas-loving boyfriend. The 10th Ave location may be out of the way for some, but it's perfect for we Chelsea-dwelling folks. The interior is very small, an elongated one room rectangle. Not wide, but goes back far enough to fit a bar in the front and a few bar-top tables in the back. My only minus for this place is that the seated/table area chairs are glorified stools. There are no backs on them. As we all know, there's a reason the bleacher seats are less expensive than seats with backs. They are uncomfortable! Also, the tables are directly across from an open kitchen, so if you can handle the noise, it's not a problem. And, since you're a New Yorker, you probably can. I chose to sit at the bar which was less loud. A couple with an infant came in for dinner (hello? get a babysitter you cheap-wads) but that's not the restaurant's fault. Their baby was crying in the back, so it was an easy decision to stay seated and eat at the bar. The bartender was great - made recommendations on drinks and food. I got a glass of the by-the-glass Cava which was good, but on the very dry side (good if you like Champagne, probably not if you prefer Prosecco). Then, we got a pitcher of the Sangria, which is a good deal if you're going to drink at least 4 glasses (in our case, 2 per person). The Sangria was flavorful and strong. We ordered a number of small plates, but my favorite two were the Patatas Bravas and the Pan Con Tomate Y Tre Salsas. For those of you who don't Habla Espanol, El Nino is Spanish for... The Nino. In translation, I liked the potatoes smothered in spicy Aoli sauce and crispy bread with cheese on top and three dipping sauces. No brainer. We also got the Fried Chickpeas, which were good, but after adding some hot sauce were much better and the Chorizo which was really good. I would definitely recommend Tia Pol to a friend, but it may be a bit of time before I come back as the nature of New York is to try new places. Since it's so close, we will definitely be back for another round.
