Stopped in before going to see 'Chicago'.with my husband...bad idea. I am shocked this place has such glowibg reviews based on my experience. Everything started fine. The waitress took our drink orders, but then we didn't see her...for quite some time. The tables were full but this is a small place and she seemed completely flustered. When she did come back the vodka tonics we ordered were actually vodka sodas. We were actually willing to drink them, but they tasted so bad we could not. We wanted to send them back,  but again our waitress went MIA. I actually had to get up and take them to the bar to swap them out because she had not stopped by in so long. We just swapped them out for glasses of wine...safer. By this time our food had come..but we couldn't eat it as we had no silverware. I got up again and just as I did she brought it out...except she only brought one set. So I was stick without anything until she came back. I ordered the Giramonte and my boyfriend ordered the chicken florentina.  Both very (VERY) sub par. The potatoes that came with my husbands meal were more like breakfast potatoes.  It was odd. The chicken was just "okay". The pasta I had had shrimp and scallops and they were less than fresh. Not to mention some shrrimp were deveined and some not. Deveined or not there should be consistency.  I actually avoided the seafood on the plate as much as I could the dish also lacked seasoning. We were STARVING so we ate as much as we could and just made verbal plans to stop somewhere else and grab a slice on the way home after the play so we would be satisfied. We were trying to get to our show and again the waitress went MIA. My husband had to get up and find her and let her know we needed to leave. He just gave her our card at that time because we couldn't risk her disappearing again. I should mention that the waitress apologized for all the "infractions" and gave us 10% off our bill...but since the food here is egregiously overpriced for what you get...it mattered little. Never again.
