After way, way, way too long, I finally attended a show at Johnny Brenda's. I was in semi-retirement from seeing bands in small clubs, mostly because I spent many a year (and many a dollar...and many, many a brain cell) seeing bands at The Khyber, The Upstage, The Balcony, North Star, and wherever the hell else. Just burned myself out entirely. Time passes, reality returns, and a band I have wanted to see for years (Zombi) is playing at Johnny Brenda's. So I reach deep into the closet, find my rock shoes, and get back on the horse. JB's is easy to find. Street parking was also easy to find. So far, so good. In many respects it reminds me of The Khyber many years ago. You see, Old City used to be a dump. The Khyber was there, along with a host of other bars/clubs that aren't there anymore. Now Old City sucks, and The Khyber is slowing fading away. Time marches on, and now the whatever-you-want-to-call the neighborhood JB's finds itself in is much like Old City was lo those many years ago. Ok, woah, tangent. Focus! Ok, I didn't spend much time downstairs at JB's. Mostly enough to find the upstairs. From what I saw it seemed cool enough. Anyway I liked the upstairs portion...large enough bar, friendly people behind said bar, and when I ordered a Sly Fox I was countered with "which Sly Fox"? I bow to you, JB's bar. I shortly found myself in the balcony, and then dragged a chair right up to the railing in the middle, whereupon I sat for a good long while. I also liked how the up-upstairs bar was in itself a miniature version of the mid-upstairs bar...if I can avoid stairs whilst obtaining tasty draughts then all the better. The sound in the balcony was pretty good. A bit lean, a bit diffuse, but very good. Sightlines, obviously, were stellar. Better than the North Star, where you were way too close...this was put back a bit. After a while I went downstairs and the sound was way, way better. Much more low end, better imaging. Yes, I am an unrepentant  douchewad. I care about sound. I haven't been to The Khyber (for reals) in forever, and after going to JB's I know why. JB's is the new Khyber. Five stars shall be granted after another visit, or two. I have to check out the jukebox (was one present? I didn't see it). I have to eat something there. I have to check out the sound from different vantage points. Again, the whole douchewad thing. Sorry.
