Margon's has been a lunch favorite of mine since I've been working in the Times Square/Rockefeller area for the past 5 years.  As a Puerto Rican who enjoys authenticity, this is one of the best cafeteria spots anywhere south of Spanish Harlem.  It is a fair-priced hole in the wall along 46th Street in between 6th Ave and 7th Ave.  Some say it is cheap (which it is if you get the sandwiches), but the prices of its other dishes are pretty average with anything else you can find in the city during lunchtime.   The sandwiches are good, but rather than jumping on the Cuban sandwich bandwagon, I prefer the steak or chicken sandwich.  The Cuban uses sliced pork that looks like it came from a deli and not from an actual lechon asado (roasted pork).  It also has salami, which automatically makes it not a Cuban.  It's good, but I've had much better and authentic for the same price.  It does beat out the Cubans at Havana Central's though, which is across the street, and much more expensive. As far as the main entrees go, the pollo asado (chicken) is flavorful, juicy, and tender (falls right off the bone), likewise with their carne guisada (beef stew), in which you can tell the beef is pressure-cooked with care.  I also recommend going on Wednesdays when they have their arroz con gandules and lechon asado (the actual pork meat is delicious, but avoid getting served the skin unless you want to dislocate your jaw).  The habichuelas (beans), no matter what flavor are delicious, even if you aren't a fan of beans. These entrees demand an empty and large stomach or a plate to take on the go, because I can't even finish some of these dishes on my own at lunchtime so sometimes I take half home for dinner.  I give it 4 stars mainly for its main dishes, speedy service, and cost given the area it's in.  Definitely can't be matched by anything in midtown of the same genre and proves that small joints like this are usually better than the big, lavish, supposedly Latin restaurants in the surrounding area.
