the last time I ate here, the burger was less then $5, Shake Shack was a food cart, and Bush was in his first term. those were turbulent times in NYC. sometimes, our positive memories of past experiences that was very long ago no longer hold the same value in present day. part of the reason is we have had so many new experiences that those similar experiences in the past have now been eclipsed by our better experiences. what i thought was a good burger in the early 2000's no longer holds true today. i no longer think this joint deserves a place in the top burger list. the fact that Corner Bistro still holds a place in many people's hearts (including mine, until today) and still gets rave reviews is probably a combo of nostalgia, bad taste, low expectations and lack of extensive burger dining experience. the joint: it's exactly how i remembered it. old school pub. old school bartender behind the bar. oh, and one more thing if you didn't catch it the first time: it's fucking old in every way...except, the bathrooms have changed for the better. bonus. the burger: under seasoned and underwhelming. unlike my steaks, which i prefer medium rare, i like my burgers a true medium. in many restaurants, i have to order a burger medium rare in order to get a medium. not here. when you ask for a medium burger, it comes medium. this was impressive back in the early 2000's and it is the one thing that still holds true of my memory of this joint today. big, handmade, juicy burger on a good no frills bun. basic toppings here, nothing fancy. BUT, and this kills me to say this...the burger is average in TASTE because it's not well seasoned. my friend felt the same way. so did the table behind me, who had never been here. it's not that it's a bad burger, but when you are on a lot of people's list of "best burgers in nyc" it can't be this average. it's what you call a "good" burger. nothing wrong with that. my favorite kind of burgers are the kind without bells and whistles. what i need it to be in order to be on the same level as other great burger establishments is simple-be everything this burger is, but with an upgrade on the meat quality and even more importantly...seasoned properly!!! the fries: horrible. room temp to the touch, it was lifeless and under seasoned, just like the burger. who cares, i'm not here for fries. the service: again, not the same. before, there was the usual college or post college student who worked the tables in the back and they were usually pleasant and efficient. now, what i am about to say might come across as fucked up, but i'm gonna keep it 100 with you bastards, cuz that's what yelp should be and besides that, i'm a new yorker and don't know how not to be honest with my opinion. that said, the new wait staff/servers are not that kind of person. although they spoke good english and worked hard, they didn't exactly banter with us like in the past, or give a warm reception. rather, they are the type to be quick about their job and work efficiently. nothing wrong with that. but, the cool wait staff from my past was part of the charm of this place for me. i guess what should have been a giveaway that this was no longer what it was is the fact that the lines were no longer long here. i remember how it could be outside of the bar during the dinner hour, which is when me and a friend arrived. besides the lesser quality and experience for me, the prices have gone up quite a bit. but, that's to be expected. when i'm craving a really great burger, i won't ever come back here. but, if was in the area, the place wasn't too crowded and i wanted a beer and burger because i was too lazy to go to the "great burger joint", Corner Bistro would be an option. maybe, i'll come back in another decade and see if they changed...i know i will have.
