One random day in the winter of 2013, my boyfriend and I trekked all the way down Vernon Blvd. and noticed that - inside of Bricktown Bagels - there was a large oval table of people eating dinner.  We popped our heads in to ask "What's going on here?" and were told that there was a couple serving ramen dinners at night after the bagel business closed up for the day.  Needless to say, we wanted to try it out right then and there.  Unfortunately they were too busy that night, but we did come back two or three more times in the coming weeks and loved everything we tried.  Then, the glowing press started.  And the couple moved their operations into their apartment.  And then rumors swirled about a Health Department shut down for lacking the proper permits.  Finally, a year-ish later, Mu Ramen is back and in its permanent location.  My boyfriend and I were basically stalking them on Twitter waiting for the grand reopening, and we managed to get a table on their third night of service.   The food here is generally terrific.  The U&I is absolutely to die for, and I love the Tonkatsu 2.0 ramen - it's rich, "milky," and full of flavor without being overly salty or fatty or any of the negative superlatives that can sometimes be applied to ramen.  My boyfriend loves the Mu Ramen - it's very heavy though, even for him, so come with a big appetite.  The Spicy Miso ramen is good, but we both find the broth to be a little "one note" versus the complexity of the other offerings.  The menu has expanded since the Bricktown Bagels days, and we were a little mixed on some of the new menu items.  In particular, we were both disappointed with the Tebasaki Gyoza (foie gras and brioche wings).  While the breading was pretty amazing - so wonderfully salty - the interior was so overwhelmed by brioche that I could barely taste any foie gras, let alone chicken.  I'm also not a fan of plum sauces generally, so I doubt I would order this appetizer again.  However, I'd happily substitute a second order of the U&I - so many flavors melding together, such interesting mouth-feel...yum! In terms of prices, this place is pretty darn expensive.  The U&I is a relatively small dish and it costs $15.  The ramen ranges from between $15 to $20, but I feel like those prices are more reasonable relative to what you're getting (although I REALLY wish they would let you take your leftovers home...I understand that they don't want the quality to decline as the noodles age, but at the same time, I paid for it and should be able to do what I want with it). I'm very happy to hear that they'll be accepting same-day reservations now....it takes a little bit of anxiety out of the equation.  I just hope they get their liquor license soon!
