The SAY they don't serve drinks 'til noon but it was 11:45am...can you give me a pass? We have a flight to catch! My beau's mom and his sis raved about this place and how much food they give you is unbelievable. They were right! We started off with....you guessed it, yucca fries. They were garnished with some thick greens of [something] and cilantro goodness! I couldn't identify what they other greens were. The massive opened widows made for great people watching while we sipped some libations and waited for our brunch to be served. I had the red wine Sangria. It was pretty good. Its never too early for Sangria. My beau and his mother had a frozen margarita. The strongest frozen margarita i've ever had in life. I was so jealous. I love margaritas? Why did I have to try something different today?? His sister had a Bloody Mary. That was the first BM that I've ever had. I don't like drinking tomato juice, so that's never been my thing. BOY was it strong. It had a little bite to it because of the splash of hot sauce on top. Yes, I took a sip of everyone's drink lol no one was interested in tasting mine. Oh well, more for me. The 3 ladies will have the same thing - Huevos Rancheros. This plate came out beautifully. I couldn't wait to dig in - eggs any style stacked on a bed of a black bean quesadilla with white cheeses topped with guacamole. What a combo! Guacamole? Yes, guac. I thought that it would be pretty mushy but it was a nice addition to my palette.  It was so good that we had to order a small side of it.  The gentleman had scrambled eggs with cheese and chorizo sausage and Latin style hash browns. The hash browns were made with sweet potatoes that weren't at their peek. The hash was a little bland to me. He also had a biscuit. I wasn't interested in the biscuit. I got up to wash my hands only to enter what probably used to be a coat closet or something lol it was super small but it was decorated so nicely that it didn't bother me as much. Overall my experience at the Yuca Bar was great. I wish we would've ate there when we first got to NYC so that we had time to eat there again before we left :)
