My boyfriend and I were eagerly awaiting the opening of Brigantessa, mostly because of the meat slicer on the counter, so we were very excited to go there for dinner last Saturday night. We arrived around 7:30 or so and it was quite crowded. I don't know if they were slightly understaffed, but it took at least 5 minutes for the host to appear at the entrance. However, once he did, we were promptly seated on the first floor across from the bar. We started off with a glass of wine each, and the calamari. I have had calamari many times, but I had never had it served like this: on a sizzling hot plate, stuffed with breadcrumbs and garlic, served with cherry tomatoes. There wasn't much (two stuffed squids), but it was delicious. For entrees, I ordered the pizza special (white pizza with arugula and 24-month proscuitto di Parma) and my boyfriend ordered the pasta with clams (I don't recall what else was in it). The pizza was without a doubt, one of the best pizzas I have ever had, including those on a recent trip to Italy. I am usually a fan of thin New York style pizza, but this pizza had a perfectly light and fluffy crust. The cheese was perfectly cooked, flavorful, and not oily or greasy in any way. The arugula was fresh and crisp. All this was topped with generous portions of one of my favorite things, proscuitto di Parma. I savored each and every bite. Unfortunately, I cannot rave as much about the pasta with clams. About three bites in, my boyfriend said he couldn't eat any more since it was too salty. I tried a bite of it, and I agreed with him, it was inedibly salty. I have had Chinese takeout with less salt. We flagged down our waitress, and she immediately agreed to take back the dish and bring out a new one. My boyfriend opted for a pizza instead (having tried a slice of mine), so he got the calabrese (house-made 'nduja [a spreadable pork sausage], roasted peppers, ricotta, and chili oil). It was brought out very promptly. Again, like the white pizza, it was excellent. Perfect crust, fresh and flavorful ingredients, just the right about of spicy. Somewhere in here our waitress informed me that they were running low on the wine I had ordered. I opted to not have another glass of wine, but I appreciated the gesture. The dessert options were tempting, but we decided to pass. However, our waitress had other plans: she brought us cannoli on the house. I had never had (or heard of) Moorish cannoli before, but I would order it again. There were two cannoli (cannolis?), one with pistachios on the ends, one with maraschino cherries on the ends, and both flavored with rosewater and orange blossom water. The taste difference was subtle, but added just the right amount of floral flavor and flair to an otherwise standard dish. The cannoli with the maraschino cherries tasted exactly like Fruit Loops (for better or for worse). Overall, I was highly impressed with Brigantessa. The pizza was exceptional, our issue with the pasta and clams was resolved very quickly and professionally, and the cannoli at the end was a fantastic finishing touch. We will certainly be back, and I have no doubt this will be an East Passyunk feature for many years to come.
