Aside from the back room being REALLY loud, I love this place.... like really really love it. I came here for the second time last Friday for a birthday dinner.  The seating arrangement was a little odd, as we had a booth as well as a long table, but no one in our 15-person party seemed to mind.  It was 7:00 pm and the place was already bustling. The menu was pre-set by the party planner and outlined on personalized menus for the birthday boy--I'm pretty sure she arranged these, really well done.   The escarole salad, mixed green salad, and risotto croquettes were served family style to start.  The croquettes were bomb diggity--ooey gooey and hot on the inside, crispy on the outside.  I could eat ten of them.   Next we had the Proscuitto di Parma pizza, two large pizzas per every three people, which was MORE than enough as a second course.  Dear God, if I had one thing to eat every day for the rest of my life, let it be this pizza....perfectly crispy, perfectly cheesey (stracchini and buffalo mozzarella).  I only had one slice so that I could save room for my main course, but I wanted to eat the whole darn thing. Forever and ever. For the main course, my friend and I shared the chestnut paparedelle with leeks and wild mushrooms as well as the free range cornish hen.  My friend ordered the hen last time I came, but he only shared a bite--it was THAT good. SO good, that I had to order it for myself.  Cooking it under a brick made the skin really crispy while the inside was perfectly juicy.  The paparedelle was new to me.  My only complaint is that the portion was very small compared to the hen, both of which were offered as 'main dishes.'  On the regular menu, it is a first course though ('primi' according to us Italianos), so it fits that category size-wise well.  PLEASE order the pappardelle, if you know whats good for you.  It was absurdly flavorful, rich, and the leeks and mushrooms compliment each other well.  I just got a craving for it.... Cheap wine, fun lively atmosphere (though a bit hard to hear)....come here with 3 of your friends or a date.  Make this your 'go-to' for any night of the week.
