There are so many restaurants in the area that it was initially difficult for Kristine R and me to decide what to eat- Diner fare? Thai? Much indecision arises when two foodies head out for food. When Kristine said she had heard of an Empanada place in the area, I was more than game to try empanadas for the first time (my only prior experience was some sort of taco bell apple desert... doesn't count!). There aren't many seats, and although the few tables against the wall were full, there were a couple empty seats at the counter facing the opposite wall. It initially looked like we had to go to the back to order our food take out style, but waiter service is provided (which proved to have pros and cons). More indecision arose when I was confronted with a menu with waaay too many choices (a good thing). I'm not a huge fan of meat, so I went with a cheese and spinach empanada and a bean and rice corn empanada. I also wanted to order the butternut squash soup (to possibly stave off my ensuing cold, or at least soothe my sore throat). They didn't have the soup, but it was a relief towards the end of the night because I was unable to finish my empanadas after having half of the cheese arepa Kristine and I split. The spinach and cheese was very tasty (bring a small mirror for your teeth, though!) and I really enjoyed the bean and rice filling, but the corn empanada shell was too hard. I was under the impression that they were a little understaffed because there were a few times where we were left trying to wave down the staff from across the room to get refills of water, the check, etc. One more waiter/waitress probably would have kept the workload to a comfortable level for each person (everyone was rushing around like crazy). The music was a little too loud which made everyone talk louder pushing the overall volume of the restaurant to volumes that made conversation difficult at times. Might be a hard first date place, but definitely a cool place to hang out with an awesome yelper. I'm not in the area often, but Empanada Mama is worth going out of my way for!
