Any place that can convert me to a Hush Puppy fan is a fan of mine... This place is great... Thanks to the new fresh-produce/organic/non-steroid tainted food craze, this restaurant pumped out some good eats for me a week ago. I met two of my girlfriends there and was blessed with a minimal, but intimate setting and felt not a single wave of guilt come over us as we were clothed in thrift tees, jeans, and old clunky boots. At ease and with great experienced help, we were brought a fantastic Reisling. We ordered and our food came out shortly after... We got the hush puppies with brown sugar butter (originally a side, but requested for an appetizer) and they were just a true delight - perfectly brown and golden, but warm and soft on the inside with creamy butter that had been perfectly touched with brown sugar.  We also ordered the heirloom and red onion salad which was de-lish. The tomatoes were sweet, juicy (in season) and the red onion was perfectly sliced thin and the vinaigrette was light and satisfying with fresh ground coarse pepper corns. For the third appetizer (keep in mind we shared everything), we ordered the short rib gnocchi with broccoli rabe in a parmesan broth.  The gnocchi was so tender it felt like they had just been rolled out and plopped in boiling water. The short rib was lacking, but did not take away from the dish as a whole (I just like short rib).  The parmesan broth was light, but held true to the cheese's natural flavors and the rabe... well, it was there and it was good, but who cares at that point?! For mains, we split the swordfish and the lamb shank. Preferrably, I like my swordfish seared, which I emphasized at the time of ordering and it came out as I wished.  It was placed on top of a corn, tomato,  avocado and frissee salad which was a nice compliment and resembles one that I  prepare myself with swordfish, as well. The lamb shank was fall off the bone perfection... It was properly braised and stewed in a red wine broth and even still had the little morcel of marrow that I sucked out of the bone at the end. We had nothing left in us for a hefty dessert, so we ordered the berries with fresh yogurt and honey.  I fantastic little sweet treat without the guilt (and calories!!) The bill?? Practically non-existent... 160 was the totaly. Highly recommend this place... relaxed, casual, and fantastic honest food! Enjoy!
