I was at Tia Pol with Sally C and 8 other friends recently, and her review pretty much says it all. Overall not a bad option for tapas, though i found the location incredibly inconvenient (10th ave??) and had a bizarre experience when walking in (door blocked by drunk spanish guy who didnt want to let me in without bothering me first, ugh). once in the door, we had a group of 9 that ate and drank to our hearts' content for $60 pp all in (they have a group dining option for $70 pp + tax + tip, so we were glad we didnt do that since we ended up for the better with our own choices). Yelpers seems to love the sangria but our table unanimously agreed it was incredibly sweet and frankly not good. thankfully we only ordered one round and switched to sparkling wine / red wine by the bottle. Same price and much better option. It was a small ordeal trying to figure out how to order for 9 people (8 ladies at that). So we ended up going with group consensus and had about 15 different dishes (so maybe lack of consensus would be more accurate) with many of them in double portions. My favorites were meat plate with tomato con tomate, lamb skewers, fried pork belly terrine, and skirt steak with cauliflower. The latter two were specials last night, though worth noting that the steak special was $29 so 2x the price of anything else on the menu. I really dislike price surprises like that and while it didnt matter for our large group in a smaller group ordering 2 of those bad boys could really up your bill without your knowing (since they didnt mention price of any specials). Some that didnt hit the mark for me included the cheese plate with laughably small portions, cold egg omelet, and the salad we ordered but never received. Additionally we ordered (list borrowed from Sally C bc she already did such a thorough job and i agree with her commentary): - Fried baby squid:  tender, but salty, and a little too much fried-to-squid ratio - Pimientos: spicy but I've definitely had better - Potato croquette: slightly too cheesy on the inside - Cheese and meat plates: a-ok but hard to share - Olives: good variety but small portion - Squid in ink with rice: small portion, not amazing, could've skipped - Chorizo: way too salty (though I still ate this anyway) Overall, most dishes were decent- good. Service was a good as can be expected with a large group of women requesting something (loudly) every few minutes, she did just fine. But based on the location and plethora of other tapas options around town I doubt I'll be back here soon.
