Yelpers often say they wish they could give zero-star reviews. I now finally understand the necessity (and the emotions) behind it. I want to be fair and start with their redeeming qualities, but none come to mind as we didn't even get to taste the food! As an early witness of Balaboosta's construction in the neighborhood, I was excited to finally try it this past Saturday with some friends. Knowing it's been getting a lot of buzz, I called for reservations three weeks prior and got a 9:30pm seating for six people; so far so good - but that's about when the good ends. As soon as we checked in Saturday evening at promptly 9:30, the host tells us that our reservation is actually at 9:45; Strange - considering I had confirmed the Wed before and it was still 9:30, but only 15 minutes, no big deal (so we figure). We wait until 10pm before approaching the host again who informs us that our table has paid but is not getting up. He also comments, "One of the patrons at the table is pregnant so they won't be staying long". Presumptuous?? Another 15 minutes go by, when we've waited a total of 45 minutes, I decide it's getting a bit ridiculous and ask the host if there is anything he can do. He proceeds to tell us in an EXTREMELY rude manner, and I quote "What do you want me to do about it? I have people waiting 2.5 hrs for a table!" All of us were completely taken aback by such sense of entitlement! Did he really mean there were patrons WITH reservations waiting 2.5 hrs or did he just suffer a temporary memory loss and confused us with walk-ins? Either way, a sincere apology or perhaps a round of complimentary drinks would have sufficed. Instead, his utter lack of courtesy and respect solicited so much distain that I had to share a piece of my mind with him before walking out on our much anticipated dining experience. Needless to say, I will never attempt to go back again. The host had an Israeli accent so I'm not sure if he was the "Shoofy" Patrice P. so positively references below, but in reading past reviews, I see other yelpers have alluded to the host's rude attitude multiple times. I don't care how good your food is if the restaurant doesn't make you feel welcome nor makes an effort to uphold their commitment to customers. If this host continues to be employed or behave this way, I give it another six months before it flops. Utter Disappointment.
