Testo is authentic Italian cuisine. Our trip there from upper Manhattan was quick and easy. We took the A train to West 4, and transferred to the M. We got off at Lorimer, walked north towards Scholes st. , made a right and walked one block to Leonard. The restaurant is at the corner of Scholes and Leoanard. We were weary about going in at first because it was nearly empty with the exception of two women sitting at one of the tables. We were greeted very warmly by a male wait staff who gave us the option of sitting wherever we wanted. We were given 2 simple wooden menus. One with the food, the other was a wine list. We were given ample time to look through the menu and make our choices. The waiter was very patient in answering our questions. I  loved that he said the lasagna would take about 25 minutes to cook because it was made fresh to order. We got a soft complimentary bread, along with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. We ordered the mozzarella, arugula and tomato piadini. It was savory, without the salt. This was enough food to keep us busy till our entrees were ready.  The food came out wonderfully hot. My lasagna was heavenly. The correct ratio of sauce to cheese and veggies. I used the complimentary leftover bread to soak up the sauce. Yummy! My daughter ordered the ricotta and mushroom ravioli. It was cooked to perfection and the gorgonzola sauce was creamy, not pungent nor overpowering. I loved both dishes. I ordered red wine which was not served in a wine glass. I found it odd, but I figured it might be the Italian way. We ordered the Tiramisu, which came with some very deliciously fresh strawberries. Both the male and female waiters were attentive, but relaxed. Testo has a casual vibe, romantic enough for couples, but also welcoming to families. There are about twenty tables and it has outdoor seating.The space is small, but it doesn't feel crammed.The bathroom is very clean. Later that evening candles were lit.   At the end of our meal we received complimentary shots of limoncello. Wow! That surely cleansed my palate.This restaurant delivers high quality food and service at cheap prices. I highly recommend making the trip out to this hidden treasure. I did. I will probably be going back often. Another great find!
