We went on a cold Sunday night in early February for the prix fixe dinner. We had a two-fer Groupon, and not only were the staff totally cool about that, but didn't mind at all when I called back to change the reso from a week earlier. The coupon got us an $80 meal for $50 plus drinks, tax and tip. The place is on Van Brunt, which I'd never been to before. It has a very cool, understated feel, the kind of hood you want to come back and explore when it's not freezing and dark. The restaurant itself feels like a railway car, with wood panelling and needlepoint art and about 25 seats total. There are two super cozy booths right at the front on either side of the door, in one of which a couple sat feeding each other and making out for most of the evening. The waitstaff the night we were there were all dudes, reminding me of old-school fancy places from the 80s but these guys had beards and/or cute little leather hats. Friendly enough. I was a bit surprised that they couldn't accommodate my request for a Bloody Mary, which, granted, wasn't on the menu. So we started with some cocktails, a gin mojito-type thing and a blood orange margarita, both around $10-$12. Yum. Then we dove into the menu for our three courses, opting out of the specials that the server told us we could get for a couple bucks extra. The menu has a slightly Korean feel which we loved. I considered the kimchee pastry and the fried oyster cauliflower soup but ultimately went for the crabcake for my appetizer; it came with a fennel slaw and a yummy spicy sauce. My date had the roasted brussel sprout salad which was also amazing, with some kind of sexed-up bacon garnish. The wine list was interesting and long enough; I noticed some NY State wines on there but we weren't getting a bottle so I went for a basic pinot noir, which was just fine, about $10. For the mains I had the steak with kimchee rice and fried egg, and my man had the duck. I am not a duck fan (too fatty), but he loved it. The steak was actually medium (not rare like New Yorkers mean when they say "medium") and the rice was very good, I've been making a variation at home since. Dessert was flourless chocolate cake for me and pecan pie for him, with the richest, thickest dollop of whipped cream (think British High Tea with clotted cream) on the side. So, so good. The only minus was that they forgot our coffees the first time around, but that can happen to anyone. When they arrived, they were good, and then they were gone.
