Osteria is everything I want from an Italian restaurant and a lot of things that most people wouldn't expect. The place itself is absolutely gorgeous with that rustic osteria feel, farmhouse door wood tables, clay dishes and paper place mats. We were situated at a table right next to the antipasti prep station which had me directly next to a deli slicer which was being used to output some outrageously fragrant, cured meats. Coupled with the constant opening of bottles of wine next to my nose, I was in heaven. Seeing that Vetri himself was in the kitchen keeping an eye on the pizzas, we started with the 'Lombarda' a pie consisting of baked egg, bitto cheese, mozzarella, and cotechino sausage. I have never experienced a more perfect crust, wafer thin and crunchy and cooked as well as it could possibly get without being too brown. The combination of the bitto, mozzarella, a slightly salty sauce and the zest of the sausage made for an incredible experience of sweet and sour. The antipasti we ordered (a special that night) was mediocre, three tiny slices of baguette with grilled escarole and a slice of marinated mozzarella in the center, it was delicious but not exactly what I was expecting. We proceeded to order the rib eye with borlotti bean schiacciata and capon chicken with parsnips and chestnut stuffing as our entrees. The steak was so unbelievably flavorful and literally melted like butter on the tongue. It was cooked to perfection (ordered medium) with a crisp outside and juicy pink center. The chicken was also expertly cooked seemingly poached as it also melted in the mouth. The accompanying stuffing was baked as a casserole and was outrageously sweet while still staying savory from the chicken stock used. For dessert we ordered the 'chocolate flan' with pistachio gelato which isn't really a flan, but more of a lava cake. Also ordered was the polenta budino, supposedly a staple of the restaurant and it lived up to the hype. A delicate italian style rice pudding served in a mug topped with gianduia which is a stunning mixture of hazlenuts and chocolate and a caramelized sugar crust. Our server also sent over a sampler plate of all of the housemade gelatos and sorbets as she notcied the birthday cards I had left opened on the table. Outrageous flavors like kiwi, pomegranate, amaretto and hazlenut were situated in heaping creamy scoops on a plate adorned with pizzelles. The service as noted before is very accommodating and helpful with a great knowledge of the food and wine list. We enjoyed an Italian cabernet with our meal whose name and vineyard escapes me right now. All in all, Osteria is a substantial step forward for Marc Vetri and I will be returning soon to experience the pastas he offers. EDIT: Just wanted to add that I realized my visit to Osteria was on their 1-year anniversary. A lot of the kinks that previous reviewers experienced seem to have been worked out and the restaurant was running like a well oiled machine.
