Average Local Rating : About 3 stars.  Heed local reviews! Review: 2 things define a steak...Bread & Steak.  Steak here is good but their bread is just ho hum, if not sort of bad... Do not come here if: You want a GREAT Philly Cheesesteak (Texans note, a Philly Cheesesteak Hoagie is a totally different entity w/ let, tom & on) You want polite service. You hate scenes or lines. Come Here For: An iconically Philly tourist experience.  This locale is in South Philly, can be (was) dangerous about a block or two away and shares with Geno's a mini times square grid interruption. You're drunk, you just got out of Delilah's and need a steak.  It's open 24/7. Tips: It is not "Un Philly" to order anything other than Wiz With (I pronounce my "H"'s damn it.  I also say "you guys".  I'm talking to yous).  Do whatever the hell you want, it's your sandwich.  Most Philadelphians (Suburbs Included) will go with American Cheese not Wiz. Go here late night.  Geno's neon is a sight to be seen, there's just a good enough roughness to the crowd that makes it betterer. Annoy the guy at the counter a little by saying "I'll have a Cheesesteak w/ American Cheese" instead of "American Wit(h)".  Add a "please" and a "thank you" in for good measure too.  If you're really white, say it in Spanish, you might get punched, but it'd be a f-in riot....If you're somewhat white I do not suggest the prior tactic.  You will not be served.  (Topical) History: Pat's deserves credit for creating the Steak Sandwich (Oddly it wasn't necessarily a cheesesteak) and that's about it.  You may have invented "painting" but that doesn't make you an artist, right? Pat's made headlines recently for having a ""This Is AMERICA: WHEN ORDERING `SPEAK ENGLISH." policy & sign.  Funny because America does NOT have an official language.  C'est Vrai!.  Ugh.  Funnier because this place is pretentious about their mastery of the english language while directly telling you to say "Wit".  It should say "Wee bearly speak English hear, as eh rule, and appreciate yous kindlyness four being tolleranced.".  That alone made me pull a star off.  2 stars suckas. You want a good steak?  Go see my other reviews.
