My first time at Tinto, and I would definitely return. There were a few standouts on the menu, such as the truffled chestnut soup (worth the trip alone) and the arugula salad (I've never before referred to a salad as "delicious"). There was a miss (the sardines, but that could be personal preferences; also, we were so busy sopping up the last molecules of the soup that the crispy sardines got a bit cold and soggy). Also noteworthy was the pork belly crostini with matchsticks of apple. So indulgent, deliciously fat, and mouth-wateringly savory. Overall 4 stars and I would definitely return. A good place to bring a date. Not so good for groups; the tables are small and the few four-tops next to us were obnoxiously loud. The rundown: Mixed cheese plate: bleu cheese, French goat cheese, sheep's milk cheese - Good. Didn't try the bleu cheese cause I can't stand bleu. Really liked the sheep's milk; it was a mild and nutty hard cheese that had a creamy texture at the same time. Truffled chestnut soup with duck and mushroom hash, quail egg, and crushed pistachios - GET THIS! Extremely rich, incredibly creamy and fragrant. If you like truffles, you MUST get this soup. Arugula salad with serrano ham, mission fig, fried goat cheese, spiced almonds, sevilla orange vinaigrette - Light, bright, and the mix of tastes and textures was fantastic. The dressing was great as well. Full of flavor but make the salad oily or soggy. Chef's special - breaded and fried sardines with tomato/sweet pepper something and potato confit medallions  - I've decided I don't like sardines....or peppers. Kobe beef with pisto bilbaina and romesco on crostini - Good but I felt like the flavor of the beef was overwhelmed by the amount of sauce Pork belly with garbanzo bean puree, honey lacquer, and shaved apples  - Delicious - see above! Roasted rack of lamb with artichoke puree and lemon - This was a nice surprise! The lamb was perfectly cooked, and the dish was both brightened and grounded by the unexpected flavor combination of lemon and truffle.
