Everyday I'm trufflin! I had the Truffle burger, and it's probably in my top 5 best burgers I've ever had the pleasure of biting into. But jeez that wait is killer. I would have waited for the hype to die down, but my friends really wanted to go and put their names down hours earlier. I casually strolled over and waited about 20 minutes outside with them for our table to be called. In total, our group waited about 200 minutes. The wait may have made it taste better, but I'm not about to test that theory. I had eaten a meal about 2 hours before coming here and wasn't planning on getting anything; I quickly changed my mind after I walked in and took a whiff of the place. Something I was very happy about is the fact that the waitress asked everyone in my party if we wanted medium rare, almost as if saying "You better get medium rare or you better get the heck out of here!" I was happy to oblige. I ordered the Truffle burger and out it came after roughly 10 minutes, in all it's medium rare goodness. Oh yeah, they were serious about that medium rare. Normally restaurants will cook it medium-well, which I'm OK with, but this sucker was bleeding out a bloody truffle ooze that had me tempted to lick my plate...in a very crowded restaurant. They had this truffle beet salad that actually looked really good, and I had some superb sweet potato fries as well. They retained much of their sweet potato flavor on the inside, which is hard to get right. To end the night, my friends decided to play a game of credit card roulette, much to our waitress' delight. She claimed we "made her night" by letting her pick 3 cards from a choice of 6 credit cards to charge the meal to. She was such a sweetheart! They've got a very solid beer and wine selection here, but alas, I was too full to enjoy it. Will I be back? Fosho, but after the wait becomes more reasonable. The hype around this place has been crazy and they haven't opened up their upstairs yet, which contributes to the problem. Truffle here, truffle there, truffle everywhere!
