Fresh, delicious food, great drinks, PERFECT ambiance. It's a traditional crab house. You get the full experience (i.e. paper plates and paper towels stationed at your table for your mess, an assortment of hot sauces stationed on and around the tables, bowls for the shells that are cleared and replaced as needed, etc.) Just a laid back, no bullsh*t type of place. We went on a Friday afternoon around 2pm. PERFECT time to go. Not crowded at all. We sat on the top level, great views of the water, boats passing by, etc. Got plenty of attention from our waiter, drinks arrived quickly, etc. Shout out to our waiter, Bryant, who was there whenever we needed him and was knowledgeable and friendly. Management and one of the owners  both stopped by our table and chatted with us and asked us how we were enjoying everything. Shout out to executive Chef Jason who was kind enough to come to our table and chat and answer questions about the menu. It was clear he took great pride in the restaurant. Food: we ordered a dozen house oysters from Virginia (tasted very fresh), fried calamari and spicy popcorn shrimp. (both of these were seasoned and fried perfectly, crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside.) The popcorn shrimp was particularly outstanding. A classic food  done exceptionally well. Though it wasn't spicy like the menu implies, it was hot, tender on the inside, and juicy. My mouth is actually watering thinking about it lol. For the main course 3 of us shared a Crab Royale for 2 , as well as a half dozen Maryland blue crabs, and one of us ordered a cod dish. I didn't taste the cod but the plate was colorful and looked amazing, and my dad (who ordered it) said it was outstanding. The crab Royale was like heaven: a couple of alaskan king crab legs, dungeness crab legs, a whole 1.25 lb. lobster, plenty of snow crab legs, some corn. Also my girlfriend is from Maryland and kind of a blue crab enthusiast and she really enjoyed the blue crabs, so there's your street cred right there. The food we ordered was a great size; we were all full and there was enough of every item that no one got jipped out of anything. The best for me was the king crab legs- so fresh tasting, so succulent and delicious. I know it sounds corny  but with the sun beaming on my face, and a nice buzz going, I closed my eyes and savored every bite of those meaty, tender legs. Heaven. Then came desert. My dad had some strawberry ice cream and I had a brownie sundae. The sundae could've easily went from good to great if they just heated up the brownie! A simple thing like heating up the brownie goes so far in my opinion, but with the place doing a thousand covers on a busy day, I can hardly blame them for not adding an extra step to their dessert preparation. Lastly the games out back- shuffle board, mini golf and cornhole- friendly atmosphere, we made friends with a bunch of people, the bar was right near all the games so we didn't have to walk far to re-up. U get the picture. Good times. Overall, I give the place an A+. They nailed it. Definitely worth the trip to Red Hook. I will be back for sure.
