Let's not beat around the bush... Walking into Ippudo, I had very high expectations.  I usually try not to get my hopes up about a new place because they're almost always dashed, but given the media and buzz in the Japanese community, soaring expectations were inescapable. So it comes as great surprise that I was NOT disappointed. Before I get into details about the interior I should tell you that I grew up seeking the best ramen in Japan in sweaty pint-sized shops wedged under a subway with a fine patina of grease covering everything. Entering the temperature controlled cavernous interior of Ippudo I was transported... not to Tokyo as you might expect, but to one of those night-time establishments in Meatpacking. This isn't a sin in-and-of itself, but experience has shown that flashy interiors have an inverse correlation with quality of food. Although the wait looked intimidating, the interior quickly swallowed up the line and I was sitting at an impressive whole-tree-stump communal table in a few minutes. From their two main offerings I chose the Shiromaru Classic which is their signature tonkotsu stock (white creamy stock made from pork bones). Though the place was packed, my bowl showed up hot and steamy a few minutes later --fast efficient service by any standard. So how was the ramen? In keeping with my past ramen reviews I've split it up by importance into 3 key pieces: soup, noodles, and toppings. Soup: This is where Ippudo really shines. The 18 hours they spend cooking the bones releases a richness and depth that just can't be faked (I've heard of places using cream or even peanut butter to try and achieve this). It's incredibly mellow and well balanced having just enough toromi (thickness), without being cloying (like Minca), just enough umami without being salty (like Setagaya), and a pleasant hint of sweetness at the end. Noodles: The noodles are of the thin Hakata variety and were cooked to perfection. Briny, eggy and with just a bit of springy chew in the texture. Toppings: They really go traditional here with just 2 thin sliced of chashu (japanese char siu) a bit of cabbage, scallions, and wood ear. The quality of all the toppings was impeccable, but having gotten used to a more heavy handed approach to toppings I have to say I did want for a bit more, especially for a $13 bowl of noodles. This may be a bit of an unfair comparison, but compared to Santoka Ramen's "Toroniku", Ippudo's chashu was both unsubstantial and unremarkable. Overall, I'd have to say Ippudo is now my #1 spot for Manhattan ramen. Working two blocks from the place I'm even okay with the highish price since my pocketbook will keep my waistline from ballooning out of control. Update 4/13/2008: Okay, I've been back a few times now and the lines have gotten out of control. I love ramen, and this place makes a damn fine bowl, but 1.5 hours for lunch just ain't cool. I'd suggest either going on an off hour, or waiting until the hype dies down.
