went tonight, friday, for an early dinner.  arrived at 6:00ish.  there were just two of us, so we were seated right away upstairs.  the sun just just beginning to set, so it was still a little warm but the fans helped. the food:  we ordered 1/2 dozen blue crabs and 1.5 lbs. of snow crab legs. our waiter asked if we wanted sides, and let us know that what we ordered didn't come with sides.  so we ordered some corn on the cob.   when the food arrived (really quickly) we saw that the snow crab did actually come with a side of corn.  so, we asked if we could return the extra side that we ordered, as there was no way we were going to eat the 6 pieces of corn now sitting on our table.  the waiter said that we should just take them home.  rather than go back and forth with him, we just kept the corn.... but we did not take it home.  the snow crabs were great and just as we expected.  the menu says the the 1/2 dozen blue crabs are mostly jimmys.... not true for me.  in fact, all six of mine were females.  which was fine, it's just not what is advertized.  One of the 6 was inedible, and all of them were on the small side and very light.  i was raised in maryland and know my crabs, so this aspect of the meal with disappointing. the drink:  when we asked about drinks and what beers were on tap we were informed that there is no tap beer upstairs.  tap was available down stairs, but we would have to go down to order it.  we opted for two bottles of a pale ale.  it was fine.  midway through the meal i notice a waiter bringing up glasses full of beer from a tap for the table across from us. Huh???   the service:  like i said, we were warmly welcomed and seated right away.   the waiter was attentive, but didn't seem to know some key information about sides that come with main dishes and what beer was available where.   when the bill came, we paid half with cash, half on a card.  i asked that he use the cash first and put the balance on the card.  he didn't do that and seem to take tip out of the cash we gave him first before running any amount on the card.  it was really strange.   it was my first time there, and i may go back because it is a great atmosphere with great views and i'd like to try some of the other other items on the menu.  I probably won't get the blue crabs again unless i'm just dying for some crab. i also hope, optimistically, that some of the issues with the wait staff knowing the menu better get worked out.
