I'd heard many things about the Momofuku restaurants but had never been to one, and with a friend in town visiting, my cousin decided to treat us out to Momofuku Ssam Bar for dinner. We walked on a raining Monday night to an unsurprisingly busy floor but were lucky enough to be seated immediately at the end of one of their shared tables. Partly because we were unsure of who the servers were (no uniforms here, but we finally realized that the men walking around in shorts were pretty much the staff) it was a wait before someone finally came to take our orders, but once we got our first round out of the way things were pretty much smooth sailing from there. Decor is modern simplicity; though the zen feel of all this can get lost when visually dealing with the amount of customers that fill the restaurant. But that's something to be said of the place in itself... turn-over is amazing, and its speed and consistency should be enough to speak for itself. And even if it took a while to get some initial attention, service is otherwise acceptable (don't be afraid to feign some level of [obvious] frustration- apparently it's what WILL get the staff's attention in the midst of the service melee; and then hold it!) We started out with the Steamed Buns, Blackened Bluefish Sandwich, Spanish Octopus and Roasted Lamb Loin& Belly. While the Buns were good they were just that: steamed cuts of pork belly with hoisin sauce for that added Asian flair; and while cooked right they were nothing to rave over (then again, pork dishes are staples where I'm from). The Bluefish Sandwich, on the other hand, was my definition of perfection, well spiced and topped with kale and miso between two slices of perfectly toasted bread; and despite it being considered a Small Plate I could have had this as an entree and been happy for the rest of the evening. The octopus was also good, not over-grilled and well complimented by the crunch of celery and salty ham chips. And my only negative comment about the Lamb is portion size, but that's really beside the point- the loin's doneness is heavenly (just look at that color!) while the belly is nicely crisp on the outside; and paired with egg yolk and bulgur this dish becomes very easily addictive. We'd planned to head off to another dining spot after this, but since the rain wasn't showing any signs of letting up we decided to parouse the rest of the menu. The Pork Shoulder was nothing short of divine when paired with the tartness of blue cheese, sweetness of sliced peaches and a hint of heat from the peppers (it's also one of the more substantial dishes on the menu). An order of finely sliced Edward's Wigwam Ham was also a beautiful plate of smokiness served with- what else- mustard and a little toasted bread. But a last-minute order of Spicy Honeycomb Tripe was, by our trio's agreement, by far the best of everything we'd ordered. I understand that the texture makes it hard for many to stomach (excuse the pun), but coming from a culture used to this ingredient, let me say that this certainly exceeded any of our expectations. Thinly sliced and mixed with a kick of heat, celery and strands of tomato added to the complexity of what should (just) normally be an otherwise chewy "ehm" dish. For those willing to be adventurous enough to step out of their comfort box, this is what I'd highly recommend (outside of the the Bluefish Sandwich, of course). Personally though I think things were overpriced for the kind of establishment that Ssam Bar is; mix in the "just-ok" service then you have my reason for the three-star rating. This isn't a place I'd visit again if I had to drive into the City myself, but it's still something I'd recommend first-timers to make a visit to. I'd go again if someone was willing to pick up the tab for another round of tripe! My opinion being just that (meaning mine, alone), I believe others might have another point of view to share... And I wouldn't mind a twist of my arm in that direction.
