It's funny that Umami burger is a concept because I first heard of umami as a fifth taste ... and then I attended the Food Service & Restaurant Show (as a student) and got a whole booklet on the biochemistry of umami. It's pretty crazy how things have progressed. I'm not sure how (or if) Umami Burger uses the biochemistry to inform its incredible flavors, but I'm pretty sure they've nailed that fifth taste bud in the truffle burger. Alex S. texted me out of the blue to go on this food adventure, and reignited my interest in Umami Burger when he went to Smorgasburg, was the FIRST in line for the ramen burger - and said Umami was better. (That said, he was talking about the original burger. Read his review, I guess). Although I was pretty tempted by the original, I went for the Truffle burger because I wanted him to try something new and I also am a huge sucker for truffle. We also ordered onion rings and cheesy tots (secret menu, approximately $5). My first millisecond of the truffle burger was crashing disappointment - where was the truffle? And then everything hit me - the buttery, soft bun; the subtle aroma of truffle-infused cheese; the sweet, caramelized notes; and most of all, the unbelievably tender, perfectly cooked medium-rare, umami-bursting patty. Oh my goodness. Definitely hands down the best meat I've ever had; the juices ran down my mouth and I didn't even care. I could only sit in awe and savor the complex richness of the sauces that were there only to enhance the meat and were indistinguishable otherwise - everything on that burger was perfect. I gave up my half of the burger with regret to Alex and I was slightly appalled (and amused) to realize that I had eaten my half of the burger before he had had more than a few bites. I was surprised by how I had become so gluttonous for this burger, how perfectly delicious it was, how incomparably majestic of a creation sat on my plate, dripping innocuously on my plate with streaks of umami juice. Alex's Manly burger had many of my favorite things - bacon, beer-cheese and onion rings - and I would've loved it if not for two things: 1) I had JUST had the truffle burger, and it's hard to compare something to utter perfection, and 2) the meat was rare - as in, beyond medium rare. I know people prefer their meat cooked at different levels, but we had asked for medium rare ... and I know it's hard to do it perfectly, but that was a bit disappointing when I knew how good it could've been. I would've enjoyed the burger, but it seemed a bit crass after that refined, classy burger I had just had. Bacon bombarded me with every mouthful, and it's impossible for two meats to share equal attention. Bacon won. I ended up handing the burger back to Alex because it was just too heavy for me (though I think I would want to get it again. Maybe. If they were out of the truffle burger). I definitely want to go back, but I'm not sure if I'd be able to make myself order something else. As for the onion rings and cheesy tots - well, the onion rings were okay. The cheesy tots were delicious, but there were only 7 for $5 (or was it $4.50?). I'd rather get another half of a burger, I think. We came at off-peak hours (at around 3pm) and there was barely any wait. :) Yay!
