This is my new favorite restaurant in Brooklyn...which is pretty significant since there are some pretty fantastic places in this borough. My friend and I went on a Friday evening around 8pm and were seated immediately. I love the decor of the restaurant, with the bartenders situated behind a long dark bar...dim lighting. It feels like the 1920's prohibition era. I started with the French 75 cocktail - a gin, prosecco and lemon concoction. My friend had the Jack Rose, which was a mix of apple brandy, grenadine and lime juice. Both were excellent. To start we had the fried brussel sprouts....AMAZING. Hands down best brussel sprouts in NYC. 10x better than the infamous sprouts at Momofuku, Dubuque and Brucie.  They came piled high in a ramekin, tossed in a lemon vinaigrette with capers and TONS of pecorino cheese. I would go back to that place just for those cruciferous morsels. For dinner I had the meatloaf sandwich which was incredible. Perhaps because it was made with duck, making it moist and super flavorful. My friend had the crabcake appetizer for her meal and she said it was just "OK" Dessert- even though we were stuffed we opted to get dessert and chose the Warm Chocolate Cake. Why Rye...why would you even attempt to serve any other dessert at your establishment when you have this gem on your menu! It was the best molten chocolate cake I have ever had. A light as air, gooey chocolate cake topped with a salty caramel sauce and came with pistachio ice cream. Also there were ground of pieces or biscotti or amaretti cookies I think beneath it. The combination of flavors and textures was just awesome. I don't think I could try another dessert there again, knowing that I would be missing out on this! Service was very good. Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable. I usually don't pay attention to reviews on here which focus on service since I am more interested in the actual food than the people serving it. But our waitress was great so I am just throwing that out there. This is sure to be a place that I will go to often. And until then I will dream about those brusel sprouts and warm chocolate cake.
