I have never written a review before but for this place I will. This still has me super angry. Love the food at this place. Recommended it to all my friends. I been here about 5-6 times, but trust me I will NEVER step a toe at this place ever again in my lifetime.Took my mom and her girlfriends here for her birthday on a Saturday which probably was already a big mistake, seeing that weekends are crazy busy. We showed up with a party of 13 and they told us it would be a 3 hour wait, which was disappointing But I was so 1000% sure they won't regret waiting so I talked everyone to waiting. We patiently waited and as an hour passed and my aunt who is about 7months pregnant started getting tired of standing so my cousin asks the checkin girl if she could have a chair to sit on and the "owner" intervened saying no & the checkin girl goes "no sorry, there are no more chairs." Already I'm getting rubbed the wrong way,  30 minutes pass and so I myself go down and ask if they could give her a chair cause she preggers and the girl then points me to one. So as I'm keeping my aunt company, This miserable old guy with grey mustache I'm assuming  who is the store owner asks us if it's just us two and we go no it's a party of 13 and he gives this shitty ass facial expression and tells us we gotta wait 3hours. I tell him that's fine because we've already been waiting and he continues to shake his head basically telling us to just call it a night . So whatever, I ignore him after that. So now 2hours have passed and my cousin and I ask the check in girl how long do we have until and she gives us a time which is fairly okay being that the remaining wait would be 40 minutes. So at this point my mom's guest are getting annoyed and now my moms friend approaches the desk to ask if we can just split the party because at this point people just want to eat and don't even care anymore and the "store owner " pops up putting his shitty ass two sense so I intervene and kindly explain to him that he shouldn't speak to his costumers in such tone and that I am speaking very calm and nicely so he should to and he then tells me "well that is how I talk, if you don't like it you can leave, how about that." He then says I was accusing him of being rude, which he was. & then tells me to leave his restaurant and to have my name crossed off the list. . I was sooooooo shocked I have never been so insulted. It took everything in me not to cause a scene in front of my mom. MOST DISRESPECTFUL DIRTY MONEY MAKING PLACE I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH. No matter how much money you make how many customers you get if your customer service sucks and you could careless you will GET NOWHERE. Respect is everything & for us to wait for 2 1/2 hours just to be kicked out on my mothers birthday was beyond disrespectful. They didn't even want to give a pregnant woman a damn chair smh. As a grow ass man, that was so distasteful.  I believe in karma and God and that guy should really count his blessing. Smh, never in my life would I ever eat there again. So unfortunate cause they really make great food. But no, I will not help pay the Devils bills. No cuban Pete's for me or my company !
