I have been reluctant to write this review because of my years of loyalty to this place but this needs to be said....  About 2 weeks ago my friend and I decided to pop into T Moms for a quick afternoon beer while shopping on South St, keep in mind this being one of my rare days off working as a chef. I have been coming to T Moms for almost a decade now and always found it a great place to bring friends from out of town and a great place to make new friends, but I CANNOT believe the way my friend and I were treated. We walk in to sit down at the bar and the bartender (a black lady wearing sunglasses indoors mind you) asked for our IDs. I had found it strange because Im almost never asked for my ID, and I'm a familiar with the place. I handed her my ID completely forgetting that it was expired, and once she noticed it, started to immediately get hostile with me....NOT RUDE but HOSTILE. She looked at my friends ID, him being 44yrs old and having a Louisiana ID, stared at it for about a good 5min before asking us what we wanted to drink. We ordered 2 pabst and she went to go give them to us. I was exclaiming how I can't believe my license was expired for that long to my friend, the she stops....She then tells us that she isn't going to serve us with "those bullshit ass IDs" and "quit disrespecting us by coming in here with those bullshit IDs" and then finally to "get the fuck outta here with your lame asses". I was waiting for her to come over the bar and start swinging at me. The way she was screaming at us was like she wanted me to start screaming back at her, but I didn't. I work in the industry and if she didn't want to serve us then why did she almost hand us a beer and why couldn't she have politely asked us to leave? Of all the times I have been to Moms, I have never caused a problem, always tipped well and had a good time but after that I WILL NEVER GO BACK!    T Mom's I hate to say you lost a very loyal customer that brought you years of business because of one bartender. I understand it is a liability, no doubt, but I've been treated better in South Philly dive bars, and wasn't expecting to be screamed at like that in there of all places. I'm shocked if you allow her to continue working there after knowing she cursed at, insulted and pretty much attacked 2 loyal patrons. I love the rest of the staff there, but she really needs to go.
