For my 250th review, I thought it would be nice to write about the place I've eaten at the most in NYC, Sophie's. I've been obsessed with Cubanos since 2002, when I read an article by the late R.W. Apple of the New York Times query.nytimes.com/gst/fu… Soon afterward I visited the Latin American Cafeteria in Miami, as per his suggestion and a love affair was born between me and this most delicious pressed sandwich. As for the Latin American Cafeteria and I, we are just friends.  Things were hot and the food was heavy on one magical February date in 2002, but long distance relationships with cafeterias are just too hard.   When I got to NYC in 2003, I was looking for a regular lunchtime thing, if you know what I mean.  I saw Sophie's signage and my heart skipped a beat.  In short order, I was head over heels in love.  Sophie's was friendly, low-maintenance (i.e. cheap), and tasted delicious.  After suffering through too many Cafe Con Leches in Chicago that tasted like Cafe Lattes from Starbucks, I savored every delicious sip of Sophie's coffee and counted myself as lucky to be living in New York City. Over the years, I have seen it all at Sophie's.  I have generally had quick efficient service, but on occasion have had to fight to get my coffee or the check.  Speaking of fights, I once saw one here between two young ladies (rawr), and had to explain to my coworker going for the first time that this was most definitely a "special" treat for us :-); I have never seen one since. The reason they were fighting, or at least a contributing factor, is the sometimes crazy lines here.  Sophie's gets people in and out quickly, but between the lines for tables and the carryout and sandwich lines there's sometimes no room to move.  If you like to start fights, then there's your chance! Oh, yes.  Early on in our relationship, I learned Sophie and her family are really Peruvian,  not Cuban, but since their sandwiches and coffee are good, that's not a problem for me:-).  The best sandwich is really the usually delectable pernil.  It's at its most succulent  when the sandwich guy picks out the juiciest pieces of pork for you, so by all means be polite.  The cubano is also good, and the quickest one if you're in a hurry (they are pre-made, so they just heat and press).  The steak sandwich, btw, is underrated and pretty tasty I've heard that some of their platters/entrees are not as authentically Cuban as they could be, but I don't have enough expertise to say.  The list of dishes changes each day (but not the sandwiches) and in the past I've enjoyed the shrimp before, and of course the pernil, which is almost as good when it's not on a sandwich. The soup is good at Sophie's, and it and almost anything else here are better if you ask for some of their green sauce and pour it on.  Ordering some rice to dump in your soup is also a good move, but now a more costly one.  It used to cost just 50 cents, but now is a buck fifty extra or perhaps more. This gets to something I've been meaning to warn you about; Sophie's used to be a pretty cheap date, but over time she has wanted more and more of my money at lunchtime.  Sandwiches went from five bucks to $6.95.  Soup pretty much doubled in price, and more than doubled if you get rice to go with it.  One good thing is their tasty chicken empanadas are still pretty cheap. As business waned over the Summer with our economic meltdown and all, some great specials were instituted and my love rekindled.  They have gone by the wayside, but I've noticed that portion sizes seem to be up, and anyway giving up Sophie's is a lost cause.   She really has her hooks in me.
