People, it's just a food cart !!! Come on already. Got out of a Comedy Central Special taping in Union Square Theatre and starting walking toward 23rd instead of 14th. Turned out to be a bad move as far as optimal subway stop connections. Came this far so I decided to just hoof it. Rain was threatening which made the late night walk home that much more exciting. Thoughts of the halal cart started floating across my mind. It was well past 11 and I was feeling really tired and was doing some intense walking. Surprisingly, I decided to walk an extra 10 blocks out of my way to get some sidewalk lamb goodness. Didn't get a chance to grab dinner before waiting an hour and a half to get in to see Greg Giraldo. A little drizzle. Almost midnight. Quick lamb and go. Had the plan. Get to the cart and found 30 people on line waiting for halal cart. At midnight! What are you people thinking??? I walked past 20+ carts on the way here. Most were standing around idly, waiting to serve any takers. This is a food cart. It's processed gyro meat. Please get out of line so that I can get me some lamb quickly, when I'm in the area. Especially when I walk  34 blocks from Union Square I don't want to wait behind 30 of your sad souls to get my gyro lamb fix. Come on. Get over it people. It a cart for goodness sake. This time I got the white sauce: yogurt, cucumber, and mayo. I would prefer it without any mayo in it  (if I had it my way) and the hot sauce. The last time had just the hot sauce without the white sauce. Lost massive nose hairs that time. Beware the hot sauce is hot. These guys are generous; with the meat, and with the sauce. My ideal would be lamb with cucumber and yogurt sauce (no mayo in white sauce please) and a dash of hot sauce. But alas this is just a food cart. I've had better, but at midnight the options are limited. Great cheap, but not quick, sidewalk food at almost any hour of day or night. [UPDATE 6/19/09: Went for another walk and stopped by again today early afternoon to try the chicken pita. I was happily surprised that it only cost $3. I usually get the lamb and pay $4. Still prefer the lamb. The walk: 39 blocks The line: 38 people The chicken pita: $3 The wait: 36 minutes Billable waiting time: $120 worth* I waited less at midnight; they had 3 guys that night. Only 2 for the lunch rush today. Go figure. Solid 3 stars. I want to give them 4. I really do. I'm trying. I even came back again. $123 for an OK chicken pita plus a 36 minute wait for quick cart food can only be 3 stars. Max. I prefer to wait at least 2-3 people at a busy cart for more freshly prepared food than most other carts; but a line of 30-38 people at almost any hour of day or night. You people don't listen. You make me wait mad time for my halal food. Can't believe it ! ] *reason I still haven't waited on shake shack line A, though I am listed on Lucy L's shake shack line 'will jump for burger' escort and conversation service, and I'm worth every penny. Shameless plug. Please contact 'the Jumper' for pricing and availability.
