A friend of mine picked this place, since I didn't want to be venturing around downtown Philadelphia late at night on my own. It's pretty much right near the Rodeway Inn on Walnut Street, so I was like, cool ok. El Vez is a bar / Mexican restaurant that was alive on a nonchalant Thursday evening. I was there with a friend of mine after 9pm and we had to wait for a table. We finally sat down at a booth at 9:30pm. I looked at the prices and it was a bit rich for my blood, but I had to eat something. El Vez is located on 13th Street and Samson Street in downtown Philadelphia. Not someplace I would normally be at, but I was with a friend, which made it a pretty good experience. Good company and ok food made it a good night. I ordered a strawberry margarita to kick things off, then I ordered the beef tacos, which really turned out to be small beef things on won ton skins. You got to be kidding me, which was my initial reaction. Of course, there was four of them, but still, it was tiny. Wow. Even my friend and I were shocked. And that cost like $12 or something. Wow indeed. Still it was tasty, so that part didn't bother me too much. I was done in like 15 minutes and no mess either. It was like an appetizer that somehow made it to the entree part of the menu. El Vez seemed to be a large place, with plenty of tables and seats at the bar, but when we were there, some tables were empty, but we couldn't be seated right away. That sucks, but whatever. The ambiance felt different, since it somehow felt more nightclub than just a bar and restaurant. Still, it was a good experience overall. They, of course, take credit cards, so that's always a plus in my book. But she paid this time though, since she lived in Philadelphia and I was a visitor. Thought that was cool. I was to go to Cap@giro anyway for some awesome gelato and they didn't disappoint either. My friend had some sort of wrap or burrito, which ended up being pretty tasty, as she recalled. Recommended if you like a pleasurable experience, Mexican food, and a flavorful explosion at your fingertips. Support local! C
