I'm sad to have to do this, but it can't be helped. I was thrilled when this place opened and had at least a few lovely meals here in the beginning. Now I come here less and less. Months go by between visits before I break down and come again, each time hoping to be pleasantly surprised and have another lovely meal here. Every time we walk out shaking out heads. I doubt I'll go there again. The backyard is charming and they have decent house wines by the carafe. The food used to be quite good. More and more I would only describe it as "not bad." Considering that there's not the widest selection in the neighborhood, "not bad" would actually be good enough for a meal now and then. But the service has gotten TERRIBLE. Really, really bad. Distracted, brusque, forgetful, rushed, and sometimes rude. Tonight didn't start off on a good foot when we couldn't get the server to make eye contact and he walked away while we were in the middle of talking to him. However, both myself and the friend I was eating with have worked in the service industry before and can be pretty forgiving. "He seems distracted, they must be understaffed tonight," we told each other. But it was downhill from there. At no point in the service did he look at us when he spoke to us and even seemed hostile when doing things like asking if everything was okay. We sat for ages waiting to place our order and had to flag him down to do so. Then the entrees came before the appetizers. Then he cleared our small share plates and silverware before we were done eating our appetizers. We tried to say something, but because he was looking away and darted off quickly, he didn't notice. We ate the rest of our octopus salad with our fingers. A few moments later a different staff member came and cleared the remaining plates and asked if we wanted dessert. We said no, we ready for the check. Fifteen minutes went by. No check. We flagged down our actual server and said we were ready for the check. He said he'd be right back with it. Twenty minutes went by. At this point it was getting quite late and there was no staff member in sight in the backyard so we gathered our things and walked to the hostess area and explained we had been waiting for our check for some time, but needed to leave. We interacted with three people in this process: one was nice enough, the other two made as feel like we were hugely inconveniencing them. No one apologized or acted at all concerned. In the end it took over two hours for a quick meal of salad and pizza. And they were not understaffed, we counted five employees on the floor of the not huge backyard. GO TO CELESTINO!
