Heard about this through friends and wasn't sure what to expect. It's definitely in a very popular area (right in front of the Flatiron building), but for some reason I wasn't expecting it to be THAT packed. Maybe because the entrance area is quite narrow, it felt like too much at times. I honestly did not have the patience to look around the entire establishment because of how busy it was, and it went straight to the restaurant that serves the pizza and pasta. We were told a 30 min wait and decided to walk around outside until they called us.. however when they did, it was only 15 mins into our wait time, and they informed us only then, that we would need to arrive back to Eataly within 5 mins, or our table would be given away. Seeing as how were about 10 mins away I was quite put off by the fact that they didn't give us this piece of information beforehand.. otherwise we wouldn't have ventured so far. Also turns out that they don't seat you unless you have your entire party there, and seeing as how we were still waiting for our 2 other friends, they didn't even sit us anyway. Overall, the waiting experience could have been better but I do appreciate the host seating us almost right away when our friends finally did arrive. As for the food and service the food was GREAT. I ordered the gnocchi special (which came in a lamb sauce) and our entire table agreed it was the best dish of all. But that's not to say everyone elses dishes were not good, because they were really delicious. I've had pizza from Napoli, and although I wouldn't say their pizza was just as good, it was definitely pretty close (the cheese could have been cheesier). I won't go into detail with the other dishes, but we all ordered something different, and we all came out really really satsified. Despite the wait at the beginning, and what seems to be a neverending crowd, Eataly is quite an experience to try at least once. PS I LOVE the idea of the "piazza". We ordered a glass of wine that you can take around with you as you browse the different aisles. Such a great idea!
