Let me just start by saying Uni Kobu Yaki (grilled sea urchin). I love the atmosphere of Robataya from the open kitchen to the ninja-like chefs, hopping back and forth, skewering a fish here or serving up a dish on a pizza peel (the long oar-like thing) there. [One of the must get dishes is the Uni Kobu Yaki] Perusing the menu, we pretty much wanted to try everything, but decided to cap it off and then add on later, if anything. [Uni Kobu Yaki Uni Kobu Yaki Uni Kobu Yaki] Since we were seated in the corner, we were able to get a full profile view of the chefs and watch exactly how some of our dishes were prepared. Very cool. By order of appearance: Sanshoku Namasu Ae (Japanese Classic Appetizer - off the specials menu) 5: A mix of sliced tuna skin, papaya and daikon, topped with salmon roe. The papaya and daikon really gave this dish a nice burst but surprisingly, I wasn't all that impressed with the tuna skin.   Gyu Fillet Tataki (Seared Beef Fillet with Sea Urchin - off the specials menu) 9: I've had uni crostinis and I've had uni with eggs but uni with sliced beef? What a delicious combination... Ei-Hire エイヒレ (Dried Stingray Fin) 6: Normally I wouldn't order something like this since dried seafood reminds me of the preserved, prepackaged Chinese snacks I can buy at the Asian market, but I was curious to try stingray. I don't know what they seasoned the dried stingray fin with but boy was it really good. I didn't even dip it in the kewpie (Japanese sweet) mayonnaise.   Uni Kobu Yaki 雲丹の塩昆布焼き (Grilled Sea Urchin Sprinkled w/Salted Konbu Seaweed) 11: O...M...G...I've only had uni sashimi but grilling it really gives it a nice sweet flavor. Grilled in a clam shell topped with salted seaweed, had this dish come out first I would've just ordered 3 more and called it a night...ok fine I would've ordered 5 more. If my not-so-subliminal messages above didn't get in your head to order this, I'll just straight out say it here to all the uni lovers out there, this is definitely worth a try!! Aspara Bou アスパラ棒の松の実あられ揚げ (Lightly Fried Asparagus and White Fish Paste Encrusted with Pine Nuts and Rice Crackers) 8: Oddly enough, it was the boyfriend who wanted to order this dish. The boyfriend who doesn't like asparagus...wanted to order this dish. He thought it sounded interesting and that's exactly what it was. Fried white fish paste was very reminiscent of fish cake and encrusting it with pine nuts was deliciously creative. Hotate 活帆立だし焼 (Sea Scallop in Umami Soup) 10: The chef took a whole live scallop, shucked it open, cleaned and sliced the giant scallop then simmered the umami soup with the scallop right in its own shell. So fresh and tasty, I only wish I had a spoon to drink the soup. The thought did cross my mind to just drink straight from the shell but I decided against it and just looked longingly at the broth until it was swept away. Lamb ラム (New Zealand Lamb w/ Salt) 5: Priced per piece. Can't go wrong with grilled lamb chops. Perfectly medium rare and juicy. The meat was sliced off the chop but it was still It was at this point, the boyfriend expressed how satisfied he was with the meal and started to get a little full. I, on the other hand, was still curious to try more dishes and reminded him that we were still waiting on the Kamameshi (rice bowl). I looked over the menu again and ordered two more dishes. Tsukune 特製つくね (Homemade Chicken meat ball w/ Salt or Teriyaki Sauce) 4.5: Priced per piece. It wasn't bad. I took a bite of my half and gave the rest to the boyfriend, who polished it off. We looked at each other and shrugged. That about sums up the dish. Kamo Hotate Kunsei (Smoked Duck and Scallop with Shredded Onion and Mustard - off the specials menu): I don't know if it was the cold smoked duck or maybe it was the mustard but it reminded me of German food. In my opinion, it really didn't fit in with the rest of the meal. After we finished the two dishes, I sadly sipped at my wine and admitted that we shuld've just waited for the kamameshi without ordering anything else. At the beginning of dinner, our waiter suggested an off-menu kamameshi with sliced fish and broth. Very cute set up with a side of sliced fish, seaweed, wasabi and a small tea kettle of broth was set in front of us. A scoop of rice into my bowl along with fish, seaweed and topped with broth. Now this is my kind of comfort food. The boyfriend watched, amazed, as I polished off what he couldn't finish. He said he had never seen me consume so much rice...and then go for seconds...and then clean the pot out. Although we almost ended the meal with a few disappointing dishes, we still left Robataya happily satisfied. Robataya, you will definitely be seeing us again. And on a final note... Uni. Kobu. Yaki. Come on, you had to have guessed that by now...
