Waiting is never easy....but if you're going to do it , may you be surrounded with the savory aromas like the ones you will experience while you wait at Locanda Verde. And make no mistake....you will wait. Thankfully the skilled artisans behind the bar are VERY good at what they do. And in a bar that can be that busy that kind of attentiveness can make all the difference between passing some time over drinks with friends and losing your patience waiting passed your scheduled time. Now I know I'm going to catch a lot of flack for this, but I didn't get the Ricotta. I know! BUT I had just come from a wine tasting with cheese...kind of cheesed out (is that even possible). Anyway...it's on the list for next time. But I hear these are a MUST have. For the apps started with the: Fritto Misto: Advertised with Rock Shrimp and Ipswich Clams, but they must have been short on clams because it also had squid. Folks the shrimp was a lightly breaded juicy little bit of delight that just burst in..dare I say...Umami...yeah I dare. Moved on to the: Lamb Meatball Sliders with Caprino and cucumber. (NOTE: Caprino is a goat cheese...just in case you don't care for goat cheese. I thought it was extremely complimentary) The meatballs were tender with extreme depth in their taste and mostly importantly...perfect moist. The Caprino and cucumber completed the taste from the first bite to the last swallow. This is a MUST DO. For the dinner: It was a share of two pasta plates. The Gigantone  ( a large tubular pasta) with Sunday night ragu and provolone picante and a Papardelle with shreds of duck (special that night). The pasta was fresh , warm with the sauce for both dishes served at the perfect ratio which really allowed the dishes to express themselves. The wine list....excellent with some fairly priced bottles. Never even got to dessert (other than some Sambuca..I mean  right?). There is just too much to try in one setting....so yes a "revisit" is going to happen. So get on that waiting list or try to sneak in early on a Mon or Tues night and see of you can get a table. But I can say without hesitation. It's worth taking a shot.... Cin Cin!
