I have been here once before but the company I was with ruined my visit forcing me to put a hault on my meat fest. 3 years later, I am ready to take my meatatarian boyfriend for his birthday. With our busy schedules, we must have called 3 or 4 times to change our reservations. The hostess did not mind at all and was more than happy to accomodate us 3 days earlier. As we entered, 15 minutes late due to traffic and parking, 5 staff members gave us a wonderful welcome and seated us immediately. My boyfriend is not one to be crammed into a corner which happens often when 2 people dine out. This was not the case at Fogo de Chao. The waitress gave us a nice run down of what to do and what to expect. We hit the wonderful salad bar. If you are a basil fan you must try their basil dressing (it is bright green). This went well over spinach and tomato salad. There was and apple and raisin salad that was also delicious but hey, we are here to talk about the meat, right? On for the meat olympics as we called it. It does seem like they bring out the lesser quality meats first, which is still quite tasty. I must say I know most people come for the beef but do not pass on the chicken legs!!! The manager informed us they were soaked in cognac and beer!!!! AWESOME!!! The sirloin and rib eye was THE BEST we ever had! Grab a crispy end piece.. it is still nice and dark pink on the inside. PERFECT!!!! The waitstaff was wonderful. The food just keeps coming. Do not forget to stop for a breather.We wondered why we waited so long for our check and to our surprise they came out with a slice of chocolate cake for my boyfriends birthday (which he mentioned briefly on the phone so we could get an early reservation). And somehow we managed to eat every last morsel of the cake, which was also very rich and delicious! We thanked the staff and praised them for one of the best dining expeiences ever. It is expensive. $150 for 2 dinners, iced tea and a mojito plus tip (tip them well, they desrve it) is a lot for two people on teacher's salaries but WELL WORTH IT!!!!
