Not worth the money. There are much better Starr restaurants. I probably won't go back here if I can help it. There are also much better french bistro's that are more affordable. Let me break down each of my visits: 1st time: Nice experience, good service, good table and good food. We sat in the front room by the front door. Had the steak frites and the seasonal fruit tart. No complaints. 2nd time: Went back here with my mom and sister a few weeks later for my birthday. We had reservations even though it was a Tuesday night. It was not crowded but they sat us all the way in the back where there was only one other table occupied. We sat. ...and sat ...and sat. No one came by to greet us or drop off bread or water even though a server stopped by the only other table occupied and dropped off a check. We tried to wave him down but he either didn't see us or didn't care. After 45 minutes of waiting we decided to leave. We told the host on our way out that we were leaving because no one came to wait on us. She said sorry and told us to have a nice night. We ended up walking into Rouge and having a great dinner at cheaper prices. 3rd Time: The last time I was here was about two months ago. My friends from Baltimore were in town and they wanted to check out Parc. It was a busy Saturday night, we had reservations, and again we were seated all the way in the back.  The service was just OK. She wasn't the most attentive server I've ever had and she seemed a bit frazzled. All I can say about the food is how unbelievably salty everything was. From our apps to entree's, we could  barely eat it. Even my Lyonnaise salad was so salty that I sent it back. We told the waitress that every item we ordered was too salty to eat and I asked her if anyone else had complained about the overly salted food. She said there were two other tables that night who mentioned it as well. What I want to know is, if people were already complaining, why did they keep over-salting the food?? I find this a strange coincidence because a few months ago we were at El Vez and my mushroom queso fundido was so salty that I had to send it back. However they didn't charge me at El Vez for the item. They must have a line cook or a sous chef on staff that they rotate around the Starr Restaurants who is obsessed with salt. I find it really disappointing that some of these pricey Starr restaurants can't do something so basic as properly season their food. It says a lot.
