You know that the food is very good when the conversation stops. ... or, it's very spicy.... (or both) I realized this a few years back while seated at Peaches Hothouse with a few OG yelpers, and one of our friends, otherwise an entertaining  conversationalist, just stopped talking. He had ordered the extra hot fried chicken, and while the pain wasn't enough to get him to start hallucinating, it did shut down one end. (Somewhat ironic, taking in the full picture...). Now, I used to be braver (and younger) then and so I had the audacity to ask for some hot sauce on the side as well, much to the amusement of our waitress. Bravado aside, memory suppression would likely explain why my next visit to the Hothouse took another few years... While I've been more regular since, and Peaches Hothouse shows no sign of slacking when it comes to the volume of customers they bring into Bed Stuy, it's pretty clear that there's been a (marginal) decline in quality as the (co)owners have focused more on other restaurants that the B+C Restaurant group has since launched. I don't know what's changed in the cooking, but lately all the heat (from Cayenne Pepper) is coated on the skin, and once you've eaten the skin, the chicken inside, while moist, shows no hint of fire. I know this wasn't the case earlier. Hothouse serves a full menu (though I wish they had biscuits), at brunch and dinner, but it would be pointless if you were to come here and not eat the fried chicken. In one of my recent visits, I sat next to a father as he tried to cajole his daughter into trying some fried chicken - but, she resisted all his entreaties. Kids, these days... I have tried the desserts, and don't believe they serve much purpose other than re-acquainting you with your lips and liberating them from their numb state. I can't say much for the ambience. Peaches Hothouse is certainly not a date place for the crowd that is no longer shopping at Forever 21. The best case scenario is that you'll stop talking after a few bites of that extra hot chicken. In the worse case: you might end up crying in front of your date... not to mention it wouldn't be advisable to take her home and have her listen to a medley of the Berlin Philharmonic and an A cappella soloist the next morning. While Peaches is not in the same league as Prince's Hot Chicken, or Hattie B's... it will save you the trip to Nashville, and is your best bet till another hot chicken place opens up in the city (3.5 stars)
