I really adore this place. The front dining area by the bar is a billion times cuter than the back area, but if you sit in the back area, you can watch them make your pizza which is pretty cool too. I have a thing for cutesy ambience and the skylight in the back ruined my expectations for a candlelit dinner. Regardless, I always really enjoy coming here and everyone I bring here loves it too. The wait staff is always so nice, helpful, and attentive (though not intrusive). They all seem to have a great sense of humor too - it's subtle and pleasant, so by no means are they trying to get some cheap laughs out of you or anything. Instead, it's just refreshing and makes for an enjoyable meal. They're one of the few places that immediately brings you ice water (instead of the typical jug of still tap water) without you having to ask for it first, which is awesome when it's ridiculously hot in New York City and your body feels like it's going to collapse at any moment. Anyway, on to the food. The bread is not that great, but I'm willing to overlook it because their main dishes are quite delicious. Most of their dishes have two size options, so if you're like me and you like to sample multiple dishes, it's incredibly accommodating. With that said, I usually split 2 small dishes with a friend and we always walk out stuffed, so the portions are incredibly filling even if you're ordering the small version. The CAVATELLI (cavatelli pasta with broccoli rabe, sausage, garlic, and olive oil) is awesome. It's al dente, which I love.  It's a pretty simple dish, but the flavors mix well and the sausage is so good. The VODKA PIZZA (vodka sauce with fresh mozzarella) is amazing too. The sauce is so good and the pizza is thin crust perfection. It's not so thin and crisp so as to give off that "cracker" feeling, but it's not dense and chewy either. I've gotten it with sausage on top and the flavors blend really well, but next time I'm going to try some other flavor combinations to break this sausage binge I've had with Rubirosa. The FLOURLESS CHOCOLATE CAKE (with salted caramel gelato) is heaven, which I expected, since most respectable restaurants can make a kick ass flourless chocolate cake. The NONNA'S CANNOLI was disappointing. They don't use the traditional cannoli filling (theirs is thinner are more like an icing than a custard), which is the entire reason I eat cannolis in the first place, so I didn't really enjoy it. Overall, this place is really lovely. The service is always phenomenal and the food is really very good (and incredibly cheap too). I have issues with the bread they serve and the cannolis, but otherwise, I always have very positive experiences here.
