Let me start by saying I am Filipino and came here with 3 other Filipinos so I might be a tough critic. I came here for a group of 4 for Kamayan night $45/pp choices of 2 appetizers and 3 entrees.  I would have given 3 stars for the food/experience but then they served us sour halo halo  that brought them down to 2 stars. For $45/pp and a 20% tip automatically included I expect good service, freshness, quantity, and great quality. For appetizers I ordered snails and banana ketchup ribs. No, I did not get the lumpia which is probably one the cheapest Filipino cuisine. So I figured let me get my money's worth. Anyway, I digress... The snails were good but only a handful. The ribs were okay, 2 pieces each, some pieces were flavorful and some were lacking flavor. what's up with the inconsistency? For the entree I ordered the shrimp, chicken, and crab. the shrimp was flavorful and tasty. For 4 people, there were 8 pieces of prawns (large shrimp) so basically ONLY 2 pieces each but it was probably the best part of the meal. The crab was okay only serve 4 crabs, so yes 1 crab per person. The chicken which was suppose to be flavored with soy sauce, calamansi, and 5 other flavors was utterly flavorless, the skin like what another reviewer said was gross. Do not get the chicken!  Last but not least, the halo halo was sour.  It's almost pathetic because halo halo is the easiest thing to make.  If you are going to charge your customers 45pp make sure your serving fresh good quality ingredients especially for a dessert so easy! We thought it was green jelly and told the waitress. she apologized and brought us another one a couple minutes later.  Sadly, the second halo halo was also sour but we felt too bad complaining again. The table agreed that it was the milk. They also gave us an additional flan dessert topped with blackberries as an apology which was good! Overall, it was a good thing to experience ONCE. However, I would not come back. Basically i paid 45 dollars for 2 shrimps, a bit of snails, 2 half sized sized ribs, 1 crab, disgusting chicken meat, and 1 sour halo halo with rotten milk to share with 4 people. I find the establishment overpriced for what you get. I don't mind paying a lot of money but the food and service should match the price. I agree that this restaurant is hype. It seems the good reviews are from people who didn't do Kamayan. Would I try to come back for regular dinner? Maybe, but I'm so turned off from this experience it will not be for a very very long time.
