This street alone is like the battle of the halal carts with literally a cart on every corner of this block. Well im ready for this smack down... Well smacking my lips down on some halal food that is. I like the combo with chicken and lamb over rice but if you want to be all exotic about it get the lamb. Its something different and not necessarily something you can just make at home. The yellow rice it comes with is okay but i like it when they spice up the rice too. I have eaten at a lot of halal carts and eat halal about once a week. Some places add cinnamon and caraway seeds. I didn't really see any visible spices but the lamb is well seasoned. Some other places focus on their salad and they give you cucumbers and peppers and chickpeas and olive oil but this place is just your standard lettuce and tomato. Some places even give you an egg not this place. But with their well prepared lamb steaming hot off the grill once you smell the meat juices cooking you cannot say no. I bet you can follow the smell of this steam cloud of spices from the MOMA a block away like a cartoon finger beckoning at the tip of your nose. The only inconvenience is the long line and the lack of seating to eat and yes I recognize that its street food but sometimes after waiting so long you just want to chow down right away. They actually put up a scaffold at the plaza where I normally sit and put a net to keep people away for our own safety i guess. No more free seating but still a good place to go tourist watching while you are waiting. Or you can play punch buggy with your friends while you wait on this crazy line for your food. There's like 5 cabs to every 1 normal car going down 6th Avenue. Now onto the sauce! They say the proof is in the pudding but when it comes to halal the secret is in the sauce. The white sauce and the hot sauce is like the ultimate fight of good versus evil once it hits your tongue.... and as it goes down... and as it comes out the next day (you know what i'm talking about *eewie*). But its all about the balance because that hot sauce is like crazy steam out of your ears hot sometimes and that white tzatziki sauce is like a balm to your mouth to quench the fi-yah! If you can make it through the crowds of tourists come grab some decent halal. Definitely cheap and definitely a different kind of street food experience. #yelpsbucketlist
