Yes, I'm lactose-intolerant. Yes, I carry around about a dozen Lactaid pills wherever I go. And no, I don't always remember to take them before indulging in cheesy or milky goodness. In the heat of the moment, you've got to reach into your purse, search frantically for it, and spend minutes ripping open the packet...and that can kill the moment. I'm sure we've all been there. I decided to just go for it, so I had an unprotected cheesy encounter last night. I'm paying for it today, but boy was it worth it! The cheesy encounter I'm referencing is the famed spinach gnocchi in a gorgonzola cream sauce. It wasn't even the dish I ordered-I ordered my gnocchi with tomato sauce because I wanted to be good. But my friend had to taunt me by ordering the dish the way it's supposed to be...and I found myself sneaking forkfuls every time she wasn't looking. It reminded me of the best gnocchi dish I've ever had (until last night, anyhow), at a red-sauce Italian place called Luigi's in Anaheim. The gnocchi there was covered in alfredo sauce, so it was a bit heavier, and the gnocchi at Malatesta were a bit fluffier, maybe because they were made with spinach. They literally melted in your mouth, but they were served so piping hot that the first few bites didn't have time to melt before I had to swallow them! My other friend ordered the fettuccine with meat sauce, and it was excellent as well. Not heavy, but still hearty. I kept stealing bites of his as well, but the clear winner at the table with the gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce. This place was CHEAP for what you're getting-the entrees were all around $14, which is a steal for this neighborhood and the portion size! The bottle of wine we ordered was the best Pinot Grigio I've ever had (Kossler, I think it was), but it was around $40. We asked the bartenders if the cheaper one (which was around $30) would be a decent option and they assured us that the extra ten bucks would be worth it. And it was! It was silky smooth and just a hint of sweetness, making for easy drinking. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the bread because it had rosemary in it and I can't stand rosemary (food poisoning incident a while back that I still haven't gotten over), and they served the bread on a small plate and didn't bring another plate for oil/vinegar. Most places bring each person their own plate, so it's a good thing I was with friends who I didn't mind sharing with! The wait wasn't bad either. On a Saturday night at 9:30, three of us only had to wait about 15 minutes. They let us squeeze in to the "bar" area where we ordered our bottle of wine and chilled until we got our table. It's a great neighborhood and setting for people watching, and they have all of the walls open to the outside. Definitely a great place to come with friends or a date! Highly recommend it.
