I'm going to preface my review by saying I don't think this place is a one star place AT ALL. But what they did in regards to service and reacting to customers is unforgivable. Let me begin.... It was a cold Valentine's Day, and knowing the cute french decor and amazing food, this place was going to get some serious love on this day.  They said they were not taking reservations, decided to just put our name on the list and wait this one out.  The host(owner?) said coldly it will be a while.  We didn't mind and went next door to listen to some live jazz at their sister bar Flying Lobster.  We drank, we waited, and waited, 45 min, one hour, and then about 1.5 hours into our wait I figured I'd check on the status.  Well he had skipped us now, and said that he TRIED to call us.  I checked my phone, showed him I don't think I missed any calls(I even TESTED my phone by having my fiancee call my phone, lol.)  I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt.  He says go back to lounge and he'll call me or send someone over when ready.  Server comes into the bar, asking EVERYONE BUT ME if they have a reservation next door. I'm flailing my arms like inflatable tube man at this point to get her attention before she gives away my table.  She just walks up and says, "We tried calling you." I checked my phone again...am I going crazy?!  I go to the "gentleman" host and say we are here and ready........He says we are not on the list......like I hadn't spoken to him two in the last 2 hours!  I was floored!  He was calling me a liar when i know HE was lying about calling me!  Luckly a table with a couple that saw us waiting defended us, saying we were waiting next to them.  We actually had to argue to be considered to get a table, he very rudely said "fine, take that table right there."  The waitress was less than kind, probably a bad day for her too.  The whole dinner we heard the host bitch and moan about how busy they are and how it is such a terrible day....yea, REAL romantic scenery.  At this point the fiancee and I are just laughing about what a story we'll have to tell. Now the kicker, I was the table next to another reviewer that had a bad experience.  He ordered dessert, than asked for a coffee to go with it.  The host said NO!  NEVER have I seen such a thing!  Deny a coffee with dessert, especially after WAITING over an hour to eat?!  Un-real.  I would have been livid too. Now the icing, That couple chugged their coffee since the next couple was practically hovering over them.  New couple sits down, 5 min, 10 min, 15 min, probably 20 min and no service.  They get up and leave and I hear them tell the host they got screwed out of dinner.  I WAS surprised the host/owner tried to rectify the situation for them by offering a future better experience or something monetary, gift card, I don't know, I wasn't THAT invested in others. I write this review more as a LESSON to the host/owner/restaurant staff....on busy Holidays, ESPECIALLY Vday, take ONLY reservations. That would have solved everything.  AND treat each customer the same, I kid you not, I think he "called" us so that regulars would get seated faster and seated in the back/nicer part of restaurant.  It was so funny as we left, Ana and I looked into the window and everyone looked like they were having the time of their lives with loved ones, like we were the poor children with our faces pressed against the glass looking at all the rich folk. The two rooms truly were night and day in atmosphere. I finish by saying the food was still TOP NOTCH.  So good in fact that even though I would normally NEVER go back to a place that called me a liar and denied a coffee with dessert, I STILL will come here for some amazing fresh seafood.  And I will GLADLY write another 5 star review when they deserve one.
