Wacky new ideas don't mean you can actually cook or call yourself a chef.  Fish and chips are just too flavorful that there aren't any balance which really is something hard to mess up.  My friend had, I remember, beef strips with kimchi: a terrible attempt of Western and Eastern fusion.  Then some stupid lady with no idea wtf she's talking about suggested foie gras donut.  The best way I can describe the desert is a donut that tasted like a duck's asshole after being force fed, even though I'm not sure what ducks' assholes taste like but I'm quite sure I'm pretty close in describing it.  This restaurant seems like it is just a hipster joint that is based solely on creativity.  Hip doesn't cover for immature and sad attempts of food combinations.  Justin Warner seemed and sounded, from his interview, like he never had official training.  I'm not asking for an amazing diploma or certificate, but Do or Dine is just a restaurant for a bad boy and rebel to mess about in the kitchen with whatever he can find in the back of the fridge.  Sure being culinary adventurous is a great and all, but without a backbone in your concepts it just felt like you're trying too hard.  I remember my friend's thought in his first bite was "confusing and doesn't make much sense".  It doesn't matter if your restaurant is hip or world's most boring, the food is what it matters at the end.  I was very disappointed in Do or Dine.  I thought Michelin Star requires you to provide amazing tasting food first, then the concepts and executions?  In my final words for this experience and opinion, the dishes are just too powerful and too rich in the palette that makes me feel that Justin doesn't have the foundation of cooking but instead just jumped ahead. Of course when it all comes down to it, this is only my personal opinion.  Take it or leave it.  I have extremely high standard in my restaurant dining (I'm a picky and judgmental little bitch).  Maybe my expectation was too high but I don't need an expensive meal but I do need someone that knows what he/she is doing in the kitchen.  I believe simplicity in tastes and flavoring is better than over the top weirdness.   Obviously, many people seem to like it but than again, people seems to not appreciate the simple  rules and flavors in our ingredients but just want to be wowed or grabbed by the balls all the time. Just my opinion but I definitely did not enjoy my meal nor will I go back there again.
