Room Service, please?  No, this is not the typical phrase associated to a hotel setting.  This is an actual restaurant.  Surpringly, a trendy in design and somewhat classy Thai Restaurant to be exact and for once we find a restaurant where the name does not even relate the food.  NEAT! After browsing Yelp for a Thai Cuisine for about an hour, I came across Room Service and decided to hold a group birthday celebration here for my boyfriend because he loves Thai food and because the Yelp info indicated "Good for Groups".  YUP, Yelp really helped me on this one since I needed a place suitable for a group of six.  So I made the reservation ahead of time.  Good thing I did because the place was packed by the time we arrived.  There was even a line extended out the door.  Talk about popularity.  Well, it was expected because we went on a Friday night.  [TIP: Make reservations ahead of time to avoid waiting unless you don't mind the wait.] Now onto the food, I was totally blown away by the Thai food here.  Don't wanna give it away but every dish you order will give you a twist in flavor!  The six of us did family style.  This way allowed us to try a little bit of everything.  We ordered a few appetizers and a few dishes from the "Eat Like a Bankokian" section of the menu.  Catchy name!   Appetizers: .+. Coconut Calamari Tempura - served with sweet chili dipping sauce. .+. Pan-Steamed Mussels With Thai Herbs - chopped lemongrass, shallots, basil, mixed herbs, lime juice and thai white wine. .+. Thai Mixed Chicken & Shrimp Dumplings - dumplings with vegetables and potatoes. served with house black bean mushroom dipping sauce. .+. Seseme Tofu - crispy seseme crusted tofu, served with crushed peanuts in a sweet chili dipping sauce. Main Course: .+. Pineapple Fried Rice - fried rice with hawaiian pineapples, onions, scallions, raisins, carrots and eggs, garnished with roasted cashew nuts. .+. Shrimp Pad Thai Noodles - stir-fried rice noodles with brown tofu, eggs, bean sprouts, scallions and crushed peanuts. .+. Beef in Red Curry - thai spices blended in chili paste with bamboo shoots, basil and bell peppers, simmered in coconut milk. .+. Lychee Siamese Duck - duck with lychee fruit, pineapples, cherry tomatoes and basil in red curry sauce. .+. Mango Lemongrass Chicken - grilled marinated lemongrass chicken breasts with mango sauce, served with steamed string beans. Drinks: .+. Coke .+. Thai Iced Tea .+. Pineapple Juice We did not get a chance to try the desserts (and I really wanted to try their Thai Pumpkin Flan TOO) because we had brought our own cake.  [Note:  Beware. They charge $1.50 each person for bringing cake from outside!] Despite the surprised cake fee charge, I am very glad that my boyfriend and his friends had a good time.  So did I!  I rarely eat in the West side of Manhattan and I may start to do so now!! PS:  This Thai restuarant is an ideal place for special occasions!  A little too loud but loved the nice decor and ambiance!   Tip:  Be careful. Don't lean on the chair or you'll fall back!!  The chair really tests your posture lol.
