Overall, the food here is pretty good, but the management and staff could use some work. The thanksgiving panini is a favorite of mine, as well the hummus platter and most of the wraps. The eggplant panini wasn't so good... the eggplant was somewhat tough and stringy... it didn't work well with the sandwich and all pulled out when you took a bite. I love the cupcakes here, especially the lemon cupcake, but the last three times I was here they were out of it. I also enjoy the frozen hot chocolate, but two times I was here they were out of the hot chocolate mix. And my most recent experience prompted me to write this review... they were out of the thankgiving panini. I understand running a small business is tough, but the amount of times they are out of things is simply unprofessional. Also the wait staff is HORRIBLE. Seriously horrendous. I've been going here for over 2 years and I have always felt awkward for them or been disappointed by them. And I'm really an understanding person when it comes to waiting on tables, because I know it is not easy. If you are going to stay and eat, they make you go sit at a table (even if you were just standing at the counter ready to order), hand you a menu, and make you wait to order. And you might wait a LONG time. I ordered a mocha the other day that arrived AFTER my food, and the place was almost empty. They are slow, have messed up orders, and simply don't know what it means to wait on a table. I would rather order at the counter and have them call me up, as they do at Panera. I have been a waitress, so I always tip, but this place makes me believe they don't deserve one, because it's as if they have not been trained at all. They feature local artist's art each month which is nice, and keeps in with the community. FInally, avoid open mic night at all costs. The space is so small, they have no need for an amp or speaker, yet the performer always has one turned up WAY too loud, so forget getting work done or having a conversation. Also, I don't think they pre-screen these "artists", because honestly the few times I've mistakenly walked in on a mic night, it was bad. Really bad. Anyway, if everything is in stock and you come here during a time they aren't packed/aren't having an open mic night,  you can expect to have a decent time. Just watch out for the slow service.
