If you're reading this review, this is a comparison (and the same review for Pat's Steaks, Ishkabibbles, Jim's Steaks, and Geno's).   I came to Philly with, what I believe are, pretty realistic expectations regarding cheesesteaks.  Yes, I knew coming into it that Genos and Pats were tourist traps and that their might be better cheesesteaks elsewhere throughout Philadelphia.  But at the end of the day, after trying four different places, a cheesesteak is a cheesesteak and it didn't really live up to the hype at all.  With that said, and amongst the 4 places, I would have to rank these in the following order: 1) Jim's Steaks (3 stars):  Best place to sit and eat. They had the largest dining area with an upstairs area.  It was not air conditioned though.  As for the cheesesteaks, it was the best in terms of flavor, service, bread consistency. Bread wasn't too chewy or hard.I had it prov/wit (provolone cheese and onions) and mushrooms.  Better service than Geno's and Pats. 2)  Ishkabibbles (solid 2.5 stars, maybe 3):  Very comparable to Jim's but there's absolutely no where to sit with the exception of 6 barstools.   The gremlin drink is overrated too...but I had to try it.  I had it wiz/wit (cheese wiz and onions) and mushrooms.  Better service than Geno's and Pats. 3)  Geno's (1.5 stars due to lack of smiles/service, but I'll round up to 2 for the hype and flourescent lights):  I like the bread but the meat was pretty flavorless.  Meat was in big slices and not chopped up.  I had it both with wiz/wit (cheese wiz and onions) and prov/wit (provolone chesse and onions).  This was, by the way, the first place I tried.  They have outdoor seating so if it's cold, it's not the best place to eat there.   4)  Pat's (solid 1.5 stars.  I won't round up to 2 since it's the least favorite of the four places):  The bread is softer and the meat definitely had more flavor than Geno's. The meat was chopped up.  BUT it was sooooo greasy that it gave me an upset stomach.  I had it with prov/wit (provolone cheese and onions).  They also have outdoor seating only.   All in all, and if I'm in Philly again, I'm going to try Tony Luke's, Campos, Dalessandro's, and maybe a street vendor next time.   BOTTOM LINE:  Skip the hype at Genos and Pats.  One of them may have started the cheesesteak craze, but the other establishments have made it better. It's time for Genos and Pats to catch up to the 21st century.  Word of advice to Genos and Pats:  SMILE and appreciate your customers!
