WOW. I came here on a Thursday night and was seated immediately in the window table in the back. I've been a few times prior but had never been specifically to try multiple courses of food at once, so I was pretty excited. I was super happy to see that the menu was 95% seafood with very few meat options, as I'm pescetarian and do not eat any farm animals. I ordered 3 menu items and a couple beers, and my first pick was one of the top 10 things that I have ever eaten, anywhere! It was a Halibut Crudo with Asparagus Ice, Yogurt and Smoked Almonds. It was UNBELIEVABLY good. Wow. I would EASILY go there any day of the week just to order this one item!! So incredibly good and such an exciting and unique combination of flavors, textures and temperatures. Well done guys. The second course was octopus, also phenomenal, easily a 7-8 out of 10, but nothing mind-blow in like the Halibut. The third course was the only disappointment and should be removed from the menu. It was a whole fried crab with a plate of fried veggies; which prepared any other way would have been good, but being fried it tasted like a plate full of cholesterol and salt. Way too much salt. We both wished we had not ordered this one. The service was great although we pretty much had to ask for second rounds of drinks and then again for thirds, they'd be smart to train their servers to watch people's drinks and prompt them for more, they're probably losing out on a lot of drink sales by not proactively serving the customer when the customers are ready. The location isn't the best (they'd be a whole lot better off with a nicer space in a better location that suits their incredible food) and the outside LED street lights that lit up our indoor window table as if we were sitting inside a K-Mart definitely killed any ambiance we had hoped for, but besides that these guys are amazing. Overall they are are killing it with unbelievably creative food and fantastic beers and drinks. Well worth a visit by anyone except vegans and vegetarians
