A friend had recommended Tia Pol and so I took their advice and had dinner here. I was a little skeptical at first, seeing as they don't accept reservations and not having a specific plan sometimes makes me anxious (I know, it's weird). I called ahead of time and they said it was only a 15-20 minute wait, so I'm there. Have a glass of wine at the bar (wine only bar) and wait for friends to arrive. Looking at the specials across the bar, I noticed that one was for Cod tongue. Cod tongue? Really? I thought that was a fish...? How could you eat a fish's tongue? In all honesty, I was thinking of a Goldfish sized fish and tongues, having no idea how big a Cod could be. The rest of the party arrives and we're seated at a high table just before entering the back. I didn't look around too much, but seems as though you could have a pretty decent party in the back (would they take party reservations?). Our waiter and waitress were great; often asking us for a refill on wine right after the other had just asked us. While at the bar previously, I had done a little reconnaissance and asked the bartender what their favorite tapas dishes were. They pointed me to a number of items and we later decided to go with the artichoke salad, crispy marinated fish, lamb skewers, tuna stuffed with marinated white anchovies and the Cod tongue special of the day. I feel like there might have been one more dish, but can't quite recall; maybe due to the wine. The artichoke salad was good, but I didn't find it amazing. Maybe I'm just not much a fan of artichoke, unless it's in a dip. The crispy marinated fish was excellent and easily one of my favorites. The lamb skewers were tender and the stuffed tuna was also tasty. The Cod tongue ended up being pretty good. It was fried and served on a spoon with some other accoutrements, of which I don't recall. And now I can say that I've eaten fish's tongue. Overall, Tia Pol was well received. The tapas were tasty, the menu different and the price wasn't unreasonably high. On a side note, Tia Pol is located right near the Highline's 20th St & 10th Ave entrance, which makes for a good stroll so as to shed some of the calories you just consumed.
