Yeah, so Village Whiskey has the best burger in town. The burger was effing perfectly medium rare, the most perfectly medium rare burger I've maybe ever had. The bacon was some of the best bacon I've ever had (perfect thickness and crispy-chewy ratio for a burger, plus a delightful, noticeable smoky flavor). The goat cheese was plentiful and fantastic (super flavorful without overpowering the beef or the bacon). The bun was perfect. The duck fat fries with the cheddar dipping sauce were absolutely, ludicrously, decadently delicious. The whiskey I had was pretty delightful, and it came from a barrel especially aged for the restaurant, which is neat, I suppose. So why no fifth star? You get what you pay for in a bad way. Yes, it's tough to conceive of getting a much better burger and fries, but I can't see myself paying much more for a burger and fries, either. If you want a whiskey, you have to step up to the mid-level (like $12-14 range) to get anything approaching not-total-ripoff value (so if you're just looking for a shot of Jack, wait til after dinner). The add-ons are a bit too expensive (adding bacon and cheese piles on a whopping $6), which really restricts one's desire to play around with the fun toppings they have. And while I walked out happy, it was definitely that edgy sort of happy you get after you paid a little more than you probably should have for something you still liked. The place itself is quite cool, but the booth/tables in the corners (where we sat) are close quarters in a really bizarre way. Once you're sitting, you realize that you have way more privacy than you expected (they managed to make every table a corner table in a really clever manner). However, getting in and out of the booths is pretty awkward, I saw one spill and two near-misses while people were getting in and out of the booths. That said, the service is rather good. Hands off but still attentive (and I saw the waiter replace the spilled whiskeys for free). Basically, this place is worth trying - once. It's such a production (on a typical Friday, the wait for a table for two is over two hours... though they do take your phone number and call you when it's ready, so you can go elsewhere for a bit), and the prices are as insane as the burgers are delicious. Despite all the frustrating drawbacks, I couldn't even consider giving this place anything less than four stars.
