Short and sweet - positives first: - Food was delicious.  I sampled the chix soup and the Bali style fried rice.  I think things are on the right track here.   - Servers were very friendly. - Beverages were made fairly well, and the house sodas are delicious. - Atmosphere is quite nice, but not A+ (see below). - I thought the prices were fair.  Granted this is not a 'cheap' menu.  But, I felt the prices were fair when you weigh in source/quality of ingredient, labor of cooking, etc.  Sambals aren't as easy to make as a vinaigrette or the like.  The soup had a healthy amount of chicken and mushrooms for it's obviously time-consuming delicious broth.  The portions were good all around - appropriate to the type of dining experience they're trying to illicit.  The people who've complained about price here clearly don't understand the costs of operating a restaurant.  If you want cheap food, eat cheap ingredients.   If you want delicious food that makes you feel good, eat quality.  It's simple.   criticisms: - those metal chairs need cushions.  i could not find a comfortable way to sit, and my ass was pretty sore by the end of my meal (and that's after packing on the winter-holiday weight!).  Simple problem to solve, i hope they read this. - there doesn't seem to be the proper communication between the kitchen and the FOH staff.  when I inquired with the server about several things on the menu she didn't have much information, if any at all.  Another simple solution - the people making the food need to explain it to the servers.  All of them.  Each time anything changes.  No one here should expect anyone that comes in to know anything about the food of Bali.  Be prepared. Give a shit. I will admit that at present I don't believe this place deserves a 4 star review. And, I'm not usually one to do this, but I believe in the potential here and given how new it is I felt a need to project 4 stars in hopes it will encourage them to push a little bit harder.  I'll certainly be back and I will update the review as necessary.  Others should go too. In summation, fix the awfully uncomfortable chairs, educate the staff with some menu details, and maybe keep tweaking the dishes a little (i.e. I kinda think that fried rice would be awesome if the shrimp chips did not come on the side, but were instead broken up and fried with the rice, eh?  etc.) Good luck SP!
