I would leave The City if this restaurant ever closed. One of my all time favorite places, I would come here alone, with a group or a date. I have never had a bad meal or have ever received bad service in the years I have been dining at Blue Ribbon, including their sister stores in Mid Town and Brooklyn. To fully enjoy what Blue Ribbon has to offer, you need a hungry belly and some deep pockets. In other words, don't just go there to say you have been there. Make it an advance plan. Prepare for it. Go with the right people and I do not recommend going with more than a total of 4 guests. (It is small and cozy, large parties ruin that). Start with a great bottle of wine, red or white. Oysters, Clams, Sautéed Calamari,  New Orleans Shrimp, Bone Marrow, and the list goes on and on. Follow this by a reasonable salad to share with the table. During this time, the tempting bread sitting on the table itself can become an appetizer if you allow it, highly recommended if you can afford those carbs. If you decide to order the Rack of Lamb for dinner, remember it takes some time to cook it right, which is exactly how they do things here. Be patient, and continue to enjoy your company, your delicious appetizers and your wine. Or you can go the Lobster route, the Fried Chicken, Duck Breast, Pigeon or Hanger Steak, too name a few. You can not go wrong with the selection, but I do recommend not coming here just for their wonderful burger. Save that for when you sit at the bar for a 'quick one'. Then it is time to pick a dessert for no reason and indulge yourself it its sweet haven of a plate. Share one or two of these, and make them count. You belly will find a way to make room the second you take that first bite. Trust me. I have done this over a hundred times, and every time is like my first experience there. When the bill arrives, simply place your card on top and give it right back to the server. Have someone else fill in the tip and total and throw the receipt out, never glancing at it. Exit the restaurant and enjoy the rest of your evening out in the great City of New York.
