My bf wanted to try blintzes--he's never had one, despite having lived in Greenpoint for 5 years--and I've never had Polish food before. Unless you count store-bought kielbasas and pierogies, that is. So I found this place--recommended by most Yelpers. I stopped by today and ordered, to go, a Polish platter ($8, not $5.50 as stated on the restaurant's desperately outdated website), a roast chicken entree ($5, not $3), and two orders of blintzes--Chef's (blueberry and ricotta or farmer's cheese, $5.50) and strawberry ($5). The Polish platter was pretty delicious. I liked the red cabbage slaw (not too sour; nice bright color), lettuce and tomato salad (again, not too sour), and the shredded carrot slaw. The "regular" cole slaw reminded me of KFC's cole slaw (shudder), only with less mayo, thank goodness. The kielbasa was only  half a link, cut lengthwise, but so smoky and still surprisingly crispy despite having been taken to go. The flavor was great. I liked the mashed potatoes, especially since it was chunky. I don't like mashed potatoes that are pureed; that texture brings back bad memories of baby food. The platter also came with a big roll of cabbage stuffed with minced meat and rice. Delicious and unexpectedly reminiscent of this napa cabbage and minced meat concoction that my Taiwanese mom came up with awhile back. Finally, the bigos (shredded cabbage and meat stew) was another savory rendition of cabbage and meat. So much cabbage, so little time. =) I was excited about the pierogies since I'd only had store-bought ones before. The fried doughy exterior reminded me of Chinese dumplings (you didn't see that one coming, did you?) and portended great things to come, but once I bit into it, I found the fillings to be less than exciting. We were given one of each of mushroom and sauerkraut, farmer's cheese, potato (supposedly with cheese also, but I couldn't tell). The mushroom-sauerkraut one was ok, but needed more flavor. I'm not a big fan of mushroom, so I was just glad that all the shrooms were minced. The potato one was dry--drier than the mashed potatoes. I had a hard time swallowing it without taking a drink, and I don't usually need to drink anything with my food. I can't comment on the cheese one because my bf ate it. =) My boyfriend had the roast chicken entree, which had pretty much all the same veggies as my plate, minus the stuffed cabbage and the stew. I tasted some of his chicken; it was as dry as it looked. Bleh. As to the blintzes that generated our desire for Polish food in the first place, I'm a little disappointed at how greasy and heavy they were and prefer French crepes over these blintzes (similar concept). Still, Lomzynianka gets good marks for the taste of their Chef's blintz (blueberry jam with real blueberries and farmer's cheese). The strawberry blintz was too "jammy" for me; there was no farmer's cheese in it to offset the cloying sweetness. I dipped my blintz into the dollop of sour cream on the side, but it didn't do much for me other than to make heavier an already heavy food. The textures and flavors are interesting, and I'd like to come back. We paid about $26 after tax, and ate half of everything. So at $7.50 or so per person, it's pretty doable.
