Barbuzzo does mediterranean food to perfection.  I went on a Friday night around 8 and it was totally packed.  Luckily I spotted seats at the bar and the host seated us there.  This place is pretty small and every table, including the sidewalk ones were full, so I would reccommend getting reservations if you don't want to sit at the bar. The bartender was quick to take our order and presented us with both regular menus and restaraunt week menus (I did not even know it was restaraunt week).  I decided to go for the RW tasing menu, which was 35$ for 3 courses of your choice plus an appetizer of 2 different crostinis (one with white beans, the other with radishes and butter).  My fried ordered the stuffed meatballs and we split everything. Teh first course I selected was the sheeps milk ricotta with fig.  The ricotta was out of this world - the creamiest ricotta I have ever had, but also with a nice lightness to it.  I could eat pints of it.  It was delishous pread onto the accompanying bread with a piece of fig on top.  The dish also had the perfect amount of coarse salt to balace the sweet of the roasted fig.  This is tied for my favorite plate of the night. Next we had the stuffed meatballs.  This to me was a classic red sauce dish.  The meat of the meatballs was very tasty and not mealy with too much filler.  Next I had the pan seared gnocci (with mushrooms and roasted corn).  The dish was very good and my favorite aspect was the sauce which definitely had some sort of cured meat to flavor it. Finally I had the salted caramel budino (also tied for favorite plate).  Salt and sweet together is one of my favorite tastes and this desert was perfect.  The caramel was rich and the perfect texture.  This dish as also the most generously sized - it was large and filling for a dessert. I took off a star for 2 reasons - one is that the menu doesn't really stray from sticktly mediterranean food.  This is excusable due to the quality of everything, but sometimes I like a little more creativity.  Secondly, the price.  Had it not been restaraunt week, to get the food that we had woudl have been astronomically expensive, even considering the quality of ingredients.  The plates are definitely small plates and you would need 2-3 to have a meal sized portion.   I think Modo Mio on Girard (admittedly the location could factor into the price difference) is a better bang for your buck as far as small plate medditeranean inspiring dining goes and they are also quite a bit more creative with theri flavor combinations.   Barbuzzo is definitely still worth a visit, but due to the lack of value and creativity it is not a place I could see myself visiting frequently.
