So I came today at around 4:15 pm and boy was I super disappointed with this place.  Long story short, I eagerly came in and left with frustration and my stomach turned upside down.  I was actually planning to come here for ages and it was much anticipated and I was also so excited to come here today and then... So when I came there was no wait and it was pretty empty since it was the middle of the day (there were like 6 tables maybe?).  The hostess sat my bf and I down and I asked if we can sit near the place with the long couches instead of in the middle where the tables are smaller and my bf and I wanted to sit next to each other.  However, she told me they were going through shift change so I understood and said ok and sat down where she told me to.  Then, a couple of minutes later (less than 5) she sat 2 guys down where my bf and I wanted to sit.  The terrible experience started from here.  We waited about 15 minutes and we still had no one to bring us water or take our order or anything.  We saw that the table that sat down after us in the seats that we wanted get their water and order their food before the waitress even came to our table.  LIKE HELLO WE WERE HERE FIRST... During the time, we tried to waive down 2 waiters and one did not respond and one said he will get the waitress responsible for our table and our waitress didn't come for another like 10 minutes.  Finally after a 20 minute wait we finally got to order and finally got some water after she left and put our order in.  It was quick for the food to come we just ordered thin fries with a truffle burger to share because I had a snack before coming since my bf gets off late.  I thought we were supposed to get dipping sauces with our fries, however when we asked the waiter for some sauce he only brought us some ketchup.  At this point I was beyond disappointed. Now for the taste of the food I give it probably a 3 (and its averaged from my bf giving the food a 3.5/5 and 4 max).  We both agreed that the truffle burger was good - very flavorful (but he had higher ratings, maybe because he was starving?)  I personally thought that the truffle sauce was a bit too greasy.  Though I did like the flavor, I was not fond of the grease and the meat itself was not really top quality (you can tell from the texture).  The thin fries were bland (maybe because I was upset about the sauce).  But, I did like the crunchy texture and thinness that it possessed. After the experience here I have to say, customer service is the most important part of any experience, whether it be dining or a stay at the hotel or a spa.  For me, I'm not sure if the customer service was what killed the taste of all the food for me and made me feel that the money spent was wasted because I just felt so sick while eating there and after I ate there I still felt an upset stomach and plenty of frustration.  Don't get me wrong, the staff weren't NOT friendly, but I don't think they are very helpful.  Maybe this establishment lacks efficient customer service?  But, for a brand that is so well developed and well-known I would expect a lot more.  Now would I recommend my friends to come here?  Probably a Maybe Go if they were dying to try it.  But, if they have never even heard of this place and asked me where to go for a good burger bite around the city?  This place would not be on my list.  Would I ever come back here?  Probably a maybe, but I highly doubt it.  There are plenty of other burger joint gems around so why would I choose to come to a place that leaves me feeling negative and the meal leaves my stomach feeling sick?
