THIS REVIEW IS PURELY FOR THEIR BEER MENU. Hello, friendly beer menu... you have listed your price by the bottle/4-pack/ or 6-pack, and also your price if I get beer at the bar. I'd like to thank you for your honesty... It's nice to know I am indeed saving money by buying the bottle to go, as opposed to being overcharged regardless of where I enjoy. I understand bar markup, and I thank you for not carrying it over to take-out. They have this fabulous option to mix your own six pack from their very long beer list (see below, because this list isn't on their website, but is available to take home(with pricing) from their location), and the mix is priced based on the regular Take Out price. Ex: Heineken 6-pack price is $12, one Heineken is $2 in a custom six pack. They'll quote you a 6 pack price based on your requests, and usually carry all of the following: (Thank you for being a fantastic, diverse selection a few blocks from home.) Allagash Amstel Light Anchor Steam Beer Arrogant Bastard Asahi Belgian White Blue Moon Brooklyn Lager Brooklyn Local Brooklyn Penant Ale Bud Light Bud Light Lime Budweiser Chimay Coors Light Corona Extra Corona Light Dead Guy Ale Dogfish Head 60min Dogfish Head 90 min Flying Fish Extra Pale Flying Fish Hopfish Franziskaner Weissbier Guinness Draught Guinness Extra Stout Heineken Heineken Light Hoegaarden Ithaca Apricot Wheat Karnival Koelsch Kenzinger La Fin du Monde Leffe Belgian Ale Leinekugel Sunset Wheat Long Trail Pale Ale Magic Hat #9 Magic Hat Circus Boy Michelob Ultra Midas Touch Mike's Hard Lemonade Miller High Life Miller Light Molson Canadian Molson Golden Moosehead Lager Newcastle Brown Ale Pacifico Clara Peroni Nastra Red Stripe Rolling Rock Samuel Adams Boston Samuel Adams Noble Sierra Nevada Smirnoff Blueberry Smirnoff Green Apple Smirnoff Ice Smithwick's St. Pauli Girl Stella Artois Stone IPA Stoudts Scarlet Lady Strong Bow Cider Victory Golden Monkey Victory HopDevil Victory Prima Walt Wit Woodchuck Cider Yards Brawler Yards IPA Yards Pale Ale Yuengling Black and Tan Yuengling Lager While I didn't include prices, the most expensive are either the highest %ABV, or most exotic. Just for your information, in take out, Arrogant Bastard runs the priciest at 7 dollars a bottle, then Chimay at $26/4. The cheapest sixpacks are Miller High Life ($8), Michelob and Yuengling ($8.50), and other typical american beers at $9/ six-pack.
