I'd asked my husband to plan something for us for Valentine's Day, so after doing some research and finding that Talula's Garden was recently voted "best cheese plate in Philly," he made us a reservation for the Sunday before V-Day. He then proceeded to keep our dinner location a secret from me literally until we walked through the door, so I didn't have a chance to do any research in advance. Since we were there because of its reputation for cheese, we did order a cheese plate. We went with the "American Cheese Champions," which is a selection of six award-winning cheeses. They were good, but I found the portions a little small (and let's not even get into the portions of the compote and stuff that were dabbed on the board). Honestly, I much preferred the cheese plate at Garces Trading Company. For our meals, I had the hangar steak, served with mushrooms, mashed potatoes, and kale, and a side order of beets with orange zest and ricotta cheese. My husband had roasted leg of lamb and a side of "roasted mushrooms galore." We both enjoyed our meals, but again, not my all-time favorite, and the portions again seemed small, especially for the price. Finally, for dessert, I had the "Petite Cookie Collection," which was a plate of four different mini cookies. And my husband had the raspberry and citrus mousse, which was amazing and very refreshing. The atmosphere of the restaurant was really neat - you enter via this little courtyard, which is filled with Christmas lights and I'm sure in warmer weather is a really nice place to enjoy your meal. Inside, the building is an old hotel or bank or something, with crazy high ceilings. The decor includes birdhouses, gourds, and farm stuff. We were seated in a banquette in the bar area, where there were four tables along the window. In the wall on either end of the bench, there was a huge metal vent that was part of the original ventilation system of the building. The decorative grates are beautiful, but according to the manager (who apologized to the women on either side of me, but not me, I guess I didn't look cold enough), they do get "drafty." She did keep turning up the temperature on the thermostat, but I was freezing. Overall, it really was a lovely dinner, and I love that my husband surprised me with something he knew I'd like. But would I go back? I'd rather go back to GTC first.
