Ok Queens Comfort, I have given you a chance and now it's time to pass judgement.  Being a long time resident in Astoria I was very excited about this place when it opened.  I'm from the midwest and have a certain appreciation for comfort foods and love brunch in particular, so this joint appealed to me on multiple levels.  And now that I have eaten here four times, I am left with nothing but disappointment.   First however, let me say that there are a few really good dishes on the menu.  The brunch burrito, fried spam and egg sandwich, and fried chicken and waffles are all excellent, as are the homemade donuts. So what's the problem?  Well for starters, good luck getting your hands on any of those donuts; the guys that make them are absent more often than not.  Second, the service is atrocious.  The wait for food is excessive, the orders get messed up with great frequency, and there is absolutely no attempt to go above and beyond for the customer.  Example: I attempted to ask my waitress for a different kind of sauce to dip my hush puppies, as the buttermilk ranch was not to my liking.  I got the question half-way out and she said "No!"  However, I persisted asking my question and once she heard it she was taken aback a bit, trying to think of a good reason to stick with her original "No".  Coming up with nothing she reluctantly agreed to fetch me some gravy that they had on hand.  This in itself is not such a big deal, but it does elucidate the general attitude of QC towards its patrons. Other issues... a bit over-priced.  It's not down right expensive, but again, it's the little things.  No refills on coffee.  And the juice is downright absurd.  It's $2.50 for a small glass of OJ, or $7.00 for a carafe.  So my girlfriend and I ordered a carafe only to find out that a carafe is exactly two glasses worth.  You do the math...it doesn't add up!  Lastly, although there are a few nice dishes, many of them are just inexcusable.  My first visit I tried the biscuits and gravy, it was bad enough to be sent back.  The "disco fries" are on par with fast-food.  The homemade lemonade left much to be desired, in particular a bit of sugar.  I mean surely they know that lemonade is lemon juice, water, AND sugar, right!?  Well apparently not, it's just lemon juice mixed with water here.   I could go on but I think you get the picture.  I'm giving this place two stars instead of one, mostly because I want so badly for it to be good, unfortunately it just isn't.  Instead, it misses on too many levels. For a decent brunch in the neighborhood try Stove, Sweet Afton, Sparrow, or Locale.
