PERFECT! PERFECT! PERFECT! Place - Has that airy feeling and laid back. Perfect for families or date nights. Staff and Service- I must say the staff  is very nice,  pleasant and accommodating. The service we experienced was excellent. I couldn't be more pleased with the service. Whenever we ran out of water, someone was always there to refill our glasses. I'm the type of customer who likes to ask a bunch of questions about the food/drink before ordering and they were very patient with me. Our food came out on time. Thank you Victor, Almira, Juned and Freddy! Food and Beverage - My husband and I  have passed by this place a few times while running errands and they were always packed. But last weekend we finally decided to give it a go. We were there from brunch till dinner time. I had a few glasses of delicious and fruity red wine and hubby had a few bottles of San Miguel beer. His beer was full bodied but not too heavy with a malty caramel flavor --Yum! For starters we got the Ensalada Grande. The serving was generous. Perfect for two people. The dressing wasn't overpowering but complimented the vegetables well. They gave us a complimentary appetizer to start - roasted garlic and chips which  was also delicious. We also took advantage of their $1.00 oyster special. They have a long list of oysters available! The oysters came with 2 different sauces but I like to eat mine with a simple vinegar with garlic so they gave me a small saucer plate of it. Their oysters were fresh and  moderately sweet which I loved! We also got the Paletitas De Pollo which came with blue cheese and creamed potatoes. Now, to me when someone says chicken wings, I would normally expect a typical looking bunch of chicken wings. Paletitas De Pollo looked like lollipops. But don't let it fool you because to my surprise, it was meaty and tasty! It was so good I didn't even ask for hot sauce. It went well with the creamed potatoes. While we were waiting for our  main course, they gave us another complimentary appetizer :) One for me and one for my husband. My husband is a vegetarian and they didn't have a lot of vegetarian options. Hubby asked if they could make him some vegetarian tacos and he enjoyed them!  He found them very fresh and tasty. As for me, I ordered the Panza De Puerco. OH. MY. GUH.... It was sooooo good! Crispy on the outside and "melts in your mouth" on the inside. It was 'that' good. I had it with a side order of rice. We also got  a side order of roasted potatoes and wild mushrooms. For dessert, we ordered their chocolate souffle. Unfortunately, it was really dry and didn't have a lot of taste. But you know what made up for it? They knew we didn't enjoy it and they didn't let us pay for it. We said we'd pay for it but they still took it off the bill. That was nice. We really appreciated it! So would I recommend the place? Yes. Will we come back here again? DEFINITELY.
