Normally, I don't like Mediterranean/Middle Eastern Food. However, I have been to ilili (it's so fun to spell!) twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Lunch was about two years ago, so I don't really recall what I ate...but, I know it was exotic and interesting, but nonetheless good! This past time that I went, we were brought to the upstairs dining area - which is a lot more intimate and quieter compared to the cocktail mixer style of the downstairs dining area. So, if you're on a dinner date...take an upstairs table. But, if you're single and ready to mingle, the downstairs area is highly recommended! Our waitress was extremely helpful and recommended that we get a few appetizer dishes and share rather than getting an entire entrée for each of us (which is big enough to feed 2). Typically, service people would push the more expensive dishes to get more tip. "What is your most popular item on the menu?" "Oh, this one is really popular!" - which is obviously the most expensive one as well... But, not here! Our waitress recommended the shawarma, hommous/hummus, octopus, and eggplant - which were all decently priced in the middle compared to the other dishes. The duck shawarma (2 wraps) was heavenly, savory, delicious, and just perfect!!! I would go back just for the shawarma. The hommous was also one of the freshest and best tasting hommous that I have ever had. I've tried a few in farmer's markets, Whole Foods, restaurants, and supermarkets... and I never found the appeal of hommous, but I decided to give it a try at ilili since it was a popular dish... and oh boy it was magnificent! It went really well with the pita bread. Octopus - I remember this dish being pretty good, but not entirely memorable, and probably a bit too salty for my taste. I would probably order 2 orders of duck shawarma in the future, and not the octopus again. I hate eggplant, but my friend wanted to try it... and I'm always open to trying new dishes even if it is of something I don't like. But this dish was delicious! It didn't even really have that typical eggplant taste, but it was cooked divinely that it tasted a bit like meat! ILILI! :) I love it! It is a bit pricy - but hey, the food is great and the whole ambiance is great!
