I'm willing to eat goopy, overdone, over-sauced, over-priced food every now and again if the restaurant is elegant enough, and the service white-glove impeccable enough, to make me feel, for the evening, like I live in a higher tax bracket. I'm also willing, sometimes, to not really love something I'm eating if I feel like the chef is making an interesting statement about the potential of an ingredient (like so many of the new jam jars and pork jowels chef-centric places that have sprung up around New York in the past few years). Marc Forgione misses by providing an experience that seems to nod to barnyard chic, downtown hip and old-school fine dining without really understanding what is special about any of them. Being the unrepentant Food Network super fans that we are, K and I were dedicated viewers of the last season of the "Next Iron Chef". As soon as the winner was announced, we both had the idea to book her birthday dinner at Marc Forgione. With his risky-fun, clever, exuberant approach, he had been our favorite contestant, and we were excited to try his cooking. I am extremely sorry to report that I've never been so disappointed with a meal. Both of us having been on a bit of a holiday meat binge the last few weeks, we opted for seafood, starting with the oysters, which were served grilled with melted cheese and bacon - "A riff on a Rockafeller" as our waited said. K's first reaction was that they looked like potato skins, and she was exactly right, but the flavor profile, to me, was something weirder, lurking in a more primal, regretful, corner of my sense memory. It took me three of them to find it, but then it came clear to me - the combination of jack cheese, powdery smokiness, salt, and lime - Cool Ranch Doritos. Ick. For our main course, we shared the baby halibut for two, which was drenched in a brown-butter sauce so thick and heavy that no flavor of fish could possibly escape. We found ourselves longing for the subtle, light flavors of the prime rib and Yorkshire pudding we had had for Christmas dinner. All of this might have been somewhat forgivable if the service had been a bit less muddled and more sincere, the vibe in the dining room a bit less gothic adolescent (wrought iron candelabras and Led Zepplin on the stereo), and, especially, if it had been a lot less expensive. Our perfectly serviceable, but unexceptional, bottle of red Zinfandel, was highway robbery at $66, and the evening - two cocktails, one shared starter, one large shared entree, wine, no dessert, clocked in at $200. We've eaten so much better for so much less. I'm a real fan of ballsy, big-flavored cooking - I'll tuck into all things barbecue and barnyard with gusto - but Forgione's food is big-flavored in the worst possible way. Ingredients are muddled and lost in heavy, thick dishes that fill your belly (and empty your wallet) without satisfying. Reconsider.
