We ended up at Rex 1516 Sunday night, almost on a whim.  Considering the almost 80 restaurants I have had bookmarked for months, to end up at a place that's only been open a week and a half seemed spontaneous and a bit impulsive, but I'm happy to say it paid off. When we arrived, the place was completely empty, so we sat at the bar for a drink before dinner.  I had an opportunity to take a few pictures ... I love the decor and atmosphere.  There are about 10-12 seats at the bar, a vintage sofa with a cocktail table directly below the flat-screen, a 6-top in a corner next to a gorgeous vintage mirror, and 10 2-tops that can be easily reconfigured for 4 or more.  We ordered our drinks and I got to watch the manager teach the bartender how to make a Sazerac (delish!)  We talked to the manager and bartender as well as several other staff members.  They are still working out a few tiny kinks, but they sure are trying hard.  Had a great time at the bar and met another couple who recommended the burger for dinner.  (and D'OH!  now I know who this lovely couple was ... none other than Jill Weber and Evan Malone.  How cool of them to keep such a low profile.  But I still feel sheepish for not recognizing them.) Headed off to our table and read over the menu, but I could not get that burger off my mind.  Our server described the "house grind" (which includes pork belly) as "transcendental".  Not one to pass on an otherworldly experience, I barely glanced at the rest of the menu.  My date ordered the salmon, and we also ordered the fig bruschetta for an app.   The fig bruschetta was excellent, super crispy baguette toasts with goat cheese, onions and fig.  yelp.com/biz_photos/oGMw…  Very well balanced and nicely priced.  The taste of salmon I stole was exceptional. yelp.com/biz_photos/oGMw…  Very tender and flavorful, nice portion size.  He thought it was not quite as "buttery" as  some.   The burger came out a perfect medium-rare, and loaded up with thick crispy bacon and bleu cheese. yelp.com/biz_photos/oGMw….  I had subbed the side salad with fries.  The fries were ever-so-slightly underdone, but tasty non-the-less.  The burger really was exceptional and I highly recommend it.  It's unlike any burger in the city.  Is it the best?  Not sure about that, but likely the most unique meat burger I have had in years.  Not to be missed, for sure.   We shared a honey brioche bread pudding for dessert which was sinfully good.  Also highly recommended.   They have several wine choices and cocktails, along with an impressive bottled beer selection.  Service is stellar ... exceptionally friendly and attentive.  Water glasses are filled regularly and when I left the table for a trip to the ladies room, I returned to the table to find my napkin perfectly rolled at my place setting.  Nice touch for a pretty casual place, and much appreciated.   If the hard work and enthusiasm we experienced last night is any indication of where this place is headed, Rex 1516 will be huge.  Get in there before everyone knows about it.  I really love this place and will be back soon.
