Look. If you want "world's greatest" sushi, this place probably isn't it. Its not for the purist. Or for those that grew up in Japan. You might just have to suck it up and schlep to NY when you want your special sushi. For the rest of us, there is Wasabi. My girlfriend and I love sushi. We have had it in many places: Quebec, Montreal, Boston, LA, Atlanta, even Beirut (which has surprisingly good sushi for those who scoff). Wasabi is literally, literally our favorite sushi restaurant out of every place we have ever been. Granted, we can't afford Nobu or any other super-fancy place. But I'm talking for your weekly or monthly sushi craving, this place is the best we have ever found. The sushi chef seems to love to experiment, particularly with fruit and his flavor combinations are awesome. The specialty rolls like the Out of Control, Double Tuna, Dragon, 4ever love (great except for the name) and Summer Kisses are amazing. Not just good, but some of the most memorable rolls I have had. Once they even had a tuna-strawberry special concoction that was quite yummy. Wasabi does the every-day rolls well too. Their Alaska roll, spicy tuna roll or sweet potato roll are all great. It is because they have moisture down. The rolls are not dry, not wet, but perfectly moist, making it easy to savor all the flavors. And the every-day rolls are cheap. My girlfriend and I often get a few of these and one or two special ones so we aren't breaking the bank. And we have never left disappointed. The staff is also very nice, if bordering on over-attentive. We've been coming here a lot. They remember us every time. Even when they didn't they were quick with the orders. We've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes to get our sushi. And as an added bonus, the sushi is always presented really well, sometimes with orange peels carved into various shapes. There are negatives, but to me they are minor. I've heard the rest of the Japanese food is decent but not wonderful, but that's only here-say because I'm always eating the sushi. Same goes for the dessert (really? A Japanese restaurant with tiramisu?). Also the atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired. But if you go to restaurants because you want really good food with excellent service, you won't be disappointed.
