If I were to look up "Fresh" in the restaurant dictionary (provided one exists), I wouldn't be surprised to find Market Table listed. Situated in the West Village, this quaint European market-inspired cafe is a break away from the hustle and bustle of NYC. I had to plan a corporate lunch with a group of 15 (super hard to find one for lunch in this area) and they were very accommodating and friendly. For appetizers, we sampled a variety of dishes but the highlights were the beet salad and the marinated heirloom tomatoes. The beet salad was amazing. The beets were fresh, naturally sweet and the sauce was light and subtle to let the beets shine. The marinated heirloom tomatoes were the crowd favorite, especially when 'tis the season.  It's a basic dish but executed well; simple and clean.  The balsamic dressing enhances the heirloom tomatoes so well.  The tomatoes exploded with flavors of sweetness while the balsamic vinegar added the acidity in the dish. A-mazing. Among our group, I saw orders ranging from burgers, crispy flounder sandwich, poached chicken, and steak.  All were big portions and bonus points on presentation. I got the roasted vegetable falafel because I was curious how that'd taste and look (since they're usually fried).   I was happily surprised of the dish. It was roasted well and rather than a "ball shaped" falafel, it was shaped almost like a vegetable patty.  I guess it's a "deconstructed" falafel.  The vegetables used for the mixture were good ingredients for roasting as the pieces held together in the patty and was not dry or soggy.   I added in an extra side of the roasted cauliflower, which comes with golden raisins, pine nuts, and an acidic dressing.  Pine nuts were roasted and crunchy.  The golden raisins were plump and sweet! The cauliflowers were roasted nicely but they were cut up into small pieces (I prefer mine whole).  A small criticism for a good dish. Desserts are also good!  I tried their creme fraiche panna cotta, which comes with port wine macerated strawberries and pine nuts. Here we go again with the pine nuts. Not that I'm complaining, I love it. Here's a good way to utilize basic ingredients that works well with many dishes.  The panna cotta is more like a gelatin. Soft and "whip-like", it's as you're eating mousse, topped with sweet strawberries and roasted pine nuts. Indulgence. Props to the decor; it really feels like you're sitting in a marketplace cafe, slowly enjoying your food. An open kitchen is a nice addition too. Service is a bit slower and food does take a while but it's nice to sit back, relax, and enjoy a slower pace once in a while, especially in NYC.
