If you dont want to pay for a pricey but small servings of food, bad service and "pretending to be filipino" asian restaurant, do not go here! I really don't get it why people raved about this place. I am a Filipino, so i thought of going to a place listed under filipino restaurants in yelp! They have good reviews especially for the sisig. So i thought it is worth a try. Well, let me go to the service first. It sucks! I came there tired because the place is not "very obvious" from outside and i had to walk back Clinton st after i called them. When I got inside at 6:20, i said i'm early for a 7pm appointment with 3 more people and i'll just get a drink. The waiter, gave me a menu and seated me in a table for two and said, "just stay here but since you don't have a reservation, you might need to move when customers come in who have their reservations!" And i said sarcastically, "i'll just have my drink in the waiting area then!" So i went there. He noticed how disappointed I was, and asked me to move back to the table! Crazy huh?! Verrrrry bad service! My fault was, i should have left At that moment! Now comes the food! What's the rave with the sisig?! It's not even close to authentic Filipino sisig! Except for it is served the same way (in a sizzling plate) with egg! And for $15 bucks? It is OVERPRICED! The crispy pata is also pricey for 25! It says big plate, but it was served in a small plate! Plus the taste is not "filipino!" Somebody has to tell them that CRIspy pata is not at all SWEET! It is salty! But theirs is very sweet, like i'm eating a Chinese fried pork! There were four of us and we have not finished those I ordered! I feel bad that we had to go our way for a crappy, pricey food and rude servers! Also, another thing about the service! Servers kept on coming to our table to ask if we are done even if they see that there are still a lot in our table! Obviously they wanted us to go to accommodate other customers in the verrry small place! I ordered halo halo and they went several times to get it even if i'm not done! Until i just said, go get it! Somebody has to tell the servers that the ice shaved as it melted with the ice cream is the one that we pay for! And not only the toppings! My glass was still full and just because they can hardly see a topping on it, does not mean i'm done!! All in all, twas a bad experience! Got ripped off! Twas a very bad dining night!
