THE RUDE UNPROFESSIONAL MANAGER We were so excited to try this restaurant and unfortunately had such an AWFUL EXPERIENCE at the end of the evening that we will NEVER RETURN.   We booked a 7:15 PM reservation for 5 adults.  Three of us arrived on time.  My son and I went into the restaurant while my husband looked for parking (not easy to find) and ordered a cocktail.  The bartender was delightful!   The manager came over to us so I explained that my husband was searching for parking and our daughter and son in law were delayed by the traffic and rain from Tribeca but would be there within 10 minutes.  The manager said, "Fine, but we'll need your table before 9:30 PM because we have another reservation coming in".  Of course we understood and promised we would not "linger" and delay dinner for the next party.   We were all there and seated by 7:30 PM (15 minutes past our reservation time).  This was a special family dinner for us since we had not all been together in about 3 months.   We enjoyed trying all the different dishes .  Although not authentic (I'm Indonesian and I come from a long line of Indonesian chefs)  we certainly had fun and thought that the dishes were well presented and tasty.  The cuisine is more a "fusion" of Vietnamese/Indonesian but even so, the dishes were executed well.  Our server was just as delightful as the bartender.   The only person that would glare at us from time to time was the manager.   Well before 9:30 PM, we settled the check.  It was $350 before the gratuity.  We paid in cash.  Within a minute, the RUDE LITTLE MALE MANAGER came over and said, "the restaurant does not accept HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS."  We were confused as there were NO SIGNS anywhere (not even printed on the menu) that hundred dollar bills/cash was not accepted within the restaurant.  We were all stunned...REALLY? Whoever heard of a restaurant in Brooklyn or NYC that doesn't accept cash?  We yanked out the AMEX card and paid our bill.   Our son who is in the hospitality industry decided to speak quietly to the manager at the back of the restaurant about the "no cash" policy.  It was quite obvious from the manager's  nasty attitude, that he had decided (in his feeble little brain) that we must have printed the bills up in the car before walking into "HIS" restaurant.  He got quite belligerent and dismissive with our son.   I have to admit, at that point I became quite irritated with his hideous attitude. I told him we did not appreciate his rudeness and he should not be treating customers in that way.  His response, "GET OUT OF MY RESTAURANT"!  As he was closing  the door behind me I proceeded to call him every name that fit! Sadly,  I'm sure this is not the first time this ridiculously, unprofessional, service person has behaved badly toward this restaurant's clientele.   The question is, WHY DOES THE CHEF HAVE THIS NASTY GUY AS HIS FRONT PERSON?   Is business so robust and brisk that he does not care about customers?   PLUS, if you have a policy of "NO CASH", POST IT!!!!!!   So, is Selamat Pagi worth the trip?  NO. We will certainly NEVER RECOMMEND it!
