Old School charm never gets old When you walk into Carmines you walk into a cherished Broadway institution that oozes with classic, old school Italian New York charm that feels larger than life which is a hard feat to pull enough in the heart of the dream making theatre district. The place always has the touristy element that can't get enough of the monster size portions that don't lose any points in the flavor department despite the mammoth, mouth watering portions that could keep the ghost of Chris Farley busy for weeks. Despite the herd of Tourists that plop down at the family size tables wolfing down family size meals designed more for middle Americans not used to moving around afterwards, the restaurants remains a magnet for old school Midtown businessman and a new legion of loyal fans that find the fresh basil soaked marina sauce and Frank Sinatra tunes humming in the background to be the best lunch time companions you can ask for as you sit at the Olympic pool size bar catching glances of the frenetic, New York city walking machine outside. But enough talk about décor, the sandwiches they offer for lunch are the real star attraction in my eyes and also the best deal you can get for twenty dollars or less in Midtown Manhattan which is not known for offering accessible, time transporting, dining experience for such small price tags. The Meatball Hero  is upper tier, right up there with the Meatball Shop on Stanton Street, its also much plumper yet just as moist which is a result of them using ground veal and meat, fresh garlic, parsley and basil in order to create such a heavenly ball of perfection. What makes this meal even sweeter is the side of Caesar Salad that comes with it. I've seen some older gentlemen at the bar just order a mound of Cesar Salad by itself, its never soggy, the lettuce is always crisp and never too salty from the parmesan. Plus, the croutons are a prime cut above the rest because their three times the size, never stale and always crisped, to a toasty brown perfection. As  I said before, the marinara is top notch, and treated with extreme care while the perfectly crusted, perfectly toasted Italian Loaf  holds this massive meatball maestro of a sandwich together beautifully without half the sauce and half the meat spurting out of it, on to your only nice dress suit or all over your cherished side of Cesar Salad. My last recommendation is the Veal Parmesan Hero that has Prosciutto and fried eggplant on top it, which is a holy trinity of my cherished Italian items, wrapped up into one, with the basil soaked marina and perfectly distributed cheesy mozzarella that envelopinh the top of this multifaceted beauty. Lunch options in midtown are bleak. Carmines always delivers the goods, combining, classic, perfected Italian dishes with a dash of old world Broadway charm that never gets old. Come sit up at the bar, get swept up by Billy Holiday wailing in the background as you get transported back into the age of Frank, Neil Simon and dine in the same space that continues to breath renewed life into the Broadway of yesteryear.
