If you are 25-35 in need of a cozy, classic pub-y with a twist of fancy kind of place to eat and drink: this is it. A great not-too-fancy date spot.  Dress to impress because everyone (including the British owner and our Pocohontas-y waitress) is good looking. The vibe: bustling, dimly lit, Friday-night energy.  Sure, you sit a little close to the people dining next to you- but that's because it's busy and also New York. (if you're lucky- you get to sit on the benches by the windows: very cute. The drinks: Lots of cool cocktails.  I had the Tequila Revolver which involves jalapeno tequila, champagne, and lime.  It was a well-made, but a little sweet for me as I have been on a sort of non-drinking/only drinking whiskey on the rocks kick.  I switched to the Malbec after and it was really nice: spicy and thick.  My BF got the whiskey, nutmeg, cider-y drink and it was very fall-like. Again, a little sweet for my liking, but nicely done. The food: YUM. first off, the prices are really reasonable for the portions.  We got the home-made "brats in a blanket" which were flavorful with a flaky buttery crust and a curried ketchup.  We split the Blakended Pan Roasted Chicken (per the Yelp suggestions) and it was really juicy.  Confusing though, as it came out looking flat- like a rack of ribs over mashed potatoes.  There were bacon-d brussel sprouts in the mashed potatoes but not enough, in my opinion. They were really tasty but sort of masked under the potatoes.  I think this dish would be better if the components were seperated.  Plating aside, the flavor of the chicken was juicy and full: my BF and I couldn't even finish it was so big.  Oh yeah, and we did get the rosemary fries...a whole bucket full. And we ate like, all of them.  They were really addicting.  The rosemary added that extra "je ne sais quoi crack" that made us gobble them up. The owner brought out a little treat from the kitchen for us: little salted caramel ice cream cones! Sadly, I couldn't eat them, as I am lactose intolerant- however the thought was sweet and my BF ate 3 out of the 4, despite being like "OMG I AM SO FULL AH" so I guess they are really yummy! Anyway. Overall, this was a really fun pub-y kind of place that you can go as a 25 year old for a date, a cocktail, or a few beers with the crew and not feel "too old" or "too young" It's about time a place like this opened up for us millenials! Perfect for the cold. :)
