This small (and loud!) Mexican restaurant is a real East Rock treasure. I've heard lots of negatives, mostly from people who come here and order burritos/nachos/etc. They are missing out--and spending too much money--considering that you can have truly authentic Mexican dishes like pollo con pipian (a leg of chicken slow-cooked with pumpkin seed sauce) and some of the best mole in the region. The chicken dishes are all top-notch: they are primarily a leg of chicken, slow-cooked, with varieties of sauce. Most come with beans and rice. The sauces range from a really beautiful and fragrant light tomatillo sauce to a luxuriously deep and rich mole. I will repeat: You are wasting time and money if you come here and order a burrito. CO Jones has great burritos at half the cost a block away. Here, you have a large selection of unique, INEXPENSIVE, and authentic Mexican dishes, why waste 9 dollars on a burrito? I don't recommend Mezcal for vegetarians. While there are good options, they simply aren't as good as the food for carnivores. I don't eat much sea food and am allergic to shellfish, so I mostly order from the chicken/steak/pork menus. The carnitas are wonderful--slow-roasted pork which is moist and tender--and the steak dishes are all worth trying. The average entree is about 14.99. Served with home-made tortilla chips, salsa, rice, beans, often guacamole, appetizers are not necessary. I usually eat half of my entree and save the rest for lunch. The steak campirano comes with a cactus, making for a really interesting presentation and taste. The service is VERY friendly, and rarely slow, despite the over-full dining room on Friday and Saturday. Make a reservation if you are coming either day. The margarita traditional is delicious if a bit expensive: but it is made with fresh-squeezed lime juice, and well-worth the price. The margarita made with mix is cheaper and not as delicious. I would pony up the extra money for the real thing. Besides, at eight dollars, it is cheaper than many margaritas down town, and made with much better ingredients. Don't order too many: The owner usually goes from table to table starting around 8 with a bottle of good mezcal and shot glasses. To reiterate, the burritos and other dishes that are often associated with Mexican cuisine at Tex-Mex/California style restaurants are not the reason to come here. The chef was trained and born in Mexico, not on Mission street, and the food reflect that. I can't really count that as a negative--the only actual negative about the restaurant is the volume. It is a very small space, and voices have a tendency to reverberate and become a noisy din. However, if you can overlook that one small flaw (and for heaven's sake order an authentic Mexican dish that you haven't seen elsewhere), you will have an extraordinary experience.
