Again ... ratings all over the map.  I'll tell you what my first experience here was really very good, but I do have some suggestions. I stopped in after an early afternoon eye exam for something quick to eat, ordered a Maddy's Burrito (the chorizo one, not the classic one).  I ordered it to-go and it came out in about 10 minutes.  By the time I got it home (less than 5 mins, I only live around the corner), it was still piping hot ... EXCELLENT!  The chorizo was really good and as I ate through the burrito, different flavors started to emerge, which by the way is one of the fun things about eating a burrito in the first place.  Imagine mixing all that burrito stuff together and then stuffing it into the tortilla ... BORING!  This one - not so.  First bite was chorizo and cheese and then as I made my way through, seasoned rice, quac, cilantro, and then back to the chorizo and cheese for the finish.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and would definitely order it again!  The Burrito came with chips, salsa, and sour cream. Okay, now for some suggestions... To-Go menus - Keep them in supply and make sure everyone leaves with one even if they're eating in.  For crying out loud!, I didn't know you delivered until I saw it on the menu, and quite frankly I'm a little sick of Chinese (Asian) and Pizza.  I'm excited about having a Mexican place in town, and selling the restaurant will make sure it's around for a long time. Pizza - I have  to admit, the first thought that ran through my mind was "uh, seriously?"  But I think they've actually hit on something, although not quite.  First, forget about trying to do Italian.  If you want some regular pizza on the menu to accommodate some finicky brats or a PIA senior citizen that's fine, but it shoudn't be the focus.  Instead, pizza with a Mexican slant is a really REALLY intriguing idea.  I mean, who else is doing this? .... NO ONE!!  So get into the kitchen and work out some really fab Mexican pizza combos, and I'll bet there will be a line out the door and the phone will be ringing off the hook. Lastly - This might be nit-picky, but if a menu item says "Maddy's", then it should  taste like it was made in a Mexican kitchen.  For example: "Maddy's Farmer's Pizza" ... I'm expecting spicy, cilantro, cumin, mole, or some other awesome Mexican flavor.  If I get a Pizza that I could have ordered at Avellino's, then why bother? ... right??  I didn't actually try it, but fair warning, okay? Other than those few things I'd say they're on the right track.  I'm going to visit again and try some of the other dishes.  I can't tell you why there are so many differing opinions on this place.  Perhaps it's as someone said ... growing pains.  But I tend to think that if they stay focused on being a Mexican restaurant and making sure that the quality of their food is high and consistent, they'll do well in Hiawatha.  If they do, then they're doing the right thing and keeping their customers happy (especially me).
