This sleepy and cozy diner is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, which benefits from the same comfort and charm that the owners brought when they opened Atlas next door. It seems obvious to me that the owners of this local business put a lot of heart, sweat, and tears into Queens and Paupers. However, it still lacks of a certain "it" factor, although in the short amount of time it has been open it's really been starting to polish up. It's got soul, and I hope it will live up to its potential. Decor/Ambiance-- The wallpaper, lighting, and wooden booths really work well together. And while the intimate space is a bit cramped, I think it lends to the charm of the place. However, a few details do prevent Q&P from reaching its full potential--tabletops don't seem to really fit the rest of the decor, and the front door was installed backwards, making for awkward (but sometimes entertaining) entrances and exits from first-time customers. Service-- The staff and owners are very friendly and they have the energy to match, which really adds points to Q&P and to Atlas next door. The service was attentive and friendly. Our waitress made small talk with us, asking us if we were from the neighborhood as well as checking up on us frequently. Food-- My girlfriend ordered the turkey burger, which had a thick and lightly seasoned patty served between rich brioche buns. The salad it came with was pleasant, although it ran a bit heavy on dressing. Nothing to complain for shy of $10, though. I ordered the cannelini & English sausage casserole, which ended up being more of a soup...wit no cannelini. It was still good, but not worth the $13. When I mentioned that the item was different from described in the menu (after I ate it, because it was still pretty good), the waitress was promptly apologetic and let the chef know. Other-- As stated previously, the little details keep this place from being all it can be. The place was a bit chilly and the ventilation in the kitchen seemed under-powered, leaving patrons smelling slightly of kitchen oil.
