03/10/11 Unfortunately, I never had the opportunity to dine at the original Brooklyn Star before it burnt down.  But when the grand re-opening of its new location on Lorimer Street was stirring up some internet buzz, I couldn't wait to taste chef Joaquin Baca's take on southern comfort food in the 'Burg. Pros: - The ambiance and overall feel of the place is inviting, non-clustered, and very clean.  I would describe the decor as Brooklyn-meets-Georgia. - Southern hospitality was present here.  Staff members were attentive, friendly, and embracing. - The sweet aroma of freshly baked cornbread that traveled through the dining room area was pleasant. - Grilled Quail with quail egg, frisee salad, and roasted fennel was grand.  The combinations of flavors all mixed well and contrasted each one perfectly. Cons: - The Spicy Fried Chicken Wings tasted good, but were ultra soggy.  I believe Hooters produce better wings. - The expeditor could have thought of spacing out our food.  My friend and I ordered a bunch of apps. and they all came at once which made each dish almost impossible to enjoy and/or savor. - Please change the Roasted Veal Marrow Bones to beef marrow bones because it was truly disappointing to expect marrow and not get it with these tiny bones we got served. - You get only three thin slices of overcooked Veal Sweetbreads accompanied with a nicely aromatic broth and kale.  Back to the three thin slices and overcooked part. As you might already know, the biggest part of the restaurant is its food.  Sure, service plays a big role, but it's the food people want to come back for.  The new Brooklyn Star's service hit the bullseye in many ways, but the food aspect needs to be considerably worked on.  I recognize this was it's first day of being re-opened, but, in my opinion, I don't think some of these dishes were acceptable to start with.  Unfortunately, I never had the opportunity to dine at the original Brooklyn Star to give both old and new restaurants a better comparison.  But I'm fortunate enough to admit that I see potential in chef Joaquin Baca's take on southern comfort food in the "Burg. Will Chu "Real Food, Real Wine in The Real World"
