I wish I could give this place five stars because I wanted to love my food so much! I found this restaurant by accident out of food boredom considering I typically order food through Seamless. I searched around on Yelp for options and I found this place! It was somewhat late so I called first to make they deliver in my area and they do! SCORE! I breezed through the menu and noticed that they serve mofongo so I ordered it...chicken to be exact. With a side order of the moro del dia. I noticed time was slowly going by and considering that hadn't eaten dinner and called my order in at 9:58p my food should be on it's way any minute now. NOPE...I was wrong! It's now a little past 10:30pm so I called the restaurant and they guy told me the delivery man should be ringing my bell at any minute now. He was delayed due to the rain. Okay. No problem. Understandable! Roughly :30 minutes roll by and still...NO FOOD!!! So I call again afraid that the restaurant has now closed and my order may or may not be delivered. They check again for the delivery guy and assures me that he is near! Ten minutes later than GOD he has arrived. Once I ran into my kitchen to tear the bag open so I can eat (finally) I pull out the rice container, then the container of beans (although my moro del dia is MIXED with rice/beans) I let that slide. Now I'm anxious to pull the mofongo out the bag and instead it's a side of plantains!!! UGHHHHHHHHHHHHH I call the restaurant AGAINm now it's 11:20p I speak with the manager and he says he can have the delivery guy come back with the correct order in no time. Okay...noooooo problem. :/ When he arrives by this time I'm exhausted and don't want to eat too late considering it's damn near mid-night at this point however I'm curious to see what it taste like since I love mofongo... I cut into it...IT'S HARD AS A FUCKIN' ROCK!!! I put it in the fridge along with the sides and decide to deal with it in the morning. SO for lunch today, I heated it up and tried it again...IT'S STILL HARD AS A ROCK!!! Needless to say, I don't think I'll try this place again. I'm so disappointed.
