Amada is an awesome brunch option in Philly! I was skeptical when I looked at the menu because I'm a pretty picky eater, but I'm glad I took a friend's recommendation and went. I really liked everything I tried! We didn't get drinks, but I now wish I had tried the whiskey coffee - the price put me off a bit, but the regular coffee was $4.50 anyway, so I think I'd just go all out next time. Overall, our meal wasn't that expensive because the portion sizes were pretty big and we split some starters before each getting our own "entree." The regular coffee was great - nice and strong. I just wish they'd come by more often for refills! To start off, we split the queso de cabra and the lemon ricotta pancakes. Both were fantastic. The baked goat cheese was rich and creamy, with a great tomato sauce. We asked for more bread, which they happily provided, so that we could sop up all the cheese and sauce. We didn't let any go to waste! When my friend recommended the lemon ricotta pancakes, I thought she was crazy - neither lemon nor ricotta sounded appetizing in pancakes. However, it definitely worked! The pancakes were awesome, as was the maple syrup served with them. I almost wished I had ordered the pancakes just for myself, although the portion size was still plenty for everyone to share (4 pancakes for each order). Although everything is done tapas-style, we opted to each get one dish as our "entree." For my entree, I got Amada's omelet. The omelet is made with manchego cheese and serrano ham, and let me tell you, they DO NOT skimp on the ham. The omelet was huge, so $12 was a great price. The ham surrounded the outside of the omelet, which I'd never seen before. Overall, it was very tasty and the potato/veggie hash on the side was a great addition. I didn't even finish the whole omelet! My boyfriend got the lamb meatballs and the patatas bravas. Usually, patatas bravas don't excite me much, but these were unique - more like fries with a tasty aioli. My boyfriend really liked the meatballs as well, and he couldn't even finish both dishes, which means he was really full. Our other friends with us both really liked their dishes as well! We didn't get any dessert because we were too full, but the options were VERY tempting. I would definitely go back to Amada next time I go to Philly and I recommend it to anyone. It's very nicely decorated inside and the service was good - we were casual for brunch but I assume it's a little dressier for dinner.
