Coming to NYC, Z and I knew we had to go to some form of momofuku.  So we decided that we would do Ssam Bar.  Went here on a Monday, a little after opening.  And there were already a few people inside.  It reminds me a little bit of Revel (in Seattle) where it's Korean food with a twist.  It's funny, because, even the layout is somewhat like Revel.  There's a long table where you can kind of sit communally and then there are tables along the wall.  It's a long and skinny seating area.  Revel has a long bar where you can see the food being prepared (which is super awesome) and then has tables along the wall and a few more in between.  Ok, not so similar, but kind of. Anyways, back to the food.  We ordered the pork belly steamed buns to start.  They were sooooo good.  The pork belly was well prepared and melting in my mouth.  The bun was nice and pillowy.  There were maybe two slices of cucumber on it?  Wish there were pickled cucumbers and a little more to give it some textural contrast and for a little acidity.  I did add a little bit of hot sauce.  But definitely worth ordering. I wasn't sure whether to order the spicy pork sausage and rice cakes (his play on ddukboki) or the duck over rice.  Z wanted the duck pot pie.  But she compromised and got the duck over rice and I got the spicy pork sausage and rice cakes.  The duck over rice was good, she ordered it with the pancake.  Probably should have ordered it with the lettuce.  The duck was cooked very well.  Seasoned well and tender and juicy.  Rice is always good.  But the pancake was really thin and had flour-y taste/ floury-ness that we didn't really care for.  But the rest of the dish was good.  The sausage and rice cakes were surprisingly good.  It looked a little weird, definitely not my mom's ddukboki or what you normally would get if you ordered ddukboki, but it was really good.  Not too spicy (I could have used a little more heat), chewy, meaty (it was more of a pork ragu, if you will), really good comfort food.  Z liked it so much, she ordered the Chang's cookbook.  We already made it!  Didn't turn out quite like his, but a pretty good version of it! We thought about dessert and was going to pass, but Z really wanted the lemon meringue.  We got it and it is so worth it.  Pistachio crust, pistachio crunch, lemon cream, topped with frozen grapefruit flesh, and a lemony toasted marshmallow.  Ok, so I don't know if these are all the correct terms for the components, but that is what is seemed to be.  But they all worked really well.  It was so good.  I'm going to figure out a way to make it.
