After checking out the menu and reading the reviews, I was very excited to try Tashan.   I am happy to report that I had a phenomenal experience.   We were promptly greeted by a very friendly, welcoming and accommodating hostess who seated us at what I think was the best seat in the house.  The restaurant is  decked out tasteful modern décor that promotes a fun and exciting experience.   Out server was very attentive, knowledgeable, and personable.  He was a big part of our wonderful experience. Now on to the food!  We started with three small plates.  The Gol-Gappa had great flavor and the presentation was fantastic.  We were a little surprised at how cold the potato filling was inside.  I understand it's not a warm dish but didn't think it would be refrigerator cold.  Regardless, it was packed with flavor and quite good.   The 2nd small plate was the Baby Octopus Nicobari.  This was absolutely perfect.  I don't think I have ever had octopus so tender.  Lightly seasoned and accompanied by a slightly spicy pepper sauce, this was a 5 star dish all the way.  The third small plate and possibly my favorite of the night was the Kobe Chopan Kebob.  The presentation of this dish is interesting to say the least (depending on your imagination) but the flavor is out of this world!  This was a fantastic five star dish.  Perfectly seasoned and perfectly tender.  I honestly contemplated not trying anything else and ordering more kebob's.  It was that good!  I am glad my wife talked me out of this because I then would of missed out in the Tandoori Butter Chicken.  This is an entrée sized portion that we split.  The sauce in this dish is rich and delicious.  The chicken was tender and full of flavor but when the chicken ran out, we were perfectly content scooping up every last drop of the sauce and eating it over rice. This dish is tied with the Kobe Chopan Kebob for my favorite dish of the night.  I am excited to go back and try more but I know that the Kobe Kebob and Butter Chicken will always be a part of any dining experience I have there.   Well done Tashan!  I'll see you soon
