I have not written a review in a while, but extenuating circumstances have forced me to write this. I Decided to try here for lunch because I've always been intrigued by their menu. I ordered a "sesame chicken salad". When it came out it looked more like a Caesar with very thin slices of grilled chicken. I was surprised. I imagined sesame chicken on top of salad. I asked a waitress about it (because our waiter had been disinterested from the start) She explained that there were sesame seeds sprinled on top. So it was a sesame chicken salad. I took a bite, didn't care for it. I wanted crispy sesame chicken, not bland grilled chicken. After staring at it for a while, the manager came over. And said stoicly "you dont care for it?" I asked to look at the menu (to see if I missed something. If it was my mistake I would gladly eat it. Or take it to go) I wanted to just look at the menu and she very abruptly cleared everything around me. She said she would bring back silverware and a napkin(that never happened ) I ordered a Caesar with steak. I thought, no surprises for this one. Not only did it take way too long, it came out with two large sections of romaine. Like a wedge salad. 20 minutes and not even chopped. At first I honestly thought "haha good one kitchen". "if she wants a salad ill give her a salad!!" My boyfriend automatically laughed when they brought it out. We asked the waiter, (when he finally pretended to care) said "its a caesar WEDGE salad. I thought by his tone, CLEARLY I had missed something on the menu, so I took his word for it. The salad was average, but it is kind of inconvinient to have to slice the hardest part of romaine with a butterknife, in a bowl. When I told our waiter we thought this was a joke, he was not amused. Btw, it says "caesar" salad on the menu. No mention of a wedge anywhere. By their logic, my boyfriend's chicken sandwich could have been "sesame chicken sandwich" because it had seeds on the bun. Oh yeah and service was slow. Painfully so. Not a big deal because we werent in a hurry. But irritating when there's two servers and 10 tables. No big groups. You know what, the service is so slow and apathetic...I have been writing this review on my phone, rewrote a couple drafts, showed it to my boyfriend, before  they brought us our check. We had our bright blue card on the table for close to 30 minutes now. Monday's tend to be the slow day. And their best staff isn't usually around. I get it. But this is just really sad.  I understand the creative presentation, but the menu descriptions are completely inaccurate. Also, in my experience, if I have a fussy person ordering a second dish I would clarify it for them! our Caesar is served like...". Basics people, basics. Worst 50 dollar lunch ( with two drinks and a tip) I've ever had. Nice weather though.
