came with a Google offer allowing me to order $60 worth of food (i only paid $30). even without the offer, Momo Sushi Shack offers a great price for fusion/modern japanese food. the setting is very Williamsburg/Bushwick hipster. communal tables in a industrially-designed space. be aware that you will be sitting veryclose to your neighbors (and sometimes eavesdropping on their conversation). the food also comes out in no particular order, so there's no structure of appetizers vs. entrees. in no particular order, we had the following: 1. Yellowtail Bomb: the "bombs" are a unique aspect to Momo Sushi Shack.  they don't serve nigiri sushi in the traditional oblong shape, but instead mold the rice into small balls topped with a fish of your choice. this was good, but nothing memorable. 2. Party Bomb: this is without a doubt the best deal on the menu. it's 12 bombs, serving a mix of 4 types of bombs (3 bombs per choice. it automatically comes with the Spicy McBomb, McLow Bomb, and Pink Bomb. you can choose the 4th type of bomb: we chose the Spicy Una Bomb.  i thought i would be "meh" about the whole selection, but each one had a slightly different flavor profile or accent that set them apart from your traditional sushi rolls.  the Spicy McBomb had crunch from the katafi which a great texture enhancement to the bomb.  the McLow Bomb's wasabi cream was a flavor shot of horseradish that cut into the typical combination.  the Pink Bomb seemed to have a hint of sesame oil in it which made it seem reminiscent to certain salmon tartars i've experienced. no comment on the Spicy Una Bomb, which was good, but i'm not a big fan of eel on my sushi. 3. Heritage Pork Betty: Momo Sushi Shack's pork betty is the most tender version i have ever consumed. it's simmered and stewed just to the point where the fat and skin hang onto the leaner meat, but only long enough for you to pick it up and put it in your mouth. after that, the meat simply dissolves in your mouth. 4. Lamb Offal Gyoza: this was good, but very gamey from the lamb. the flavor aside, the texture never hinted that you were eating anything except ground meat. but if you're not a fan of the strong flavor of lamb, you should probably stay away from this. 5. Tofu Salad: i suspect that certain portions of this salad are pre-made (or maybe the whole thing is) because it came out suspiciously ice cold. but everything tasted as it should: what was supposed to be crisp was crisp and nothing was wilted. no lie, this salad was damn good. and i rarely say that about salad. for the price and the good/unique food, even without the Google offer,  i would definitely come back. now i just have to hip myself up a little more so i can fit in.
