Let me begin by saying that though I'm a lover of the television genre: "reality" I've never seen an episode of Top Chef.  Nonetheless, after seeing Perilla listed under "Hot on Yelp" it earned a bookmark.  I was feeling bold and decided to treat the BF to dinner out.  I gave him a bunch of choices; he chose Perilla.   For some reason we had the world's most difficult time catching a cab that particular night and we were about 20 minutes late for our 6:45 reservation.  We called ahead to let them know and they were totally unfazed.  As soon as we arrived they took us to our table.  The space is cozy (read: small) and you find yourself sitting very close to your neighbor.  Quite unfortunately we were seated inches from a obnoxiously loud talker who went on and on about the challenges of being 50 and single.  She was mildly obsessed with Harold, which was great because without her constant squealing every time he walked by I would have never known who he was.   Ok, ok, on with it.  He started with the duck meatballs and I had the scallops.  My scallops were sizable and perfectly seared.  He told me that his meatballs were delicious and he couldn't get over the huge portion.  For entrees he had the hanger steak and I chose the monkfish special.  Again, he found his portion to be quite large and quite delicious.  As for me, this is where it got a bit dicey.  Ya see, I'm a pescatarian.  I eat seafood, but no other meat.  When our server described the special he failed to mention that the sauteed spinach upon which my monkfish came was _covered_ with bacon...  As a server for many, many years I see this as a major oversight.  Whenever someone orders a seafood or meat-less option you MUST let them know if there is meat in the dish.  It wasn't until I had a mouthful of spinach that I realized that along with the wilted green stuff, there were crispy fried pieces of piglet.  Boo-hoo!  The server was very apologetic and offered to have the whole thing re-plated for me.  Instead I had him bring out some piglet free spinach so that I could continue eating my delicious monkfish.   Dessert was disappointing.  We split the chocolate tarte with peppermint ice cream.  I was not a fan, which says a lot because I'm usually crazy about any/everything that contains sugar.  It was dry and covered in caramel sauce.  I found the peppermint ice cream and caramel sauce to be an odd combination.   Overall, we enjoyed ourselves.  I won't be rushing back, but I would definitely consider hitting it up again this spring.
