I thought it was good but it wasn't SOOOO good.  Maybe because whoever introduced me to tapas described it as "Spanish dim sum", but I always have trouble reconciling the price of tapas with the amount of food.  Dim sum, unlike tapas, is almost always really cheap and hence quite filling because you can eat a lot without much financial damage. To be fair, Tia Pol is pretty inexpensive and generously portioned for tapas.  And to be honest, no one seeks out tapas when they're starving either.  Have you heard anyone say, "Dude, I'm starving!  I could eat a cow!  Oooh, let's go to TAPAS!" before?  So if you're in the mood for a light meal then tapas is a reasonable choice. But I digress.  Suffice to say that the food at Tia Pol is savory and tasty but as a naturally big eater, I'm just not a huge fan of tapas. Anyway, the highlights of yesterday's meal - a.k.a. Everything Fried + the Shrimp: - rough cut potatoes with a spicy sauce so addicting and that we asked for extra bread to sop it up.   - crispy fried fish - ham croquettes - leche frita: very similar to the Chinese fried milk that you can get at dim sum - shrimp with the head on had a nice flavor and the plump meat was nice and firm Lowlights of the meal, a.k.a. Everything Not Fried: - special chanterelle & hen-of-the-woods mushrooms + egg dish - really not good.  It was musky and tasted faintly of bleach. - special salt cod on baguette dish that surprisingly came in a mayo dressing.  Hmm, there was no indication on the menu that this was a FISH SALAD.  The waiter also grazed his hairy arm against the top of my fish while clearing some other plates so I had to remove that portion from my bread.  Of course, he was so charming that I forgave him. - chorizo con chocolate was not spectacular despite the rave yelp reviews.  The thin slices of chorizo were cold (maybe it was just our order) and I felt that the bitter dark chocolate overwhelmed the taste of the sausage. - almond cake was waaaay too sweet.  The fact that it was served with even sweeter vanilla ice cream made it worse. Have to admit they made a pretty great sangria too.  Our waiter was great, very young and smiley.  Seating is intimate though slightly uncomfortable.  I wouldn't be adverse to coming here again because while it may be my first choice for tapas in NY, it's not my first choice for dinner.
