We had dinner there last night and it was fabulous! What a great night out. The food? AMAZING. We tried pork belly for the first time, and it was delicious. I had the trout and it was cooked perfectly. The accompanying roasted pepper salsa was so flavorful. My friend had the short ribs and he can't stop talking about it. We REALLY wanted to try the fourless chocolate cake for dessert but we just couldn't fit one more thing. The portions were perfect. The person saying the portions are small may be speaking of the appetizers, but appetizers are not meant to be huge. If you're looking for that, go to Chili's. If you want quality food, go here. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. Well worth the prices, which were reasonable given the quality of the food and the atmosphere. The waitstaff was fabulous, attentive, friendly, and funny. The manager was hugely attentive, stopping by a few times and even sent us an extra appetizer after we talked about wines for a few minutes. He was hugely knowledgeable and enthusiastic about wines and helped us choose a bottle. Maybe these other reviewers had a bad egg waiting on them? Everyone we interacted with was great and only made our experience better. The ONLY reason I'm not giving the place a full 5 stars is because they have a few "two-person" booths that are ridiculously small. We were seated in one at first and it was just too cramped. To their credit the second we asked, we were given a new human-sized booth. Other than that the space was nice and decorated tastefully with a more modern feel. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. **Amendment**--After dining at the Stone Hearth 3 times now, I have to conclude that a lot about your experience here will depend on who's waiting on you. I would concur with previous reviews that say the service is inconsistent, or in some cases bad. The 2nd time we ate there we had a waitress who was inattentive and ignored certain requests of ours. It certainly made our night less enjoyable. The waitress on our 1st and 3rd dinners there was absolutely AMAZING--friendly, attentive, informative--she really made our night. So while the food is absolutely OUTSTANDING, know that your experience might be impacted the quality of service depending on which waitress you get.
