It's kind of a shame that my first review of a restaurant has to be a bad one, but Lloyd really dropped the ball today and left me with no choice. We planned to attend another establishment nearby but the wait was almost 30 minutes so we decided to give Lloyd a chance. Staff was friendly and amenable at first. However, It took about 10 to 15 minutes for our first round of drinks to arrive. And then we waited, and waited, and waited. Finally after waiting for our food for about 45 minutes, the waiter appeared and we asked him if you could check with the kitchen. He also took our second round drink order at that time. It took another 10 minutes for those drinks to arrive at which point the waiter informed us that that round was on him because our food was taking so long. We had ordered five entrées: the regular breakfast, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, the French toast and vegan scrapple. The food finally arrived and three plates showed up, assuming at the other two plates were on the next visit we just accepted those three. About five minutes later the waiter appeared again and we asked him where the other two entrées were. He looked at us with a puzzled look, and we told him we were still missing the vegan scrapple and the sausage and biscuits. About 10 minutes after that he showed up with foie gras scrapple, I told him that I don't eat foie gras because I'm a vegan. He apologized and went back into the kitchen, and the wait began again. We had an infant with us, who was starting to get fussy because we have now been there for an hour and 15 to an hour and half. So eventually I went into the kitchen and asked him to please cancel the other two items that had not shown up yet and to just bring us our check. So to make a long story short, our first visit to Lloyd was not a very positive one, and I'm not sure we'll ever go back and give them another chance. The food we did eat was okay, not exceptional, but acceptable. But I think sometimes the longer you have to wait, and the hungrier you get, the more critical you may become. Maybe it was just an off day for them, but from an objective perspective they definitely didn't have the manpower or expertise to handle a brunch crowd. Maybe they do better with the whiskey crowd at night.
