Awesome place filled with awesome memories. A few friends and I walked past this place on the way to Lombardi's for pizza and saw that it was PACKED even on a sunday night. A couple of us remembered the name sounding familiar on Yelp and made a split second decision to try it out. We went in and put our names down on the list and decided to head over to Lombardi's first while the line died down and head back here to eat. Best decision of the night. Haha. Since we had already shared a pizza at Lombardi's we decided to order only appetizers and light dishes here. We went with a couple salads, the lobster risotto, escargots, a dozen oysters, a bottle of wine, and some absinthe. The waitress wasn't very happy but who cares. After staying there for more than 2.5 hours we ended up with a different waiter and he more than made up for her brusque attitude. Salads were your basic starters so i can't really compliment them too much but they did put a nice amount of dressing so the salad wasn't drowning and still had enough flavor and the leaves were definitely fresh. The escargots were cooked in butter and garlic and tasted good. However, one of the escargots would not come out of its shell (i guess it didn't want to be eaten) and the rude waitress we had gave us a look like we were idiots since we couldn't get it out. So, she gave it a try, the manager gave it a try, but guess what? Yup, it was still stuck. They offered to give us another one, but i thought it weird that they took that one back and just brought us another piece in a bowl. The lobster risotto was amazing though. It was super creamy and cooked perfectly al dente with a good amount of lobster pieces throughout.  The portion wasn't too big so it didn't get too overwhelming. And the oysters. They were extremely fresh and tasted wonderful. None of that too fishy taste or ocean water taste. We ordered the sample and ended up ordering even more afterwards. For people who don't eat a lot of oysters, we ended up ordering quite a lot that night. Our wine complimented everything extremely well and lasted us through the whole dinner. We ended the 3 hour "dinner" with a shot of absinthe, or at least the 3 of my friends did. I just had a sip. :P Haha. Everything was amazing here and the company i had and the time i spent here probably biased me a bit, but this is definitely one of my favorite places from all the places i've been to despite the rude service we received at first from the waitress. Maybe she was having a bad day?
