This is the best meal we've had since moving back to New York from Barcelona one year ago. Hands down. And it's surprising; the menu is quite your basic NY charming independently owned neighborhood restaurant fare but where most restaurants try to pass off meals a reasonable cook can pull of at home - and better - they just hit each morsel out of the ballpark. And despite how annoying this may sound, I have to say, having just lived in Paris and Barcelona (facing the Santa Caterina market, the heavenly market of all markets) over the past five years, I've become really easily irritated with bland overpriced food. So this was just an amazing experience for me and for my husband. Bread - is a disgrace most places. An afterthought. They warm it up or warm the butter but the bread is average. At Anella, they bring you a small loaf in a clay pot (like a potted plant) that is absolutely to die for. It either is or is very much like a brioche but I remember a brioche being spongey and not very nice. This was soft and melted in your mouth. They serve it with a garlic or shallot butter, can't remember which. The bread is worth the trip. Bibb Salad - weirdly perfect with dates and crumbled blue cheese, pecans (I think) and a light lemony dressing Burrata Mozzarella - also came with an extraordinarily dressed salad. I actually would rate it OVER the Bibb but that's because I'm not very keen on blue cheeses. (Yes, it was hard in Paris, I stuck with the creamy soft cheeses). And who doesn't like Burrata? (that's why the invented Italy). Hangar Steak - we both ordered this. The meat was so tender, so delicious and for the first time in eons that I've ordered steak in a restaurant, cooked perfectly. It came with a pesto, fingerling potatoes, and (what I think were) chanterelle mushrooms. I know, I know, it sounds so easy to just buy this at the local gourmet shop and I cook. a lot. and cook this very thing often enough, but they just made everything perfectly. It was so delicious. Every bite we idiotically exclaimed how good this was. The waitstaff probably thought we didn't leave the house much. And then dessert was ridiculous. I don't even like dessert but they brought out 2 desserts for our anniversary that were out of this world. (A surprise to us.) One was like a round very very soft cinnamon donut hole of the highest order that you dip in a coffee cream. The other was a little cake that I can't describe but it was caramelly and white chocolatey but not too sweet at all with a nice creamy thing on the site. And they brought it out with candles and a sparkling red wine because it was our wedding anniversary. It was the perfect end to a perfect day. Thanks Anella. We can't wait to try your other 2 restaurants (Calyer and Jimmy's Diner ) asap! The kindness and overall service and attention to detail they showed us was first class. We felt almost sheepish and undeserving by the end. To the staff at Anella, we say thank you for making our anniversary an amazing night. This is real customer service and truly outstanding quality. xoxoxoxoxo
