Last night I attended the Firestone Walker Brewery event at Hawthorne's Beer Cafe.  The event focused on ales from the award-winning Firestone Walker Brewery from Paso Robles, California.  This week marks the first appearance of Firestone Walker beers in Philadelphia.  It was my first time to Hawthorne's and I was mildly surprised to not find a bar.  What I did find was a medium-sized cafe appointed with tables, a couple of couches, and a fireplace.  Hawthorne's also has a many coolers featuring a very impressive bottle selection as well as a growler fill station.  I was pleasantly greeted upon entering and seated immediately.  They were offering a four course pairing menu for the event, but I went in my typical direction and ordered a cheeseburger (and it was quite delicious). I sampled three of the Firestone Walker offerings available and found them all to be very good.  I started with the Abacus Barley Wine, I personally am not always a fan of barley wines, but this was very complex and inviting.  The Abacus had many scents and flavors that came through, overwhelmingly with dark fruit and vanilla to go along with the bourbon boozy flavor.  The alcohol flavor wasn't overpowering but it was evident, which is probably a good thing because it is 13% ABV.  The second selection was the Double Jack IPA, for me this ale was a home run.  The aroma was typical of a west coast IPA, offering citrus, some pine, and lots of hop.  The flavor was extremely diverse, not much sweetness, but plenty of citrus and fruity floral before the dry bitterness (which was extremely smooth).  The Double Jack will be hitting my lips again.  The last ale I sampled was the Firestone 14 Anniversary Ale.  The 14 was a limited production and truly was a sample, a 4 oz. pour.  This ale packed a lot of punch in both the aroma and flavor.  The aroma was roasted coffee, vanilla, raisins, and a lot of booze.  The flavor was predominantly sweet bourbon with raisins, vanilla, coffee, and chocolate all present.  It finishes with a fairly strong alcohol flavor.  The 14 Anniversary Ale was a very complex beverage and well crafted.  Overall I had a great evening and enjoyed my meal, beverages, and company.  I will be returning to Hawthorne's Beer Cafe many times in the future.
