My 2nd time here.  Ate only tapas, some good, some not so good.  Overall, I'll still go go back, but you have to be choosy about what's good on the menu.  Some dishes are poorly conceived, others are just poorly executed. We both had the same reactions, so here they are, from good to not so good: Chicken empanadas: Very good, and a really good crust too.  But the spicy avocado was way too spicy for either of us.   Chocolate hazelnut indulgence dessert: Very good.  Similar to desserts you can get elsewhere, though one touch that Barcelona did better, the raspberry sauce didn't seem overly artificial & sweet as some can be. Spaghetti squash: Well done, we liked it. Lamb chops:  Overly-salted, and not as tender as some I've had.  And whatever that spicy condiment was (the menu didn't fore-warn us), the chef shouldn't put the chops on top of it.  We don't want the condiment, don't leave it all over the chop.  The chop was good flavor though, so I'll give them a qualified thumbs-up. Lobster Fideos:  We give it a thumbs down.  The lobster was fine, but the flavored pasta base was way too over-powering.  A terrible pairing with something delicately-flavored like lobster.  With such a strong base, might as well use chicken.  Or tofu.  Or anything.  The base was good, just not with lobster. Beet salad:  Big thumbs down.  Way over-pickled beets.  If your beet salad isn't  made with fresh beets, it should say so right on the menu.  Because there's a huge difference between a good (fresh) beet salad, and a lame pickled-beet salad. Pet peeve 1:  If you serve me a meat I might want to cut, give me a steak knife (not a butter knife), don't make me wait to flag you down again and get a steak knife. Pet peeve 2: (nearly every restaurant screws this one up) Always give me a knife with my dessert.  I don't want to be chasing food around a plate, plus I might want to cut & share the dessert. Also, if my dessert contains any kind of liquid, gelatin, custard, or ice cream, don't just give me a fork, give me a spoon!
