I lived in East Windsor for a number of years and was a frequent guest of the Americana. 20 years ago, the place looked like a neglected underbelly of a pirate ship, but they delivered solid diner fare. Loved it. After the renovations, they made major changes, but the food was still delicious. Skip forward to a few years ago: someone decided that they wanted to bill the joint as a restaurant, as opposed to a diner. They slashed their huge menu and replaced it with a specialized seasonal menu with limited options. Understandable in the business, unless you specialize in garbage water-soaked meat, dairy and vegetables described as delectable items on the menu. I accompanied some friends there a few times when I was in town, and tolerated it. I had all but written the place off, but had a craving for a classic pork roll sandwich with egg and cheese. I made the asinine assumption that any diner in NJ would still be able to deliver. Fools tried to class up the thing by calling it the "Trentonian" and serving it on Ciabatta bread. After a drawn-out negotiation with the server, one of my fellow guests pointed out that the hamburger roll was the closest to a hard roll that I was going to get. Ordered it. Pork roll: two pathetic, Jenny Craig slices that would probably get NJ kicked out of the union. Roll: Delivered by the food runner with the Ciabatta, the offensive bread that I had no business dealing with for a hangover sandwich. The runner tried to argue with the server that we had ordered it in that manner. Call your patrons and server a liar at the table, only to be proven wrong by the notes on the ticket, that makes for a 5 star establishment. Eggs and Cheese: Would have been good if it hadn't taken the staff 10 minutes to switch rolls and return our sandwiches at room temperature. Water: No ice. Would have felt at home if I lived in Europe. Table Bread: Served well after order was placed, same temp as the service (stone cold) Coffee: Should have grabbed the Dunkin Donuts coffee that had been sitting in my cup holder for 20 minutes for a warmer cup. Server: Friendly (being generous) Atmosphere: It was the first day of New Year, so I'll accept the fact that they didn't ask the white trash train seated in our section that was babbling in outdoor voice to leave. I would give 1 star, but our server was somewhat attentive and seemed to be overextended.
