VERY good place to eat all sorts of Indian food from all regions to your content.  India is a HUGE place and many have myths that it's all one type of food (i.e spicy curry sauces).  NOT TRUE. This place is like an Indian dhaba, with over 8 separate restaurants inside..  very rustic feeling.  If you want a fancy frou-frou place, this is not for you.  But if you are big Indian food fan- this is an oasis here.  There is a popular Edison branch, but that's so crowded.  This is hidden off and feels more peaceful. The variety of Indian foods is dazzling.  Just run a wikepedia on Indian cuisine , and over 30 regions show up.  This is a charming place to experience some of the different regions of cooking, at VERY low prices.   This is a fantastic place to go with friends if everyone likes different types of Indian foods.  In addition, they have fusion cuisine (Chinese and even Mexican! , which is becoming popular in India). We have attempted to eat at every restaurant in there, and it's all very good.  Very surprised to read about the two low reviews.. we only had good experiences here.  And someone said it was expensive--quite the contrary, we saw the best prices out of all the places around here.    Alas.. one less star, since the atmosphere and eating area is a bit too crowded (do takeout, if you don't like crowds).  We attempted to eat quite some vegetarian dishes, but there are so many more to try! * South India (idly's):   pesarattu (unique mung-bean lentil green dosa rarely offered in restaurants), standard dosas, idlys, etc.   really good dosas.  They also have dosa special nights for dosa for $1 or $2 dollars.  Very good!  We come here for the dosas alone at times.. best bargain and taste. * Birayani :  Rice and layered vegetables among other things.   Nice.  Seems to be a popular take-out. * Punjabi Food and Chaat:   They have a veg platter with an entire meal for about $7.00 (naan, rice, vegetables, salad, raaiti).  One of the best platters.  Very very good stuff!  Even my finicky friend likes this one. * Bombay Spice:  we enjoy their chaats and paav bahjii (a Mumbai specialty of bread rolls with Indian gravy).  We arrived after closing time once, and they re-opened the place to make us some- it was great. * Desi Juice Center:   Carrot and other healthy juices for a fraction of a price.  Indian shakes too and ice creams too.  They make the juices fresh in front of you.  Really nice to just go and pick up a juice, at a fraction of a price of health centers. * Guajarati Rasoi:  wow.. what variety from this region. They have dhoklas (steamed lentil cakes- a mild salty savory dish) - entire plate for about $5.00 dollars to platters- very tasty.  And Guajarati Indian platters (like poori-subji) to even Mexican platters like burritos (!), etc.    all good stuff. * Sweets Center:  delicious sweets;; Indians sweets are a hidden treasure.. * Chin-Chin Chinese:  Indo-Chinese is coming up as a big fusion in India.  We tried their vegetarian soups and platters.  Very good deal on Chinese dishes- and  very tasty. Really, this is like reviewing over 8 restaurants at once- so cannot get into details.   Maybe someone should separate the restaurants to independent yelp listings to make a proper review of each restaurant. The amount of things to try is the best.   Each time, it's fun to try something new.  So far, we've liked everything ! We're hoping to get back there soon.
