My husband and I went here with a group of friends just before Christmas.  Almost every time we get together, we go to The Library, but this time we decided to change it up.   First of all, I will point out that while I am a vegetarian, I do frequent places that are primarily "meat based" if they are otherwise still good.  Like I said, we go to The Library regularly, and I love it.   If you are not participating in the meat service, you are left with the salad bar and the side dishes that are given for the table, family style.  The salad bar left a lot to be desired.  I hard a lot about this supposedly awesome salad bar, but it just wan't good.  There wasn't much there to make a decent meal out of.  There were a lot of weirder items that one wouldn't expect at a salad bar, and just weren't good in that setting.   The side-dishes were okay.  They serve you three sides family style, for everyone to pick at.  IMO, one was good, one was ok, and one was crap.  First, the crap:  mashed potatoes, which were clearly instant potatoes, not real.  Dissapointment.  The ok:  a fried polenta.  It was my frist time having polenta, and it was ok.  I enjoyed it, but it wasn't anything I'd go out of my way for.  Third was the one I really enjoyed:  the carmelized plantains.  I always love these. They also serve an interesting bread, which was actually really good.  I think it was kind of cheesy, but also had a heavy eggy taste.  I think I ate like 7 of them.  They are almost bite-sized so it is easy to over do it on the bread. While I can't comment on the meat, I will say that most of the people at our table were not particularly impressed with the quality of meats.  My husband only liked one of the many that he tried.  Considering that's the main draw of the restaurant, I would have hoped that everyone would have been blown away enjoying the meats. Another good thing was the wine.  My brother-in-law picked out a really good Australian red.  I drank my fair share.   For dessert, I had the molten chocolate cake, which was actually really good. Over all, I'd like to give this place 3 stars - It is okay.  Nothing spectacular, just okay.  However, it loses a star for being so pricey.  At $51.50 per person just to walk in the door, before drinks, dessert, tax, and tip (so really, count on it being closer to $100 per person), I would expect the food to be of much better quality.  Next time the group wants to get together for our semi-annual dinner, we will be reverting back to our old stand-by - The Library.  A steak house that this vegetarian loves.
