Fare is the perfect spot for brunch or lunch paired with a tour of Eastern State Penitentiary. After all, it has a lovely view of Fairmount Ave...and its giant stone wall. You kind of feel like you're eating next to a castle. Anyway, I was shocked to find out that there was no wait on a Sunday at 12 when Sabrina's was clocking in at 1.5 hours. We rushed over and found the clean, sophisticated restaurant rather empty. Service was really slow, since there were only two people covering all the tables and bar, during prime brunch time.  We both got the meat omelette of the day (they also have a veg offering) which was chorizo with roasted red peppers, carmelized onions, and cheddar cheese ($9.50). Most options on the menu were $9-$15, and a lot of them looked really tasty. The menu said it came with a green salad, but it also came with a small side of roasted potatoes. I think it's important to note that Fare's roasted potatoes are not hash browns, they are more like a mixed variety of sweet & regular potato fries, and were on the soft side. The waitress did not tell us this beforehand, which I thought was strange. They also only have french press coffee, which was good but I am all about free refills ($5.50 for a large). They call themselves a wine bar, so they had a wide variety of wine and cocktails. The wine was decently priced but the cocktails were a little steep ($9 or so). The coffee came out fairly quickly, and she forgot spoons which she said she would bring but never did. She also didn't explain the french press and how to use it. The food came out shortly after, without butter for our toast. We had to get up and ask the hostess to bring us some because the waitress was nowhere to be found. Service aside, the food was really good. The omelette was a decent size, perfectly cooked, and had a decent amount of filling. We were afraid the portions would be small because it's a "fancier" restaurant, but proved us wrong. It took some more time to get our check, and when the waitress came over she did apologize for being absent. It was nice to get an apology, but I really think they need to just put more servers on the floor during a guaranteed busy time like sunday brunch.
