I'm not sure why this place is not more packed on weekends. Few friends had recommended Sotto for brunch months ago, but i was taken back by the "B" they got from the Sanitation Department. Yet, I decided to five it a try and I regret not giving them the benefit of the doubt sooner. Let me start off by saying that the service provided was excellent. My party was very late to our reservation but the hostess was nice enough to not cancel the reservation. And as soon as my friends arrived she seated us in their astonishing back area of the dining room. Here, we got some natural light from the sunroof. We opted for the brunch special, which included 2 pizzas, 2 brunch plates, and 2 sides for a party of 4-6 people. And of course the unlimited booze. We choose the margarita and the spicy sausage fennel pizza. For the brunch plates, we went tithe the grilled skirt steak hash and french toast. As for sides, we ended up having bacon. Yes, both of our sides options were used for bacon. The pizzas were really good. They were thin crisp and had the right amount of ingredients. They spicy sausage is not spicy at all, it just gives the pizza a nice flavor and compliments the onions as well. The steak has was excellent. It was cooked to the medium term and served over a bed of roasted potatoes, and topped with sunny side up eggs (make sure to include all the components of this dish in one bite!!). On the other hand, I'm not a french toast person but this was a puffy, sweet and delicious one. Now, let me explain why we ended up with two sides of bacon. We originally ordered on side of bacon and a side of roasted potatoes, but the order of bacon was the first plate to come to the table and we ate it really fast (some may argue that it was so good that we couldn't resist and others could say that we were starving). So we ended up getting the rest of the dishes except the roasted potatoes. This is when we decided that since the bacon was so crisp and roasted potatoes were part of the steak hash dish, we should just switch that side order of potatoes for a bacon one. BOOZE TIME! Unlimited brunch calls for fast drinking for many of us. At Sotto our glasses were never empty. Our server was constantly going around filling everyone's glass. For the drinks option they have bloody marys, mimosas, bellinis and some other drink I can't recall. The orange juice used for the mimosas has pulp, so if you don't like that opt for another drink (duh). Our server, again, was so nice to allow us to go from mimosas to their peach bill ini. They are HEAVEN!! In summary, Sotto 13 just got themselves a regular. I love the food sharing idea and nothing beats their $29 brunch special!!
