Ate there recently for my collegue's B-Day dinner.  She had requested dinner there as she is one of those suburban starstruck ladies.  I adore her in spite of this star fuckery flaw so wanted to help make her BDay celebrations as smooth as possible.  Not happy to report that Locanda Verde did not meet my expectations in the personnel side of the equation. Had to wake up at 8AM on a Saturday (Seriously?!?!) to make the reservation for a large party with their month in advance reservations rule.  OK, I know other restaurants use that rule, but I have to say- it starts me off on a bad foot with that restaurant.  If I know 6 months ahead of time that I would like to dine there at an off peak time, why the heck do I have to wait until the month before to reserve?  Oh, because they want to be able to bump me if someone more important comes into town.  * Slaps forehead! Wait they already can do that!  Sigh... So I get there with my group of not spring chicken co-workers.  Of our party of 7, 5 had gotten there on time for our early dinner reservation.  Snotty host and hostesses (who rarely condescend enough to make eye contact with you) discover our last 2 diners were not present and refuse to seat us.  So when the hosts are condescending, I am annoyed but I accept that sometimes that's the way things are in NYC but when my elder collegues are forced to hover by the crowded bar and in the way of the servers, busboys, and hosts while our table sits EMPTY, my inner Asian is appalled at the disrespect.  We had all been eagerly looking forward to having a drink but when everyone was so crowded that we couldn't help but be in the way while holding our coats and bags, no one wanted to order a drink while we were standing around.   We had been planning for all of us to have a cocktail while waiting but I guess the restaurant really didn't want a higher bar tab from us.   The restaurant is LOUD.  Very LOUD.  YOU HAVE TO SPEAK LIKE THIS SO YOUR TABLE CAN HEAR YOU OVER THE DIN, LOUD. :(  Whomever designed the space did a lovely job balancing Italian rustic with Tribeca lived in chic and a hint of voyeuristic pleasure (tilted ceiling mirrors so diners facing inwards can see the sidewalk behind them) but they did not do a good job anticipating the accoustics or the setting sun. Our server was interesting. There was nothing egregious in her behavior, manner, or serving style but she was not at the level of execution I expect when spending a couple hundred per person for a meal.  Perhaps she was having a bad day or was in the weeds, (though it looked like she was only working with a few tables) but attention to detail wasn't so great.  Also the ability to count didn't seem to be high up there either.  Everything that was supposed to come out for the group like bread, wineglasses, etc seemed to come out one short.  We had to keep asking for extra. After noticing this short coming we specifically asked how many pieces of crostini would come with the shared ricotta app and she had said enough for everyone at the table to have one.  Well she was wrong and we had to ask AGAIN for more. And I get that the server was annoyed by our requests but ignoring us for 10 minutes afer we make a request for things we shouldn't have to request gets old really fast for your diners, too.  I will give her credit for opening our bottle of prosecco, correctly with barely an audible pop. The food itself was fresh, wonderfully prepared, and delicious.  It was also tiny.  I don't usually eat very much at night but to be sociable and match my collegues' dining pace, I ordered 2 courses but ordered 2 apps instead of an app and main.  I realize that the menu is set up to encourage multiple courses but when asked how big certain plates were, the server had difficulty describing them.  My asparagus starter had 5 asparagus stalks on it, my crispy artichokes had 7 artichoke leaves artfully scattered around my long plate.  My 2 collegues' fish main each had a slice that was smaller than the 3oz "deck of cards" size for a protein but the mains came with a few bites of sides underneath it, too.  Everything was beautifully presented and I repeat delicious but at the size I have come to expect when having a 7-9 course chef's tasting menu.  Lucky for me, I don't eat much at night so I was ok (but not anywhere close to full) when dessert came around.  While the dining menu had some interesting combinations and selections, the dessert menu seemed a little uninspired.  My deconstructed tartufo was tasty but nothing special.  It was based on quality gelato but I wish it had more of the chocolate "shell" pieces that tartufo usually come covered in rather than the one little smear I did get.   All in all, while the food was delicious, all the other annoyances make me sure that I won't be going back on my dime.  Great food is easy to come by in NYC, especially at this price point but I won't have to deal again with the hassles Locanda Verde presented us with.
