Just went to Uva last night - meeting three friends for dinner.  I have mixed reviews.  We were seated relatively quickly, which I was happy about since I called and was told that they don't take reservations for 4.  We had a nice table in the heated covered garden, but it was a relatively crowded space.  I had my chair bumped into more times during the night than I can remember - it got pretty disconcerting after a while.  Service was prompt, although a bit too insistent on taking our orders.  We were trying to enjoy our drinks (which we got at the bar while waiting), and catch up on some old times - and the waitress came by to take our order.  One of my friends told her that we hadn't even looked at the menus yet - it hadn't even been five minutes.  She said OK - but then I caught her rolling her eyes....what was that all about?  (Well, I know what that was about, but come on - it's not like we were sitting there for an hour.) Anyway - about the food - a fairly large and complex menu.  We all had appetizers and entrees - I went with two of the specials - butternut squash soup (it was freezing before we came in and I needed to warm up!) and a homemade ravioli with a mushroom cream sauce.  The pasta was nice - a bit al dente - but so were the mushrooms.  They could have been cooked a bit longer - but it was flavorful. We didn't do the meats and cheeses during this meal - but they had some nice selections to go with a pretty good wine menu.   Overall a nice time - visually a nice spot - but I don't know how anyone could have a conversation in the indoor dining space - music was blasting.  Definitely don't go if you want a quiet romantic dinner.  But, if you don't mind yelling at your date and missing half of what they say, I guess it would be a good "date" spot. Now, despite my '3 star' review - it's not that this was the first time I've been there.  In fact, this was the third - so they get a star for each visit.  If they turned down the music a notch, figured out a way to blow out the walls to make the place bigger, and prevented waitress eye-rolls - I'd move it up a star.
