My favorite venue in town, I can easily spend the entire night at Johnny Brenda's. At Johnny's You can grab dinner before a show, then migrate upstairs to the second floor, or even higher to the third floor bar (there's no shortage of beer here) and enjoy your favorite band perched from above with a $3 Kenzinger in hand. After the show, grab a friend and duck into the mall-style photo booth for a few embarrassing drunken headshots, then drop back down to the ground floor for more beer and some pool before stumbling out onto Girard Ave at the end of an epic evening. If I were rating the food and service experience exclusively, I probably wouldn't give JBs more than 3/5. The brunch fails to match its reputation, the service could be more attentive, and I've never been compelled to come here solely for the food. But the food is there because it has to be, it's an afterthought to offering an intimate show environment and a great beer selection, which is why Fishtown loves this place. It's a bit of a scenester in-crowd here, but you don't have to be a hipster to fit in, just don't be like the guy who sidled up next to me at the bar recently and had this obnoxious exchange with the bartender: Some Dude: Let me get a Miller Lite. Bartender: Closest thing we have is Sly Fox Pale Ale. Some Dude: That's $5. Who charges $5 for beer? Bartender: That's cheap for good beer, dude. Some Dude: Let me get a Washington Apple shot then. Bartender: Sorry, no Apple Pucker. Some Dude: This place sucks! (exit stage left) What separates JBs from other venues is that here the bands are completely tangible, a few months ago I chatted up Handsome Furs outside after seeing them play one of the most intense, crowd-engaging shows I've ever seen (photo evidence in my profile pictures), and you just don't get that opportunity at most venues. And that's why Johnny Brenda's is a 5-star establishment. Though the food doesn't get my blood pumping, the intimate vibe and overall immense, 3-floor Johnny Brenda's experience does. This is the only spot where I'm willing to see a completely random show, because even if the band stinks, Johnny always delivers.
