Do you ever get the feeling that you forgive bad service more easily in NYC than in any other city, state, province or country? Do you only remove one star from a review despite the fact that you were hating life until the moment you received your food? The things restaurants get away with are atrocious, and Public is no exception. It pains me to stay true to form, only removing one star for insultingly rude service from the two hostesses, but they were just one cog in the Public machine. That said, despite the 4-star review, allow me to begin (for once) with the negatives: when we arrived for a late lunch, there was one large table open and five tables for two open -- neatly cleaned and prepared with silverware and rock salt. There was also an entire empty lounge with three booths and two tables. Naturally, with so much room, our wait was... 40 minutes?! What did you say, miss hostess? Why is it that long for two people?? Well, ok, fine, we'll wait in the lounge like a pair of polite tourists; we know you're artificially managing the wait time, but we'll be nice. 10 minutes go by... so bored... 25... 30... 45 minutes. Okay, what's going on here? 50 minutes, 55, 60... they forgot about us. They forgot that we've back here. 'Excuse me, could we have a table?' 'Sure, your table is ready.' What. Was there a point to making us wait like that? Yes, I was hating life. But then the food came. Our server was very nice, the atmosphere is fantastic, and the food... oh, the food is terrific. Everything on the menu is wonderfully creative and I'm especially a fan of their poached eggs over salmon brunch dish. Even more shocking is that for what you get, the prices are perfect. So, I go back once in a while. The service is still rude and slow and the hostesses have a demeaning way of talking down to you, but the food is worth it. I feel like a broken record saying that, but it seems most NYC restaurants are staffed with overachieving chefs and underachieving Broadway-hopefuls as servers and hostesses. C'est la New York.
