I used the 10$ for 20$ Yelp deal, but afterwards noticed there is a Groupon Now deal which is 15$ for 30$ worth of stuff - I would have much rather used that, but oh well! On to the review... So there was good and bad experiences with this place, I will try organizing the review to reflect that. THE GOOD: Pretty big restaurant, open and clean looking. Well lit but not retina-burning. Very attentive and friendly waiters and hosts. As we walked in, we were greeted immediately and asked if we had a reservation, which we did not. I replied "no" but they were able to seat us anyway. The waitress continuously checked up on us, refilled water, explained different menu options (as best she could) and even offered to help make the dipping sauce. Good price, 15$ for a large hotpot bowl divider (one side spicy, for me and the other side mild for Miss Sarit). It came with a very meager selection of veggies, so I ordered a side of straw mushrooms (OMG!), fried tofu, asparagus. It all came very quickly and was SUPER delicious. The ingredients were fresh, and pretty plentiful. The waitress offered to even crack the egg for us! Amazing service! For checking in on Yelp at this time, they give a free melon ice bar. Do yourself a favor, and savor every moment you have with this icy bar of delight. It was SO delicious that I went shopping at the Asian supermarket down the street in search for it (successfully!) Words cannot describe how good it is. They're 2$/pop otherwise at the restaurant (and 4.75 or so for a box of 8 at the store.) THE BAD: So it's really more of a oversight and related to trouble communicating. I ordered all vegetarian ingredients, and specified to the waitress that I am a vegetarian. After we ate nearly the entire meal, I go scrounging around in the bowl for any remnants of food that had escaped my yummy-seaking-missile and encountered several LARGE cow-bones. Maybe they put it in there for flavor, but if someone says they are a vegetarian they can usually do without pieces of dead animal carcass in their soup. Fortunately, I am a vegetarian more for health reasons and not ethical reasons, so it was not a HUGE deal for me. ***BUT*** if I were here with my mother or sisters (who are vegan / vegetarian for ethical reasons) it would break their heart to see that, probably make them physically ill, and I would have felt like garbage. Poorly played, Mister Hot Pot. Very big potential mistake. They would have gotten 4 or even 5 stars if it were not for this. It's a shame. I will be back since it's a good 5-7 minute walk from my house, but I will be SURE to specify that vegetarians do not like animal bones simmering in their soups.
