In all of my time here on Yelp I have only ever written one review before -- most of my time here is to spent promoting my business in NYC and deciding whether or not to be a patron at a local bar/restaurant/etc. But man! I'm all mad and wanting to rant! So here it goes (*ahem*) My sister recently moved to Philadelphia from Atlanta, and so I'm here for a weekend getaway. She being new and me being hungry almost always, she suggests we participate in the little tourist trap that consists of eating a lot of cheese steak from places that are kind of old and then deciding which one is the best, a.k.a: the Pat's versus Geno's showdown. My Verdict: Neither of them are really all that, but of the two it's definitely Pat's. Plain and simple, their cheese steak is just much, much better. Geno's bread is hard, they don't put enough cheese, the steak itself is mediocre. Dude, it's really just not good. I mean, you could very easily make something more delicious at home and not get in a panic that you're going to order it wrong and be sent to the back of the line. Cause they do that there, apparently. And you know what that's just rude! But hear me out cause that's not why I'm all mad and stuff. Because it's after the 30 minute wait in the cold -- yet before the first bite of plllllppp cheesesteak -- that the fury begins. Because in that window of time, ladies and gentlemen, you're surrounded by shamelessly RACIST propaganda all over the walls of the actual establishment. Have you ever seen a person or a place actually boast about being a complete racist? It's strange, it's unsettling, and if I didn't have a healthy appetite almost always I would probably say unappetizing. A bunch of bigots, I say! Bloody bigots! So what I suggest is to, honestly, forget the tourist trap all together. Ask a local where the REAL cheese steak is, because I'm telling you this place ain't it by a long shot.  But if you just gotta go for the experience nonetheless, in the very least go to Pat's first when you're actually hungry for semi-decent food. I say order a "wit whiz" and grab a couple hot peppers to spice up the experience. Ketchup on the side is also nice. Ask for no ice if you order a soda, cause they gip you with a cup full of ice (both places do). But all together, don't support a mediocre establishment like Geno's. Because let's face it they're only in business because of some misguided food rivalry that got started who-knows-how. And cause it's obvious that not only do they have no pride in food quality, they have little respect for their patrons (dude, those guys are pushy) or for an entire race of people with their totally ludicrous displays of asinine, ignorant, flat-out racist propaganda. Man! This place totally ruined my feel-good vibe for, like, a solid hour! That lasts longer than the heartburn! Geno's, I'm sorry to tell you, but you kinda suck big time in  the categories of deliciousness and, apparently, moral fiber. I award you no points.
