Je suis en amour avec vous Penelope! (Shhhhh, don't tell my GF!!) Definitely has a top spot in my book of brunch places in Manhattan. Great food, dainty /cutesy place, great ambiance. What else is there to ask? FOOD: Came on a brunch date with the GF and it was Delish. the two of us ordered 1) Salmon Wrapped Poached Eggs - The GF got this one and it was delish! The eggs were poached perfectly and were runny when opened. The salmon was thinly sliced, tasted fresh and wrapped around. The entire dish is actually very filling. It comes with salad and a nice Hollandaise on top like the usual benedicts.  They executed it perfectly and was brought out hot right off the skillet. The brunch deal came with either a mimosa or a coffee & OJ! We got the latter even though the GF was craving some alcohol, but since I was being fussy and wanted OJ she opted out and got the latter...aw Thx boo! You are SO Awesome! 2)   Penny Egg Sandwich - Many yelp reviewers said to try this, but my gf got it last time and said she didn't like it all that much. However she did say she got the soysauge and that may be why she didn't like it so much. I couldn't resist after reading the full menu and that dish seemed to be the most captivating and delicious sounding to me. I went with it and was happily satisfied. IT WAS SO GOOD! I got it with bacon, and a croissant. The eggs were cooked just perfectly, not overcooked and not under where its way too runny! (They were so soft!) The cheese melted in between and it was the best breakfast sandwich I have had in a LONG LONG time. I gobbled it up so fast! SERVICE: They were nice, someone flustered with the amount of people in there, and all MALE! lol. Don't know why, but when we went all male hosts and waiters and what not. Overall, above avg service. ATMOSPHERE: Where they got a lot of points. Really cute and dainty. Got a really French-esque family brunch store vibe. Really cute and when they have their windows open, it becomes very inviting and transparent with the outdoors.  Love it! SUMMARY: Great spot for a brunch date! I recommend the two we got, Salmon wrapped poached eggs and the Penny egg sandwich is a must must must! I would stay away from the soysauge as the protein though. SECRET TIP: They don't take ressies so when you come and put your name on the list, put your number down. They don't ask for your number and it speeds up your wait TREMENDOUSLY. Sometimes when your sitting outside or go elsewhere to burn time, you will go for that length of time, but the automated system will buzz you and let you know you are 5 min away from being seated. People will see the long wait and some will still put their name down and just leave and sometimes, they just have the wait time estimate off so our 1 hour wait turned into a 20 min wait! SO AWESOME! we have been turned away once cause the wait was too long and this was a great way to start off our day with such a hook up! I felt so clutch for doing that! : D
