This was my second time to Balthazar in as many years and I was less impressed on my second visit.   The first visit was New Years Eve and it was crowded and the service was a bit pushy.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt as I assumed they were trying to get people in and out pretty quickly for the busy night. Last night I was with 6 colleagues and I was a little underwhelmed by the experience.  A few reasons: - We were seated at a table that was more suited for 2 than 4 (it was a small round table but they didn't have the table leafs (leaves??) up, so it was even smaller than a small round table).  It was evident that the table was too small when even just the water and wine came, but even when a larger table opened behind us (and was never filled) they didn't suggest a move (btw, I had reservations, so it wasn't as if they just tried to squeeze us in) - We ordered several bottles of wine, the first of which was vinegar like and we sent back.  When we sent it back, the sommelier came to our table and tried to convince us that the vinegar smelling / tasting wine was completely fine and that we should just decant it.  I'm not going to pretend to know anything about wine, but if we send something back because it tastes like vinegar (and we plan to replace it with another bottle), shouldn't they just accept that? It's not like we asked them to open and then sent back a $300 bottle - it was probably more like $40-$50... Anyway... - The service was decent, but not great.  I felt like people were on top of us to remove plates (probably because they had no where to put additional dishes), but it made parts of the meal feel way more rushed than it needed to. - I ordered my stake with little pink and it came out with mostly red and was really dry. I guess I just wasn't impressed.  The appetizers and desserts were very good and I think others enjoyed their meals a bit more than I did.   I don't think I'll be giving Balthazar another try, if for no other reason than it was really cramped and the servers were snooty.
