I agree, this place should be called The Meatball Shoppe. I came in at about 9pm on a Monday night and this place was PACKED. I could have sworn the lady told me the wait was 1hr and a half! I said no thank you. I went to the takeout counter, if you could call it that. There is NO space in this place, not even to stand to order takeout. I was pushed around at least 10 times while waiting to order. I dont know how the waiters put up with that. This place should be less formal, after all they serve meatballs! The waiter thing is overkill, and causes the wait to be longer. Especially considering how small the place is, you should be able to order and sit as it becomes available. The most spacious place was the 1 bathroom, which actually had walking space and had cute vintage decor. Also they should have beepers for takeout so you can wait outside since it is sooo crowded. NOw to the meatballs themselves..... I ordered the beef meatball smash with classic tomato and provolone cheese. It came with a small arugula side salad with apples for $7. The arugula was BITTER, which eating the sweet crunchy apple helped. I would prefer spring greens, thank you. The actual meatballs were tasty but...THEY WERE JUST MEATBALLS! While the "brioche" bun they were placed on was toasted, it just became a soggy mess. The meatball was tender but needed more spices. I had the chocolate chip ice cream sandwich with vanilla. What a DISAPPOINTMENT! The cookie did not have chunks of chocolate like I like, instead was blended into the cookie. Then it was thin and could not hold up the thick layer of ice cream. Blah! The ice cream itself was flavorful and had specks of vanilla in it. But for $4 no thank you! Overall, I would order delivery if I lived nearby...do they even had delivery, not sure? If they are not busy when you come by, do try it otherwise avoid the headahce of the takeout "counter" or waiting over 1hr for a seat. They either need to expand or change it to a casual dining place WITHOUT waiter service.
