I am not really a Lebanese cuisine aficionado but this is one of the better places to serve it up. Not sure why people are calling it "fancy"- the space is pretty modern-big and open with dimmed lighting at the bar.  I wouldn't call it particularly fancy- I would be comfortable wearing leggings or denim here.  Then again I'm naturally pretty glamorous so who knows...   Food *Labne- tasted just like tzatziki but with a nicer texture.   *Brussel sprouts- normally hate them but was coaxed into ordering them- turned out to be surprisingly tasty and I wound up eating the whole plate myself. *Kibbeh Naya (steak tartar) didn't taste much like steak tartar at all.  Edible but not enjoyable. *Manti pasta sounded good but was greasy and the stuffing was reminiscent of store made tortellini. *Kashkawan Cheese - Sounds delicious (duck egg/desert truffle) but just tastes like a greasy mess of questionable ingredients... *Mekanek - waiter insisted I order this even though I was doubtful.  Didn't like it- tasted like greasy, oily, sausage which is essentially what it was. I wanted to try the lamb ribs but the waiter advised against it.  Also wanted to try the quail but they were sold out. Dessert: *Caramelized banana Bread Pudding- Delicious- moist and great condiments. *Acchta- Nice fluffy texture but not something I could finish alone. *Ice Cream- REALLY disappointing.  I had read on Grub Street about the "chewy" ice cream- there's nothing chewy about it, and not tasty at all.  Usually I love exotic flavors and fun textures but this is barely edible.  They should ditch the ice cream and source from Laboratorio del Gelato- think everyone would be happier that way.   Cocktails- there's a full bar but the cocktail list consists of 5 drinks. They are all well made though and most people would be happy with one of them. I love elderflower liquor so a plus that they have that in one or two of the drinks. Switched servers a couple times- a couple of them were really knowledgeable and friendly another one had no idea what they were doing- from what I understood he was in training.   I would recommend this to anyone into Lebanese cuisine or for business lunch in the west 20s.  Also recommend getting a Lebanese waiter who knows what they are talking about.
