This is my new favorite place to eat and this is my first 5 star rating.  We made reservations for an early dinner at 6:30, showed up before then and were seated immediately. Glad we did because it filled in very quickly.   As others have stated, the ambience and decor are very cozy and romantic. There were so many large floral arrangements filled with roses that the whole room smelled of roses!   Having traveled to Spain on many occasions and tasting the different cuisines of its various regions, this menu brought back good memories. They have a real Iberian cured ham discretely hanging in a window so you could see from the dining room if you looked for it! On to the food. We ordered the squid ink croquettes that were served over a sliver of creamy goat cheese sauce. Highly recommend this dish!!  They looked like truffles and were served within 10 min of ordering. Then the fried garbanzo beans flavored with smoked paprika and mint. Yum! As we were indulging in the last of the croquettes, our artichokes with beets, pine nuts and capers arrived. Perfection! Then our pulpos (grilled octopus) with garlic roasted fingerling potatoes came. The octopus was actually chewier than expected, we had some thick tentacles, but it was still good.  Our last small plate was a rabbit pasta dish with seared scallop.  Very flavorful but a tad salty for me. However, I am sensitive to salty food, so this probably wouldn't taste salty to most. No stars knocked for the octopus and pasta as they were still enjoyable. Although our server said the entree would require 30-45 min to prepare, our tapas came quickly and perfectly timed, we didn't even notice a wait for the entree. We selected the suckling pig entree to share and it came with a salad.  This was a very large serving, easily shared by two or more if you are ordering more tapas. The skin was perfectly crisp, meat so tender it literally melts in your mouth. Salad was the perfect compliment to counter the saltiness of the pig. Lastly, the service was wonderful. Everyone was attentive, paid attention to detail and were all very knowledgable about the food. We had a relaxing dinner in a restaurant that has an intimate yet energetic atmosphere.  Will be back again!
