Finally, somewhere in NYC that can actually make  decent fried chicken. I say finally because I've tried it at lots of places. I'll never understand how some of restaurants in NYC get credit for making "good" fried chicken. Peaches Hot House is the only place I've experienced that deserves such praise. They obviously use the method my family uses, which is a double buttermilk coating with seasoned flour. It's what insures an amazing crust that sticks to the chicken. It's good stuff, though I take issue with it because it seemed deep fried instead of pan fried (the deep frying insures an even frying but sometimes it over-fries portion of the chicken), but as I said it is still very good. They claim the extra hot stuff is incendiary, but I asked for extra hot sauce (I made the mistake of rubbing my eyes midway through the meal, which caused a temporary medical issue with my eye, notes to everyone, don't rub your eyes after eating the extra hot stuff!). The sides were equally good, the Kale and mashed potatoes were very fresh and delicious, much healthier than the usual Southern variety. The big let down was the cornbread, that was obviously prepared that morning and then heated up, it seemed like warm dry cake instead of hot moist cornbread. Perhaps the standout dishes of the evening were our appetizer and dessert. We ordered the fried green tomatos, they were amazing but they cheated and added bacon, which makes everything amazing right? The mustardy sauce that came with them was great, without the bacon they aren't as good as what we make back South, but I'll be damned what an innovation!!!! I'll be utilizing it myself the next time I make them. The dessert was wonderful, a double chocolate pound cake with fresh frosting. This was the perfect end to a heavy dinner, it made us even more full but in a great way. Delicious. Their drink list is excellent and they cleverly name their cocktails after great  Southern Blues and Jazz musicians, anywhere that names a drink after the great R.L. Burnside is cool in my book. My wife had a Billie Holiday which was amazing. Their beer list is small but very good, they have a range: an  IPA, a good Lager, a pilsner, a heffeweizen, and an excellent porter for after your meal. The staff was very friendly and highly efficient, we were never left unattended for longer than 5 minutes. Our drinks were always full and the meal came out fast. All in all I was really surprised by this place. It's a bit pricey for the neighborhood, but the food and service are worth it. If you'r a Southern expatriate or simply  enjoy Southern food give this place a shot. I'm sure you'll enjoy. Go early though because it is a very small space and by the time we left (7:30) there was a short line forming outside. Go though, and enjoy!!
