I am a huge fan of Yerba Buena, the food is interesting and prepared with great care.  Not only do they have a variety of traditional Latin favorites, they also serve inspired original dishes.  I've just been there for the third time, and a great example of a new take on an old favorite is the shrimp empanada with feta cheese, a flakey crust, and a delicious sweet drizzle of what exactly I don't recall. However, our whole table was enthralled with the dish, and they should definitely add it to the regular menu (it was a special).  Another excellent appetizer is the Picada, a starch fest so stay away if you're afraid of carbs, but for everyone else I highly recommend it as a table-sharere and a supplement to a more sophisticated app. As for drinks, the Poquito Picante is my new obsession, although it's a shame because I find myself longing for them when I am out drinking at other places; and I wouldn't even think it right, let alone possible, to ask another bartender to try and make one.  They probably couldn't make it as good as the awesome bartenders at YB.  Whiskey Smash is also a great drink. As I have seen many people mentioning the suckling pig  entree, I'll not turn this into an echo-chamber; but it is indeed one of their best dishes.  The short-ribs are also a notable favorite; incredibly tender and well dressed with a pomegranate glaze that provides a nice contrast to the richness of the meat.  I've also had the Ribeye which is fantastic, and most recently, their Sirloin special with 3 sauces and spicy fries.  Both steaks were equally good, not the best steak in the world, but very good non-the-less. For desert, all you need to know is two words: tres-leches.  Enough said. YB does not have many down points, but where it lost credit for me is in the following areas. 1) While the service is very good, and the staff is friendly and loving, they are not the most attentive bunch.  At times they can be a little bit slow to attend to you, as I noted having to signal the waiter a little more than one should. Also, and this may be nit-picking, but I felt it was worth mentioning; a regular coffee is $3 on the dessert menu.  Even in NYC $3 is towards the high-end of coffee prices and if you're going to charge that much fine, but the coffee better be damn good-and this wasn't.  For comparison, Abraco, the well-touted and worth-the-hype coffee they serve is $3.50 and worth every penny (obviously different because it isn't a restaurant, but still...YB shouldn't be charging $3 for a reg coffee that is most likely beans bought from the Ave A key food lol). All in all, YB in the LES is incredible and I think everyone should go there at least once.
