I loved this place! What a find! I was visiting Philly that day (Oct 27th)..tourist stuff..liberty bell, independence hall, etc. with my boyfriend, his nephew, his father, nephew's wife and wife's father. We came separately on the tours but got together in time for lunch. We yelped close by places and this place came up..I think I latched on to the menu item Fried Green Tomatoes app as well as Bacon Grease popcorn  and that they had BBQ...so we trekked down about a 1/2 mile and came upon this funky little place and got a table quickly. We had to try the bacon grease popcorn to start and ordered a bag for the table. We should have ordered more! Gosh darn yummo!! Just enough bacon flavor with the cajun seasonings..perfection! I ordered the tomatoes and my boyfriend and I split a 3 meat plate that was chicken and 2 orders of ribs. Our sides were the mac and cheese, collard greens and coleslaw. Our family ordered various things like the brisket sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, etc. No complaints all the way around. The three sauces they put on the table were all delicious. I loved the south carolina vinegar base and the St Louis style tomato based. Both were delicious slathered on the chicken and ribs. The fried green tomatoes were perfectly tangy with a light crunchy cornmeal crust. The dipping sauce was nice too. I think it was chipotle based. yum! As for the sides. The mac and cheese was cheesy, creamy yumminess. Usually mac and cheese is boring at BBQ places..standard velveeta like dried up crap. This was fresh and the stringy cheese melted perfectly..tasted like it was made with cream too..just wish we had more than a tiny bowl to share! The greens were still slightly firm which I like. I prefer greens made with ham hocks but these were vegan version..so lacked that extra flavor from the hocks but were still good. The coleslaw was crunchy but perhaps our only slight disappointment as it tasted a little too salty. I preferred it over an overly sweet slaw, but maybe needed some salt adjustment or SOME sweetness to counterbalance..but I would not avoid the place based on that one minor dislike. I enjoyed two blackberry mint juleps..the regular version as the frozen machine was not working..but they were fresh and lovely! We overate here with reckless abandon and would do so again..if only they would open a 2nd shop in San Francisco. I told the lovely waitress to work on that with the owner! :-) Please local Philly people..keep eating here so if we ever make it back to Philly this place is still here!! Worth every bite!!
