I had halal cart SOBER & INTOXICATED SOBER - 5 stars We were looking for a midnight snack since we were hungry after our Broadway show. We walked our way to 53rd St. and 6th Av only to find the lovely Halal cart right across the street from the Hyatt. SCORE!! There were about 15 people in line at approx 11pm on a Thursday night. We waited about 5 minutes and the whole time I was thinking that I would probably eat this nightly if I stayed at the Hyatt. Anyway, we paid $6, received our food, and we were good to go. I have to add that the worker was quite pissy when I told him I wanted it to-go when he had already stuck a fork in it as if I was going to eat it on the spot. Screw you too, Halal cart man! Don't forget to grab two or three containers of the white sauce and one small container of the red. We got down to the subway and trekked our way back to the hotel. We devoured this in less than 10 minutes. IT HIT THE SPOT. The lamb was spot on, the chicken was mildly dry (hence the need for white sauce), the lettuce was fresh and crisp, the rice was cooked right, and the pita bread was soft and hot. I was sad that they only gave me 2 small pieces. TWO? THAT'S IT? Psh. INTOXICATED - 4 stars After a Saturday night out in the LES, we took a cab to MTE to get some more halal cart! We were craving it so much. This time, at about 3am on a Friday night, there were 30 people in line. WOW. We got our food and this time, one of the workers was pissy when I asked for togo containers filled with white sauce. He asked me if I could use the sauces on the side and I said no, you have containers right there, give it to me!! We took it back to the hotel again and scarfed it down. This time, something was slightly off. Maybe it was because we had Gray's Papaya beforehand (heh heh heh) so we weren't hungry but I'm not quite sure. But I will say, I did get more pita bread this time! Yay! Did you know there are two Halal Carts on 53rd St. and 6th Av.? SE and SW corners. Does anyone know what the white sauce is made of? Ranch? Yogurt? Goodness?? Oh and yeah, I still can't figure out why Halal Cart didn't taste as good drunk as it did sober. Can someone explain this? Because I sure can't. Overall, I think I'll be back to Halal Cart when I return to NY.
