I had been itching to try Frankford Hall since I read about the place on Yelp. I was a fan of the old Ludwig's Garten (closed), and was interested in another German pub for whenever I get the itch for that thing. I used to get Aventinus Schneider on tap at Ludwig's. This is a particularly potent brew (13% or so). They had it in 16 oz bottles. The first thing I noticed was that the crowd was very young and preppy, which didn't really bother me. Everyone seemed cool. I went out to the beer garden, which was super cool. It's outdoors with tables and ping pong tables which were being enjoyed by the patrons. Gas heaters took away the fall chill. There is a food window there where you order from. The people at the food window were  polite and helpful. I ordered a knockwurst with red cabbage. You can choose red cabbage or sauerkraut. I also ordered spaetzle. The only spaetzle I had ever had before was the kind in your frozen Bird's Eye green beans, and I did remember liking that. The spaetzle was made with bacon. Honestly, I didn't care for the spaetzle. It tasted greasy, maybe because of the bacon fat. Keep in mind, I'm no expert on spaetzle, so I have nothing to compare it to. The knockwurst was good as was the red cabbage. I don't know if it was a house-made knockwurst or not. Overall, the food was good but not great. Keep in mind too that I only had one knockwurst. Maybe some of the dishes are more memorable. The atmosphere, however, was great. Frankford Hall is definitely a cool place to come hang out . It is clean, well-managed, and has a friendly clientele. It's not as authentically German as Ludwig's was, but it's definitely worth your while to come here. 12/18/2011 Stopped by this afternoon with a friend for a drink and a bite. I ordered the bratwurst with red cabbage and a side of German potato salad. My friend got a cheeseburger with fries & curry ketchup. We had a really nice barmaid named Sarah, who was cool and personable. The food came out lightening quick, but did not seem at all thrown together. The brat was cooked perfect and served on a toasted bun. The red cabbage was tasty, and disappeared quick. My friend reported that her burger was tasty. Sarah told us that the ground beef was of particularly high quality (she mentioned that the ground beef was the same sold to a high end restaurant in town, but who really knows?) The German potato salad was very good. I am a fan of Brauhaus Schmitz, but their German potato salad sucks. Frankford Hall's G potato salad is exponentially better. For $4, they give you a decent sized portion that 2 people can share. Overall, the food seemed better than on my first visit. Sarah and I both discussed the absence of Donner Kabobs (the German gyro) on the menu at F.H. I suggest to the owners that, if they consider adding this item to the menu, to try the Donner Kabob at Brauhaus Schmitz. I think theirs' is the ideal to strive for. All in all, thoroughly enjoyed my latest visit to Frankford Hall. It's a worthy stop by any measure.
