Where can you find -- food that doesn't skimp on flavour with plenty options for the carnivores and herbivores tables for big and small parties great ambience friendly service without breaking my wallet in a cool neighbourhood? Umm, well, if you haven't yet guessed the answer, go read a different review. Okay fine I was lying about the cool neighbourhood part (no offense if you love this area. After all it hosts the museum of sex). I discovered Ilili this fall and have been here several times since. Right from the smiling coat check lady to the recomendations from the servers to the lady in the bathroom who hands you paper napkins to wipe your hand (maybe that one's a bit creepy), the service element is impressive. Now on to the food and drinks. The drinks, while pretty strong, usually hit the mark with the flavour and ingredients. The bourbon+orange flower water cocktail is my favourite, while I remember being less impressed with the phoenician lemonade. They also serve Arak, an anise flavoured grape liquor - similar to Ouzo but poured ceremoniously in the Lebanese fashion into ice cold water, transforming the clear liquid into a milky emulsion.. ahh magic. Sorry I got carried away there. I just love anise so much. I always try to come to Ilili in a big group because that means I get to sample many many of the dishes that I have come to love. Their warak enab is excellent , as is the baba ghanoush, hummus and labne. Also big hits are the phoenician fries and the batata harra, that have a nice kick from the spices. I am less fascinated by the mouhamara (a bit bland) and the warm eggplant (ooh those tamarind molasses make my mouth pucker!). The brussel sprouts dish is insanely yummy, but I must warn you it was made for a sweet tooth. The grapes cut the richness and the walnuts complement the sweetness of the dish. And you can use that unlimited supply of fresh, fluffy, hot pita to mop up the last bits of the fig puree/mint yogurt from the bowl. It's just insane, what else can I say. After reading Atif's review, I went back there again and this time I tried the famous candy bar dessert. It is creamy and rich with its chocolate ganache and fig caramel, and has the perfect crunch at the bottom. *dreamy eye* + *drool*. I would recommend Ilili in a heartbeat.
