Use to love the food at the old location so i definately was going to give the new one a try.  The 1st time i went was for dinner.  I ordered the Plato Don and it was great. The service was very good but wasnt sold on the Mezcal Margarita mixes, so i stuck to just rum and coke. You cant go wrong with that.   2nd time i went was for Lunch and also had good timely service, food and portions were very good.  No complaints at all. Now for my 3rd maybe final time, i went for Brunch on a Sunday.  Got seated right away, but why did i wait exactly 15minutes before we were even served water.  Then after the water the waitress disapppeared again, then returned to take our order. At this point i should've just left because the service got worst.  We ordered 2 sodas.  I asked for a glass with ice on the side.  10 minutes later the soda came in a bottle, no glass with ice, so i had to remind the waitress again.  Then she drops on the table a mug with about 5 small ice cubes in it, so i right away flagged her down and asked her for some more ice.  She takes the cup and brings me more ice, and guess what? No straw.  So i nicely ask for a straw.  She goes to the bar and brings rolled up in a napkin 4 little red cocktail straws for us to drink soda with from a mug.  Now you tell me how in the hell is this possible.  I at this point left the straw on the table and just drank straight from the mug.  Its so tiring to have to be after a waitress for such simple things.  I noticed everyone that was coming in after me was seated and attended to right away.  Everyone got their guacamole and tostadas on their table, of course we never did and i just didnt bother asking at this point.   No complaints about the food but there is no excuse for such very poor service.  My brunch guest was very dissapointed and said she didnt think she was going to return.   Management needs to make it clear whether service is going to be equally the same for everyone or just lousy for the ones the wait staff feels they dont like.  I still ended up leaving a minimal tip of $10 even though it wasnt deserved. I dont like the fact that the seats are too close together.  You literally have to put your butt across someone elses table to get through the seats.  Maybe if they lose 1 or 2 tables it will fix this problem.
