Came in one morning of my trip to have brunch with my girlfriend. There was an initial hour wait for two, but it wasn't bad since there was a coffee shop across the street. There's also an ATM on this side of the street, in case you didn't notice any of the indicators that this restaurant is "cash only". After the wait, we were seated pretty quickly and the service was spot on. The interior is nice and homey, if just a little bit crowded. Tables had to be shifted for us to get seated and for those around us that needed to be seated or to get out. It didn't bother me, but it still is a minor inconvenience. I think, where Clinton St. Baking Company falters is with the breakfast/brunch food. I ordered the crispy potato pancakes dish with a side of the house rosemary sausage patties and scrambled eggs. My girlfriend ordered the Southern Breakfast: two eggs, sugar-cured bacon, cheese grits, and fried green tomatoes. To drink, I had the Clinton St. Bloody Mary and she had orange juice. To start, my potato pancakes were crispy but they were also bland. I would have preferred a savory sauce instead of the apple sauce and cinnamon sour cream, but that's not a big deal; some extra salt and pepper made it better. The sausage patties were good but dry. You can definitely taste the rosemary in the patties, but it's not overwhelming. My scrambled eggs were typical of diner-style scrambled eggs, slightly rubbery and under-seasoned. The worst tasting part of the meal was the bloody mary; it tasted like a combination of watered down bad vodka and cheap bloody mary mix. I would say the saving grace to the meal would have been my girlfriend's cheese grits, which I could eat a whole bowlful of, and the fried green tomatoes. Her bacon was soggy and limp, though her eggs over easy were fine. We wondered why the plate didn't come with some toast, but instead, it would have cost an extra $2. Overall, I felt like the food was rushed. Maybe the restaurant wanted to move customers in and out as fast as possible, but it really came at a detriment to the quality of the food and drink. Unfortunately, I won't get a chance to try out their much hyped pancakes as I doubt I'll ever be eating here again to try them out.
