BEST PIZZA I'VE EVER EATTEN, hands down. Yes, I've been to Italy for the absolute authentic grub, and I grew up eating all kinds of pizza, from gourmet restaurants to $0.99 pizzas I found at my local grocery store freezer when I was ballin' on a budget during undergrad.  Upon my first bite at Grimaldi's, I was highly impressed, and by the time I finished off the crust on my first slice, all other pizzas were wiped clean from my memory.   This place first came to my attention when I saw a friend post a pic of it on her Facebook status.  Even with a blurry cell phone pic, I asked her "What the? Where the? How the? That looks hella goooood!"  I knew this had to be a place to check out. First time I went was a weekday around 1:30pm or so.  The line was around a 35min wait, which is reasonable from what I've experienced on future visits.  The only bad thing was standing in the heat.  NYC's heat wave was nipping at our heels this particular week, and we were all suffering.  To relieve us the friendly hostess scooted the line up as much as possible as to efficiently use the shade from the tree, haha.  The novelty shop next door lets you rent chairs if you really can't stand up any longer, and here's a tip: it's well conditioned in there so rotate shifts with whoever you are with so you don't get heat stroke! Finally getting our name called, I walked into a large room with the walls adorned with badges of honor that any prestigious NYC restaurant has earned.  This usually consists of certificates of recognition from Zagat or CitySearch, and of course, signed photos with celebrities who've visited.  If you're going with only one person, as I did on my first and second visit, you're seated across from your eating partner, sitting right next to other people who are also sitting across from their friends.  It's close enough to be considered elbow to elbow by some people, but as a 6'0 male, I was still pretty comfortable. It actually adds a nice intimacy to the experience.  I started chatting to the lady next to me who was from Texas with her son.  A new friend who I'll never speak to or see again! But if you get too excited after taking your first bite, you can easily knock over your neighbor's pizza.  On my other visit, I came with two others, so we were sat along the wall where other groups of 3 or larger are placed. I looked at the menu ahead of time, and my brother and I decided that if we were to wait this long for a pizza, we might as well order the big shebang.  From the wise words of Redman, "If you're going to be a monkey, be a gorilla." And that we were.  We ordered the large, and pretty much ordered half the toppings menu.  We added Pepperoni, Sausage, Ham, Garlic, Olive, Onions, and Sun Dried Tomatoes.  After promptly taking our order, the pizza came out quite fast.  Coming out fresh, and not too hot, it was ready to be eaten ASAP.  I love thin crust pizzas, and this slice fit the bill.  You can use the fork and knife to eat those first few bites, because with that many toppings, the slice is bound to flop over.  But this is easily handled by folding the slice as other natives do.  The toppings are fresh and delicious and the cheese has melted perfectly as shown by the drapes of cheese that connect the slice to the rest of the pie as you place it on your plate.  The crust is the best part.  There definitely is something in the NYC water b/c the crust was thin, crispy on the outside, but somehow maintained a chewy, moist inside.  Best pizza crust I've ever had! I love how the cheese and toppings don't slide off the crust as well. Bite after bite, I couldn't stop, and neither could my brother. I thought that a large and all those toppings would be enough to have a slice or two leftover to give to my girlfriend, but we polished that pan off mad quickly.  Loved this place so much I came back one a week for the next 3 weeks.   On the proceeding visits, I eased up on the toppings and it actually tasted even better since my taste buds were not overwhelmed.  My only gripe(very very minor!) was how salty the olives were.  My brother is a huge olive/artichoke type of person and he too said these were too salty.   This place is legit.  It's set a bar (a very high one) for all pizzas to be eaten from here on out.
