I am one of those who ended up at Rye at the behest of a friend who became somewhat incoherent describing their meatloaf sandwich.  I was to discover there's more to like at this all-around excellent neighborhood restaurant. Decor is masculine, yet accessible.  Channels old-fashioned saloon, with sleek dark-wood furniture and columns, very dim lighting at night.  Their oft-noted cocktails can be had at their comfortable bar, or to accompany the very good food menu, which is trim, diverse, and appealing.  The food skews toward hearty, the style New American, with inspirations and ingredients both international and local.  A prix fix three-course meal is also offered. Rye's famed meatloaf sandwich, listed under their "Favorites" section, is truly marvelous.  Arguably, I'm already biased, being fond of meatloaf, meatballs, and the like, but this beauty was decadent, succulent, and a flavor bomb.  Rye makes the meatloaf with a quartet of meats (beef, veal, pork, duck), and sandwiches a huge hunk of it between crusty bread, crispy buttermilk fried onions, and lettuce smothered in a creamy sauce.  The experience of eating it is hard to describe, although blissful works.  So good was it that I've had it (or at least a slice of it) at every visit, and I rarely repeat entrees. The rest of the food selection is not to be overshadowed.  Rye has a lot of good food options, well-prepared and flavored.  Fried brussels sprouts, showered in shaved parmesan, is an especial highlight.  The four cheese Mac and cheese sports a nice char and never-can-be-wrong bacon.  Grilled shrimp and scallop kebab was perfectly cooked and served with a refreshing, tart tomato salad.  Scotch egg one-ups the classic preparation with a crispy panko crust, coming pre-sliced in two with a delicious cheese sauce.  The single disappointment I can recall was a fried chicken on special that was dry and somewhat lacking in flavor, although the crust was delicious and the accompanying mashed potatoes fluffy, buttery, and addictive. Despite the cocktail rep, I've more often had beers.  Their cocktails are a good price for Brooklyn, and I'd consider it worthwhile to enjoy one at the bar with a few small plates.  Also a good list of spirits and wines. Rye is a great place for drinks and food.  The ambience is laid-back and service friendly.  And that meatball sandwich is unbelievable, enough that I have to return periodically for.
