It's good to be home. And by home, I mean back to a place where I grew up eating comfort foods and spending nothing more than $10 (my measly bi-weekly allowance back in junior high school) for my good eats. Doyers Street has always been one of my favorite places, only because it's quaint and makes me feel like I'm back in time when the Chinese immigrants first started occupying this part of Manhattan. The place isn't that hard to find if you know where you're going, but if you're wandering around, I'm sure you'll stumble upon this place. I went to Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles Inc. twice in a week. First, I brought my Indian-American friend when I had to take a trip to the orthodontist. I ordered the pan-fried chicken noodles, and she got the tofu and vegetable noodles in broth. The waitress reminds me of an anime character with her abrasive manner (but she's really nice), and her constant consumption of candy (I think lollipops are her favorite). We figured she had a thing with one of the cooks, since they were a little flirty when business was a little slow on this particular day. The pan-fried noodles were amazing. The portion was great and I almost couldn't finish. It's a little oily, but what do you expect? The tofu and vegetable noodles in broth, however, were delicious. The tofu comes on the side (and if you wish, you could dump it in the broth, but why would you want to do that?). It's marinated nicely in seasoning and soy sauce and definitely a little tricky to pick up with chopsticks. The second time I went, I brought my mother and brothers. I had no idea there was a basement. It was quaint, but only had about three tables (a six seater, a four seater, and another six seater). There were a few Americans in there that were laughing at the redundancy of the restaurant name. I mean, who cares? It's blunt, straight to the point, and you know what you're going to get, unlike a restaurant named "GOLDEN DRAGON RESTAURAUNT". I don't think they serve golden dragons. At least, it won't be on the menu. We ordered the duck noodles in broth, the fish ball noodles in broth, the beef noodles in broth, tofu and vegetable noodles in broth, and pan-fried chicken "chow neen go" (which were Shanghainese pan-fried noodles shaped like platelets). Surprisingly, we weren't disappointed. Usually when I go back to the restaurant a second time (and especially when I bring my mom somewhere to eat), we strike out and my mom goes crazy. You know, the stereotype about Type-A personality Asian mothers? Yeah, that's mine. The only problem we really had was that the "chow neen go" was extremely oily. Then again, you can't really pan-fry anything without oil and expect it to not stick together. So, all in all, I really like the low-maintenance of the place, the comfort factor, and the fact that I can spend less than $10 in here.
