The minute you walk into the restaurant, you can immediately decipher from the feel of the place that Chef Yasuda is a traditionalist and is dedicated to sticking true to the art of making sushi. The restaurant is airy and light, outfitted with bamboo walls, tables and ceiling.  The minimalist décor insinuates that the food and sushi are the focus here - Sushi samba it is not.  There's no loud music,  no gimmicky rolls with exotic ingredients - everything is fresh and above all, simple.  The way Chef Yasuda prepares his sushi is to highlight the flavors of the fish - not to mask them. There is even a note in the menu that the Chef recommends using soy sauce, wasabi and accompaniments very sparingly as not to disguise the flavors of the fish. Since this was a work lunch, our group of 4 was promptly seated at a table.  I really wanted to and would recommend to anyone going here to sit at the bar.   There's something humbling and intriguing about watching Chef Yasuda work - he's so delicate and diligent and efficient with the sushi - it's quite mesmerizing. As we settled in, we were given 2 menus: 1)  A sheet of paper highlighting the sushi and sashimi available for the day, with Chef Yasuda's recommendations circled in red.  The sheer variety of fish is outstanding ; it can be slightly overwhelming even to a non-beginner.  Next to each fish is a box where you input the number of orders you want.  Our waitress indicated that for one person - One roll and at least 5 varieties of the sushi/sashimi were recommended. 2) The second menu contained the drinks, appetizers, prix-fixe choices and various other items Our group opted for the prix-fixe, which included a soup/salad, chef's choice of sashimi, and a choice of a roll and four different types sushi/sashimi.  The fish tasted EXTREMELY fresh and delicate - the pieces almost melt in your mouth.  You can tell there was care in the preparation of the food. I even could distinctly tell the rice was different - it was very delicately seasoned and cooked perfectly.  I read in an interview somewhere that Yasuda uses two different grains of rice and that careful attention is paid to make sure that the exact proportion of rice is used in relation to the fish. Overall, I have to say this was probably the most authentic and fresh sushi I've had to date.  Life changing? Maybe not.  However, I did love the fact that I was having sushi the way it was intended in Japan and that there was respect and discipline for the practice of making it.  Sushi Yasuda is a place for fish lovers who want to take a journey and eat different varieties of the best fish around the world.  This was Chef Yasuda's intention, and he truly delivers....for this I give the place four stars.  I wasn't completely blown away, but I suspect it's because my palate may not be sophisticated enough to appreciate and enjoy all the exotic varieties of fish from a sushi purist's perspective. And for this I didn't want to punish the place in my review.  Sushi amateurs (yes, those of you who fall into the category of ordering California and spicy tuna rolls every time and drown them in spicy mayo) may have a diminished experience here if you are averse to the "fishy taste".  However, if you want fresh, exquisitely prepared fish without any of that trendy crap - then this is the place for you.
