I still like bubby's. the food is solid. I truly have never had a bad meal here however, the service is going downhill fast. for mother's day, we went for brunch. my meal and my husband's meal arrived 20 minutes apart. my daughter didn't eat much of her food so we had it wrapped up (it was a simple grilled cheese with fries... she's 2) and when we got home, she decided she was STARVING and we opened the box only to discover an untouched club sandwich and a salad, probably takeout. obviously we found this quite hilarious but I imagine the person who got a half eaten grilled cheese with half-bitten fries wasn't very impressed. on top of that mixup, the server was absolutely one of the most rude and unhappy people I have ever met. I know people have bad days but when you are in the service industry, you can't treat people that way (I used to work in a hotel and I know it's hard but you just slap a smile on and then the customer doesn't know you are miserable) he actually made me want to leave because he was so unpleasant. but I was starving so we stayed. a few weeks later we ordered takeout and they didn't include any of the sides with the main courses. they gave us a credit for all the sides but still... the point of ordering takeout is so that you don't have to make anything at home! and obviously I'm not just going to eat a piece of chicken by itself for dinner. however, bubby's is close and we like the food so we went back again, this time for father's day. again, we had a good laugh... this time, my husband ordered rhubarb pie for dessert with strawberry ice cream. the pie that came was not rhubarb and it came with whipped cream on the side. he politely explained that he wanted strawberry ice cream and the server first told him that the whipped cream was ice cream (which it clearly wasn't!!) and when my husband showed him that it was obviously whipped cream, the server returned with... neapolitan ice cream sandwiches. at this point, my husband decided not to bring up the fact that the pie wasn't rhubarb pie because we were a little nervous of what he would end up with. the other pie was good, but it wasn't rhubarb. both times, the manager was great and tried to fix everything which we did appreciate but while bubby's isn't expensive, it certainly isn't cheap and I don't need to pay for laughs... so hopefully it will be better in the future.
