As defined by wikipedia (my Godsend) - an osteria is an an Italian-style eating establishment where the emphasis is generally placed on maintaining a steady clientele rather than on haute cuisine.  Osteria in Italian literally means a place where the owner "hosts" people.  Food is generally regional and prepared with local recipes, and often served at shared tables. I've always been sort of an awards whore - and the realization that two James Beard award winners would have in some sort of way be preparing my meal made me giddy.  With the above definition of an osteria in mind, and thoughts of Vetri and Michaud, I gleefully skipped to my dining destination with visions of Italian grandmothers pinching me on my cheeks and immediately being greeted like a regular (even though I had no previous interaction with the two culinary giants).  I'm not of Italian descent so I knew my imagery was horribly and impossibly incorrect, but hey, maybe Marc and Jeff would pinch my cheeks? While my imagery of an osteria never came to be - what did happen was this: I was delighted and almost humbled by the food. My dining companion and I, both eight tentacled invertebrate lovers upon seeing the octopus appetizer on the menu, locked eyes and knew that we would be ordering the octopus.  And so we did.  It arrived on a luscious light bed of greens (argulua I believe), pillowy and star-like starchy potatoes, and of course a brilliantly slightly charred grilled octopus.  While this octopus antipasti didn't blow me away in creativity of well newfound and undiscovered tastiness, the technical precision and use of ingredients was brilliant.  When tasted separately, the individual components were just average, forgettable; however, as a whole the synergetic combination of the greens, potato, and octopus made the dish shine.  The greens, potato, and the ever-present-when-fish-is-around lemon strongly complemented and made the octopus all it could be. Next, came the primavera pizza.  I don't know why I ordered the primavera, I love my vegetables, but I don't like white pies - which is what the primavera was.  Given my stupidity, I can't give a fair assessment of the quality of the pie - I can only assume that people won't knowingly order something that they know they won't like.  And while it was tasty for a white pie, it was still a white pie and I'm a red pie man.  I love my tomatoes. Next came the star of the meal, the octopus ravioli.  I've had fresh pasta before, but I've never experienced pasta like the one I had at Osteria.  People say that truly great food should melt in your mouth.  You don't need to to chew; the food simply melt like butter does in the hot sun.  Osteria's masterful ravioli gave me a new sensation; the pasta quickly melted upon leaving me desperate for more.  I'd write a more vivid description but I like to think that yelp is a family friendly website, not a website for me to post erotic stories about food.  Marc Vetri, Jeff Michaud, I hate you both, you've spoiled my future pasta experiences (but please sir, can I have some more? PLEASE!) Service:  Average.  We had to wait longer than I'd like to inorder to order, but nothing disastrous happened.  My water hovered around near empty several times, but I never encountered a situation where I felt thirsty and was left with nothing to drink.  Wine was unmemorable but what do you expect when you order a glass of the house white? Let's go back to the definition of the osteria.  There were no grandma's cooking my meals - there were terrifically trained chefs at work who were hard at work cooking my meal (and sadly no sight of Jeff or Marc).  There was no rush of warm wind that brightened my mood and warmed me up as I walked through the doors of Osteria, but nonetheless, it was a fantastic meal.  Although the food was delicious, the service was a bit lacking and the feeling of the restaurant didn't match the feel of a traditional osteria.  The service wasn't warm and inviting - the server was sometimes cold and standoffish - our server didn't inspire that warm and fuzzy feeling that a real osteria should have.  Furthermore, there were inconsistences in the ambiance of the restaurant.  While most of the servers and chefs wore simple aprons and promoted a sense of casualness - notably amongst the staff were several members wearing formal attire.  Didn't ruin the night of course, but created an ambivalent atmosphere. Four stars.
