My boyfriend's cousin, who 1. has expensive taste and 2. had never been to Brooklyn, was visiting from Argentina and we wanted to show her that you don't have to go to Manhattan to get amazing food. I had never been to Traif but selected it based on it's outstanding Yelp reviews and we were definitely not let down food-wise, though my boyfriend thought the street it was on was ugly. Being that I am American, I made sure we arrived right on time for our reservation. It was perfect timing to sit and wait 40 minutes for our companions to arrive. The staff was so, so friendly and didn't seem pissed that we were holding a table, though it was a bit later than the usual dinner time. We sat at the bar, on the other side of which is the kitchen. It's teeny! Amazing how they can do what they do with what they've got. When the rest of our party arrived, we headed out to the cute, cozy and beautiful patio out back. It has a lovely arbor filled with greenery and fairy lights, so you really feel like you're tucked in. It's all candle-lit, so it's quite romantic, albeit a little dark. We settled in and our waiter came around to tell us about the menu, which is all tapas and arranged by size, the smallest being at the top of the menu. We selected a couple to start with - the stuffed corn cakes and the steak frites, both of which were outstanding. The corn cakes were perfectly piquant, the steak was tender and it came with a glorious sauce and blue cheese butter. It was also pre-sliced, perfect for sharing. Next we got the braised short-rib sliders and the scallops. The sliders were sweet and tangy, absolute perfection. The scallops were lovely, though I am trying to remember them now and I can't... lovely but I guess nothing terribly special. And I remember thinking there wasn't enough on the plate to warrant a $16 price-tag, compared with the large portion of steak for $18. I really enjoyed the whole experience at Traif. I loved the vibe - as with all tapas, you order, hangout, eat, enjoy, order again, hang out, eat, enjoy, repeat. It was a long, languid evening of pure delight. The food was delectable, the service was spot-on (shout out to our waiter who patiently stood there as we translated everything into Spanish), and the atmosphere was great.
