I can not understand how this place has such high marks. I found their whole business model to be ridiculous and a little offensive. I nearly gave this review 1 star but the decor was nice and the service was decent so I'll be generous with 2 stars. My first complaint is the whole serve-yourself-drinks model. Wait, I thought I was out at a restaurant, I have to get up and serve myself? And then, THEN, you get up to look at the beer fridges and there are douchebags standing around chatting, taking up whatever little room there is to SEE the beers you're supposed to serve yourself. I got so frustrated with the whole thing I didn't even get one of their many, many, bottles of beer and found their tap list to be unimpressive. My husband found the beers to be overpriced even for the types of beers they sell. The owners own a beer distributor, and they're getting deals on quantity, why are the beers here more expensive than anywhere else that sell the same beers?! We started with the buffalo calamari, which I think could have been very good but for the fact that it was overfried, almost to a detriment and so salty my husband stopped eating it, if I wasn't so hungry I would have stopped too! We also got one cheese and their rosemary honey to go with it. No complaints about the cheese and honey, they cut the cheese very well. My husband got the Drunken Pig with fries, and again, found the whole thing so salty he actually didn't even finish it. We're a fries lovin' couple and for us to leave a plate of fries is saying a lot. I tasted his sandwich and it was so salty it made my mouth water. I ordered the endive salad and it was fine. It was lacking in some brightness, maybe some cranberries or some kind of acidity would have made it better. It was just ok. When the waitress came over to take our plates and asked if we wanted to box up the sandwich, after hearing that we didn't she asked if it was ok. My husband let her know it was all way too salty, and she responded with, "well thanks for the feedback." Then gave us our check, didn't take off anything. And then you have to go take your check up the register and pay it yourself. I left wondering if all these positive reviewers tipped on the drinks they went and served themselves...
