Bruno's serves one of the three best Sicilian slices I've tried in North Jersey. Very surprising to me, because this place is located in a drab 1970s-era strip mall and has a very worn appearance, inside and out.  But it's apparently very popular with locals, and after eating here, I can see why. Unlike most North Jersey pizzerias, the Sicilian slice is served with the sauce atop the cheese rather than the reverse. This creates a tomato-and-basil-intensive flavor and a soft, gooey layer of cheese underneath, which is pleasing in both texture and flavor.  I only know of two other North Jersey pizzerias that prepare their square pies in this manner - Mr. Bruno's in Lyndhurst and Mr. Nino's in Harrison - and while all three are good, Bruno's in Clifton is the best of the bunch, with Mr. Bruno's in Lyndhurst a close second.   The main reason why Bruno's in Clifton edges out the other two sauce-over-cheese square slices is because the crust is better - it's crispy and somewhat oily (in a good way) on the outside yet still retains a nice chewiness and flavor on the inside.  The crusts at the other two spots are noticeably non-oily, which some may prefer because they're less messy to eat but IMO results in having less flavor.   Also, I think the sauce at Bruno's in Clifton is superior to all three places, as it's slightly chunky and zesty and has good flavor.  The sauce at Mr. Bruno's in Lyndhurst is good, too (they even sell jars of the stuff at the front of their restaurant), but IMO is lacking a little bit of "oomph" compared to Bruno's in Clifton.  The sauce at Mr. Nino's in Harrison is the blandest of the three by far. Again, though, I want to stress that I like all three of the places mentioned above, and would recommend any of them without hesitation. For those who aren't interested in the square slices, Bruno's does offer other stuff such as regular (round pie) slices, hot heroes such as chicken parm, pastas, and full-sized Italian-American entrees.  I've never tried any of these so I can't vouch for their quality, but for what it's worth, I did notice that a lot of the locals had ordered these dishes. I probably won't be trying any of those dishes anytime soon, though, since the Sicilian slices are obviously the star of the show.
