When Salt & Fat opened a few years ago, I would just sit and stare at their menu and wonder what it tasted like. But not many people wanted to brave such dietary conditions, so I never went. So obviously when a date (who is now my boyfriend, obviously because of his fabulous taste in food) suggested that we go to Salt & Fat, I was unable to contain my enthusiasm. Which might not be attractive given the title ingredients, but whatever. Someone wanted to go with me, and I needed to take advantage of this opportunity. We went on a Friday night with no reservations, and were told there'd be a half hour wait. This turned into more of a 45 minute/hour long wait, but I did not care. I honestly would have waited for longer. We waited in a nearby bar, and popped in after we hadn't heard from them for half an hour. We were seated by a friendly waitress who was attentive enough throughout the entire meal. First came the famed BACON FAT POPCORN. It tasted like a heart attack, but felt calorie-free. It was an addictive delight that I've been meaning to re-create but havent gotten around to yet. I had to stop myself from eating the entire bag lest I look like a glutton. The meatballs were probably the least best part of the meal, but the BLT pork buns were delicious. There were only three of them, which makes for an awkward moment on a third or fourth date, but my now-boyfriend was kind enough to give me the extra bun. He knows the way to this girl's heart. The LI duck breast was savory and moist. I would definitely get it again. We might have had another one of the appetizers (just because everything is so small, and we're hungry people), because I can't remember. We finished the meal with the marshmallow ice cream and rice krispies treat, which made me feel like a kid. We washed down the entire meal with a nice selection of beer for prices I'd expect more in Manhattan. All in all, my friends are jealous of my Salt and Fat date, and my boyfriend and I talk about coming back whenever we have the chance.
