Well, it seems much has changed at this Bella Vista gastropub since my glowing 4 star review of The Wishing Well 6 months ago. And not for the better. The Wishing Well's motto is "A restaurant trapped inside a bar." Sadly, this self-deprecating gesture of comic cuisine all too truly admits a crisis of identity. What does the Wishing Well intend to be, because I can't figure it out. Upon return visits, their cuisine has been wildly inconsistent in both offerings and even within the same item. Specifically, the Shame burger. Apparently, The Wishing Well has started a food challenge. It involves eating two full Shame burgers(see my original review for details on this), two orders of fries and two beers in 45 minutes. I was there the nite this glutinous endeavour was first attempted. It was really fun and interesting. Since I loved the Shame Burger so much the first time I got it, I ordered another one to eat alongside the eager competitors. The burger I got resembled nothing of the one I got my first visit or, for that matter, the burgers that were served for the challenge. There was only one patty, and it was a pathetic imitation of the delicious burger which I (embarrassingly) called the best in the city previously. The service barely acknowledged my fiance and I, far more interested in taping and documenting the in-progress challenge. I ordered a beer which sat waiting  to be delivered to me for (literally) 10 minutes.  When i sent it back, the waitress snarled. it was the most reaction my fiance and I got all nite. This experience is only one example of an inconsistent and unreliable menu. Twice, I have looked at the menu online before going and seen "New and Improved Menu." Looked it over. Got excited! Went in and... Different menu. Different beers. "Sorry, we dont have that tonight." "Sorry, we haven't updated the website." How difficult is it to updated a website? Think about it: This place has changed its menu 2 or 3 times in less than a year. Changes have been stewed over, considered and ultimately decided. Menus were printed, then laminated. Yet the most simple part, updating the site for diners, has been ignored. Both the menu and beer list are consistently wrong. What a SHAME...
