When a good friend brings you out to dinner and drinks at a place they like in a restaurant/bar-infested neighborhood like Astoria, Queens, you better believe it's going to be good. If it's not- maybe you need some new friends. Sweet Afton (and my friend) nailed it. Aesthetics are a huge part of what makes a place hang-out-able and I was blown away when I walked inside. My bar-loving side was attracted to the plentiful variety of seating, vintage wood-style furniture, delicious bar food and great beer selection, while the clean, dimly-lit ambiance, cozy back-room booths and fun drinks appealed to me as a female (or perhaps the girl you're looking to impress on a date). I was there on a Tuesday night in November for an early dinner and as it crept into the evening, the place went from cool and quiet, to packed and uppity. But let's face it, we went there for the food and booze, right?? So, here's the DL on the food... Although limited, the menu has a few staple "comfort" foods and a unique edge- great for an indecisive, Libra like myself. There are four or five cheese options for the grilled cheese that they serve with Brooklyn pickles and yummy spicy mustard and the burger was juicy and flavorful. It's definitely not a boring, bar burger. I was also impressed that they had a cheese plate and a decent wine selection to accompany it! I've had better fries, but they ARE hand cut, so that's a plus in my book. And the booze!? Along with about a dozen interesting beers on tap, I was so excited to see they served one of my favorite seasonal, local beers, Greenport's Leafpile. It's the little things, right? Also, because of the season, the owner had a pot of hot cider that he gladly mixed with spiced rum for a warming, unique drink which was a fantastic alternative to my usual vodka-soda. I would bring someone here to eat a casual dinner, to snack on some comfort food or to hang and have drinks with a group of friends. A great find! Oh- and don't forget to have a Brooklyn pickle juice pickle back shot! Yum.
