Rock on! Yuca Bar was recommended to us by a family relative living in NYC. Being a foodie, our cousin is always out on the prowl for great fare and from drinks to entree, Yuca Bar did not disappoint! Let me just start this by saying that being from Miami, hispanic restaurants are literally  "a dime a dozen" as the saying goes. I've been eating this food my entire life (over 30 years) and it is a rare occasion when I actually go out to eat spanish food because quite frankly, the home cooked stuff blows away the restaurants generally. This is the very reason why both my wife and I were blown away with Yuca Bar. We went for their $12 brunch menu (+$1 for seafood entrees) which offers about 10 different dishes to choose from, several different sides and both your choice of coffee or tea and your choice of an alcoholic beverage, either: sangria, glass of wine or margarita. We all choose the frozen margarita - being boozy and all - which was mixed very well and quite strong without being overpowering to the palate. For appetitzers we ordered the tostones with chimichurri which is a plantain dish in which the plantain is flash fried, then flattened and fried again to a nice golden brown, crispy texture and topped with homemade chimichurri which is completely homemade with olive oil, fresh chopped herbs and minced garlic....it was amazing and hands-down the best chimichurri I have every had! For entree's the wifey ordered arepas benedictos which is a grilled white corn cake topped with their "to die for" homemade guacamole sauce and 2 poached eggs. It came with a side of "hash browns" which were homestyle-cooked potatoes and sweet potatoes seasoned to perfection! Our cousin had the crab cakes which were so moist and had large, yet soft pieces of whole crab blended with herbs, topped with the aforementioned "TDF" gauc sauce and homestyle potatoes, as well. As for me, I chose the yuca benedictos which combined the already excellent "hash browns" with chunks of shrimp, grilled and tossed together, topped with "TDF" guac sauce and 2 poached eggs, cooked to perfection and all of it infused with that delicious latin flavor. I also ordered a side of black beans & white rice which I normally don't do since most restaurants use canned black beans, but not Yuca Bar. No sir, their cooks hand-made the black beans from scratch (just like family) slow-cooked, seasoned and soft, yet firm to the eat. It is about as close to that homemade flavor that you're bound to get without boiling a pot yourself at home! We all took bites from each other's meals, because we could not believe how good it all was! Needless to say, after our boozy brunch was over, we were completely stuffed. Everything we tried was delicious, the guacamole - to paraphrase - was "to die for" and as far as service was concerned, our waitress and the other serving staff couldn't have been more attentive to us from the minute we walked through the door to the second we left. Everyone was extremely nice, super helpful and it just added to the already perfect brunch! In other words, do yourself (and your taste buds) a favor and head over to Yuca Bar for an amazing brunch you'll not soon forget....and you're going to want to come back for again & again!
