Went on the first Monday they were open, their 2nd night.  Was worried a new place might be buggy, and although there were some opening week rough edges we were quite impressed.  Upper Montclair has been needing a really great neighborhood bistro, and I think this might be it.  Our diminutive waitress was quite knowledgable about the menu, friendly and unobtrusive.  My wife had a cocktail that was like a Cosmo with fig vodka- very nice- and I had something with Gin and cucumber that was honestly one of the best cocktails I've ever tasted- cool, complex and zingy.  We had the stuffed dates because we heard they were a specialty.  They were completely delicious.  Presentation could have been nicer- they were just sitting on a plate - but wow...completely delicious.  Watermelon, grapefruit and feta salad was refreshing.  A pasta with duck confit and fava beans was my favorite non-cocktail item; I love fava beans, especially when they are fresh, green and al dente like these were. We had a scallop entree that was a little on the rich & sweet side for my taste, but I was the only one who thought so.  Scallops were beautifully seared, and even the sweet cauliflower puree didn't come close to masking their fresh flavor.  Obviously, we didn't leave room for dessert, but we saw some beautiful things going by.  Next time we'll order lighter, maybe the dates (of course) and a salad and a flatbread (the one at the table next to ours looked great) and check out the desserts. Oh, and the Sangrias; there are like 10 different Sangrias on the menu.  Must try. One more thing; restaurants each have their own culture- you can feel the attitude when you walk in.  I've been to 2 previous restaurants that inhabited this space, and I have to say, I've never felt such warmth in this particular building.  The authentic and charming hostess, our wonderful waitress, the owner's brother making sure everyone was happy... even the clearly inexperienced busboy had his heart in the right place and seemed to really care that everything was good at our table.  I live in Montclair because of its sophisticated and casual warmth, and this restaurant feels like the town.
