I was in Hartford for the weekend, visiting my boyfriend for our anniversary.  Lo and behold it was "Taste of Hartford" Week (essentially, Restaurant Week).  But unlike, the NYC $35 per person for dinner, it's only $20.11 which is a great value. My bf made a ressie for Saturday night dinner here to celebrate our occasion.  He told me it's one of the fancier places in Hartford- which indeed is how it seems.  Dish has great decor- spacious with high ceilings, interesting, modern decor, and a nice water fountain display near the bathrooms.  Half of the place is a formal dining room, and the other half is a bar with live music. We both ordered from the Taste of Hartford menu- my bf's line-up was: 1) braised veal meatballs with ricotta and toasted bread, 2) pork tenderloin with grits, 3) "deconstructed" chocolate pie.    I didn't try the veal meatballs because I don't eat veal, but I had a slice of the buttery toast and it was amazing.  I loooove bread :).  Ricotta's always good, and my bf said this was a good albeit heavy starter.   His pork tenderloin had a great rub on it, so was seasoned really nicely (I tried a teeny piece), and his grits were awesome.  I love grits- they were yellowish so you'd think they were cheesy but truthfully lacked a little bit of flavor.  Presentation was nice though- the pork was cut up so that the pieces were stuck in the grits almost like a flower. My lineup: 1) the Butternut Squash Bisque with fried Monterey jack cheese strips atop and creme fraiche  (yum! my fave soup), 2) pan seared mahi mahi with a squash succotash and red pepper puree, 3) panna cotta with Special K  Red Berry cereal toppings (cute play on cereal with milk I think).  I loved my butternut squash soup- not really sure why it was considered a bisque, maybe it was a little creamier than usual (actually, very creamy- thanks to the creme fraiche).   It was very sweet, and churned really well (unlike the chunky butternut squash that I make) so the blend was nice.  The cheese strips were a good play on texture.  My mahi mahi was very fresh and seasoned well- so it came out juicy.  Nice sprinkle of cilantro atop and flavorful red pepper puree (though I felt this was more decorative- I didn't really use it with the fish, didn't need it).  The winter succotash was a little disappointing- it wasn't much of a succotash. More like mixed corn, lime beans and  other legumes. Desserts!  I left this for the conclusion.  Well, if you're wondering what a deconstructed chocolate pie is, well it's pretty much: chocolate mousse (which tasted more like pudding), pie crush crumble, and whipped cream.   It was kind of  lazy dessert- my bf who is a chocoholic didn't think much of this.  I tried it too and it was way too sweet for me, but I also am not super fond of chocolate.  My dessert was a bit more creative (at least in theme) and it was alright to good. I got the panna cotta- which is one my favorite desserts.  Unlike most I've tasted, this was wasn't as creamy (more flan-esque), and it didn't have a strong vanilla flavor.  It didn't have much flavor aside from tasting like whole milk - lots of it.  The dressing of Special K and splashes of milk was a nice play on texture.  Overall, good dessert but due to the nature of the meal and portions (which are of course bigger than NYC portions), I was SOOOO full. Food coma for both of us.  Blegh.  Service was polite and good- waitress made so-so recommendations (kind of just said "everything is yummy").  Of course it's not as formal as it is in NYC but we had no major hiccups.  Seems like they're regular a la carte menu has a lot of New American options.  It's pricey though- entrees start around $25 and up, so I thought what we had was a good deal.  The only thing that was mildly annoying was that you have to order the bread basket/chips; it's not complimentary.  Eating without a bread basket is just weird to me where most high end places go into a lot of thought on this. And for those of you who live in Hartford, seems like there are lots of lots nearby or street parking.  And...valet parking. I'd recommend, esp. for Taste of Hartford.
