OH MY GOODNESS. We came here for my friend's birthday (she found it here on Yelp) and we were a party of nine. We came on the later side on a Monday night and we occupied more than half the rather small dining room. But the waiter was friendly, started talking to us as he rearranged the tables to make room for us. After hearing that we had a birthday in our party, the staff started going above and beyond the call of duty. They brought out hush puppies, cornbread and banana bread for us just because. One person in our party ordered a gumbo, and they brought out a second bowl just so that everyone could try some. The birthday girl wanted strawberry lemonade, which had been on a previous version of the menu but not the current version, and they went out and bought strawberries so they could make it for her. (Best strawberry lemonade I've ever had. Soooooo delicious. When they have it, it's to die for!) Everyone in the restaurant was having a good time, the staff were so friendly, so helpful, and when the food came out it everyone fell silent. I personally had the Cajun fried chicken plate with sweet potatoes and mac n' cheese as my sides, and the mac and cheese was so good I forgot to give a friend the portion I had promised her before I ate it all. I tried a bite of my friend's blackened ribeye, the special that night - the glaze on the steak was so tasty, and the steak was distributed in such a generous proportion I was astounded. For $13, that size steak plus two sides was unbelievable. Since we were there at the end of the night, they brought out some leftovers to give to us as well. They don't serve alcohol there, but you can bring your own in, should you desire a beer with your meal. As we were finishing, the chef came by and sat down with us to have a beer with us, told us about his time cooking in various places, and told us about all the catering options, since we were begging for takeout menus at that point. They do catering, pig roasts, takeout, the works. I woke up dreaming of the mac and cheese this morning. I will be going back.
