The three big things I believe one should consider when reviewing a restaurant are atmosphere, food, and service.  I'll address these three criteria in this review. At Koto when you first enter, you find the concierge's podium and next to it a little artificial stream, with goldfish, that weaves around the restaurant.  Against the back wall (left of the entrance) is a bar and to its left is a hall that leads to two Hibachi rooms for private parties, the restrooms, and the kitchen.  Booths run around the perimeter of the restaurant with a break along the wall opposite the entrance. At this break in booths there are low tables where clientele can sit, traditional Japanese style, shoeless, on pillows on the floor.  In the center of the restaurant there are a few partially closed in areas containing Hibachi tables.  Opposite the back wall where the bar is, a large windowed area extends out from the front of the restaurant and has both tables and booths in it, what are know as the "regular" seats, like those surrounding the perimeter of the restaurant.  The restaurant is well lit with softer lighting in the windowed area at the front.  Many delicious, foreign aromas fill the lungs of those not all that familiar with Asian cuisine, allowing one to almost taste the succulent delicacies, as they wait for their food.  There is the faint sound of soft music playing in the background, but it is completely consumed by the people around the Hibachi tables, as they cheer every time the Japanese chef sets the Hibachi ablaze.  Finally the unfamiliar fumble with the chopsticks set out on the tables.  The atmosphere is one of good humor as one can see both casually and formally dressed people throughout the restaurant. At Koto the meal consists of several courses.  First there is an appetizer if you choose to order one (the Alaskan King Crab is a must!), followed by soup and salad, the soup being broth, but still quite good, and the salad being unusually tasty for a salad.  Next is the entre, an example of which is the chicken and shrimp Hibachi combo that comes with stir-fried peppers and your choice of rice or Lo Mien.  Finally is desert, which isn't anything different from most restaurants, including items such as cake, ice cream, and cheesecake.  Lastly, while you wait for your bill you get some Ginseng tea compliments of the house. A meal at Koto for one person will set you back about $20 to $30. I've only been to Koto once and it was on Valentine's Day of 2003.  While I was there the service was mediocre at best.  It took fifteen minutes just for my girlfriend and I to get our drink order and after, we still had to wait for our meal order to be taken.  The server was rather inattentive to our needs as customers, so I prayed it was just the one, and all to often I had to flag him down if we needed something like more water.  Also, the heat wasn't working when we went and it has been speculated by friends that the reason the heat went out on Valentine's Day, was because it's a tactic of the restaurant to get clientele to finish sooner (on holidays) so more people can dine there.  Thus Koto makes more profits. Despite the poor service when I went and the lack of heat which I believed to be merely coincidence, the combination of fine food and superb atmosphere made for an excellent and immersive dining experience.  Also, I expect that if and when I return to Koto the service will be great.  After all I've been wanting to go back ever since I first ate there.
