This place started out as a high, and good impression, and it slowly sank to avoid as much as possible. I've come here a number of times, trying to support their business, always hoping it would change for better. The ambiance and decor makes the vibe of the whole place kind the kind of budget nice place to take guests on first glance. However, be ready for some highs and lows. Better to lower your expectations, have loads of time to make up for the slow service and enjoy just the food. My friend and I would come here on rainy days to eat the curry noodle soup. Since I've always asked for a vegetarian version, paid at full price, a hard-boiled egg was always a free option (it's default for meat version). Over the course of a year or so, something as little as one hard-boiled egg required $1.00 as an add-on (I don't recall it being written on menu). Red curry was not especially unique after a while, just vegetables siting in a red soup. Seriously, what happened to this place? I always reminisce to the first time I came when the food was authentic, tasty, hot and spicy with good balance. Feels like the standards shifted and that the restaurant is slowly cutting down on quality. Lunch time is packed since there are not that many options in Princeton-Plainsboro and you will likely see your coworker here if you work in the area. Food is really not all that bad, and there is a lunch menu, so I could see why some people would think to return. Be ready for slow service, like no service until you make eye contact with them multiple times waving-and-staring-the-waitress-down and maybe get a response a little bit later... Only a few wait staff in the place and even getting a refill on water or getting the check will take about 10 minutes. Even if you're upset at all the things that could happen, there will be a mandatory gratuity fee at the end of your check. I've seen lots of people walk out unhappy after their meal. My friend and I took the time to talk to the manager, waited for her for 10 minutes, to give her our feedback on our experience. She only told us that charging this fee was the only way. We suggested a few other things about the experience that she could address and that the mandatory fee ends on a bad note. Very skeptical even after trying to encourage their business that things will change. The food here is decent, but considering of the whole experience, there are other Thai restaurants that would be a better experience.
