The culinary narrative that runs through Williamsburg mirrors the carefully disjointed narrative of Daniel Fuchs' novels. In one part the sprawling, industrial neighborhood the local seasonal crowd is discussing butchery at Marlow & Sons or Diner. Meanwhile, at another address, the American bistro set shuffles between Dumont for dinners and Dumont Burger for quick bites. Asian food enthusiasts chat over bánh mì at Silent H or Sushi at Bozu. Transplanted Southerners nestle into plates of grits at Egg. The characters, the well-groomed and hirsute tattoo wearers alike, represent a cast of thousands in microcosm, and their announcements and opinions drift like smoke into the air as they shuttle between a wealth of familiar haunts. What these characters lacked, and what Danny Minch (of Balthazar and Morandi, too) and Dylan Dodd (Barrio Chino) brought to Williamsburg, was a regular spot. Walter Foods sits just off the corner of Grand and Roebling, in a squat building that has been lengthened by two tall doors and panoply of windows that boast oysters and steaks in classic etching. Well-wrought awnings hover like discerning eyebrows while elegant, Havana-inspired tiles trace a footpath along the length of the bar. The bar sets the tone for the entire space. Handcrafted by Minch's father, and replete with classic saloon moldings and finishes, it seats at least a dozen who can each order a classic cocktail from experienced bartenders without seeing their drink in the hands of another patron. The fizz of a Collins is ballasted by egg whites and Manhattans are a beautiful claret hue. Bourbon crustas and anisette tinged Sazeracs emphasize the booming popularity of ambers in Brooklyn bars. Minch bartends twice a week and performs as a kind of nervous frontman for a band whose popularity he cannot understand, but whose enjoyment is easily evinced. The dining room is divided in two parts. At the bar level, bench booths run toward the back while tables look out at the street from just behind the windows. Up one or two steps, a maple floor cradles large, green leather booths with high, button-upholstered luxury. A single L-shape booth is the catbird seat with prime views of the bar and the street and privacy from both. Though new, the place feels lived in, and on the Sunday evening I visited last the wait for a seat at the bar was 15 minutes and booths and tables would have taken twice as long. All round, the various characters that make up the Williamsburg troupe, were settled over plates of familiar, but fresh, plates of food that reminded me of the things my parents considered classy and convivial. Justin Ernsberger brought his penchant for American classic from Clinton Street Baking Company, and dishes out enormous pork chops, filet mignon French dip and fish specials from a cramped kitchen whose window gives diners a peak into the fray. Lobster is the menu's Neptune and appears in soups, a surf and turf platter, a lobster roll and anywhere else the prestigious crustacean can claw its way into. Appetizers and salads are easy to choose from and precise. A warm beet salad loosens up the goat cheese and balances the acidity, sweetness and pungent creaminess inherent in the dish. At the core of the Classic Caeser's success resides a coddled egg. Simmered for a minute, Caeser Cardini's 1924 innovation still kills pathogens (we assume, though eggs are typically pasteurized) today but avails that bitter unctuousness that is so delicious atop Romaine (or in carbonara). Beer batter onion rings and shoestring fries are a couple of the ubiquitous sides that can be had à la carte, which provides customers with a chance to eat as much, or as little, as they want and which helps streamline the menu. In a nod to the past, Ernsberger's menu refrains from the elided patois that has become the stuttering language of New York restaurants (ex: deviled egg: paprika, Tabasco. Et al...); instead, his dishes are described in a gracious script that avoids these abortive culinary haikus. The daily soup, however, was a parsnip and apple purée that was clever nod to the barnyard tastes of the contemporary palate. When the pork chop arrived at my seat I was nonplussed. I began chattering with my girlfriend immediately: the size, the temperature and the juiciness excited my pork craving soul. Served with Brussels sprouts and dressed with apple cider compote, it deserved to turn heads except for the familiarity for which I had not accounted. I normally would have poked and prodded my way into a share of her French dip, but I was overcome by what was a $40 cut of meat almost anywhere else. The deserts are simple and warm: cobbler with seasonal fruit (in this case pear and berry) or a bread pudding with chocolate and banana. We sipped sherry and port and around us familiar faces came and went. A gentleman had made it over the bridge from Manhattan to see Mr. Minch and scattered along the bar was a generation of goodwill accrued by ownership.
