The North Star Bar must be appreciated for its welcomed embrace of local and foreign musicians who have yet to fully implant themselves at the forefront of pop culture.  A quick glance at several of the past acts (Young the Giant, Manchester Orchestra, GIVERS) shows that it is necessary to keep your ear to the ground to upcoming shows at this venue - you may just catch a great diamond in the rough. The North Star Bar must also be appreciated for the surprisingly good food that comes out of that self-admittedly tiny kitchen.  The menu appeared ambitious, given the fact it's just a couple of people in a rinky, dinky canteen.  However, the chicken baguette with chive-horseradish aioli was great.  Check that.  It was very good.  The fries were equally as great, hand cut and tossed with sea salt.  The beer selection is strong - only 10 or so to choose from, but a great selection despite the fact there were no light beers (which are necessary after you have had 5 or so heavy IPAs and stouts). I have seen two shows here so far, and really enjoyed both.  The sound was fine and  the small area affords a close, up front view of the band from every direction.  Plus, it's great to be able to go to the bar or sit at a table and still see the band perform. So what's the downside?  One is that the upstairs seems to be wasted space that does hinder the view of the downstairs spectators.  While you always have a good view of the stage, the lack of a back or side stage combined with the upstairs sloping downwards towards the stage creates a narrow, almost myopic view of the stage which is somewhat detrimental in my opinion.  Further, when upstairs, the view down on the stage is great - very unique in that you're literally on top of the band, which is cool.  But unless you're one of the 10 people who have a view from the railing, you can't see anything.  Which begs the question of why they are wasting such a large, unused space up there. My last, but biggest, issue is that during both concerts, the crowd reaction was tepid at best.  While subpar performances should definitely elicit a poor audience reaction, it is clear that this crowd was just not attuned to either show I was at.  An engaged audience claps, cheers and commends fantastic instrument solos, in the middle or end of a song.  When a band finishes a great set, they should get applause and cheers for an encore.  I saw very little of this, other than the obligatory applause at the end of each song.  It's clear that there was very little genuine appreciation for the musical talent exhibited - at least at the two shows I attended.  Perhaps I should have known when I stood in line at the bathroom behind the lead singer of the band I was seeing, and I turned to the guy behind me and told him that it's crazy that I'm waiting for the lead singer to finishing taking a piss, to which the guy behind me responded that he didn't even know there was a concert tonight.  It's an odd detriment to levy against this place, but it is cause for concern. North Star can't directly control the quality of its patrons.  I get that.  And perhaps Philly's appreciation for music is more limited than I thought.  And perhaps North Star Bar really is just a neighborhood bar first, restaurant second, music venue third.  But if North Star Bar is going to take its booking to the next stage (so to speak), it needs to be able to foster an atmosphere of musical appreciation - rather than just throwing the bands up on the stage and hope people pay to see them.  Much like the bands it currently books, this place may one day be great - but for now it's still floating out there in the rough.
