If you want your burger served with a side of bitchy come to Burger & Barrel! I'm never one to be picky about the service at restaurants. I come to eat. I don't expect the server to be Susie Sunshine or do card tricks. Just get my order right and send me on my way. But apparently even that is too much to ask for at Burger & Barrel. B&B proves that awful service can ruin the experience of having amazing food. I sat at the crowded bar because no tables were available. When the waitress eventually came over I ordered a long Island Iced tea. After she mixed and poured my drink she actually took what was left in the shaker (a substantial amount btw!) and poured it into a glass with ice for herself! LOL Really? Who does that? So I ordered a medium Bash Burger with sweet potato fries. The waitress tells me she's not sure if they still have sweet potato fries. They "may" have been taken off the menu. Emphasis on "may." I took this to mean she'd find out and let me know before placing the order so I could choose regular fries or some other side with my burger. 20 minutes later a waiter brings me a medium Classic burger and regular fries. Not what I ordered even by a long shot! I promptly tell the waitress but she tries to imply it's what I ordered. She grudgingly takes back the burger with no apology. Another 20 minutes later a Bash Burger comes out with regular fries. I tell her again. That's not what I ordered. Where are my sweet potato fries? She says sweet potato fries are no longer on the menu then proceeds to argue with me about whether she should have informed me of this before placing the order since I specifically asked for them. I call the manager over and tell her that once again my order has come out wrong since I wanted sweet potato fries. She promptly places an order for them but not before blaming the kitchen not the waitress for the error. If only we all had managers that made so many excuses for us when customers or clients complained? Wow! Both the waitress and her BFF acting manager treated me with attitude and condescension as if I was making a bigger deal out of the situation than was necessary. In other words how dare you complain about your order for a $16 hamburger being screwed up twice?? And what really got my goat was how the waitress refused to admit she put in the wrong order for fries. Instead she lied and said the sweet potato fries were not on the menu. If so how did a complaint to her manager make them miraculously appear? HYFR. By the time I finally had what I'd actually ordered in front of me my appetite was destroyed by the bitchy blonde besties behind the bar! I will definitely not be back.
