Kite and Key has some great beers, It's a really nice place to find at 18th and Callowhill, and the food is really quite good. It gets 4 stars from me, however, for the stellar customer service they provide. An example-- It was about 10:50 and I had a 45 min. break in an all-day staff meeting. It was about 95 degrees and the sun was baking (okay only 80, but i have a low heat threshold). I walked to my go-to staff-meeting bar only to discover they didn't open until 11:30!!!! What to do? Then I saw that Kite and Key's doors and windows were wide open and the tables were set up. I rushed over and inside, desperate for the relief from work-meeting-overload that only an ice cold beer can provide. It was immediately obvious that while it was open, it was not yet Open. I sadly and sweatily turned to leave, only to be stopped by the bartender's voice-- "Don't sweat it! What do you want? It's no big deal-- it's only 10 minutes." In less than 2 minutes I was seated under a kick-ass ceiling fan with a CHILLED glass ofdeliciously, refreshingly, ice cold, draft lager. (and that's a big deal-- those who know me know i avoid draft beers like the plague unless I know the barbacks). AND THEN, he put on Sportscenter without asking because he saw I was reading espn on my phone! Despite the fact that he was still prepping the bar for the day, he kept my glass full and remembered me when i came back for lunch with some co-workers a few hours later. And made a great joke about my dedication to my job when my co-workers returned to the meeting and I stayed. So the beer list is pretty high quality, even if it leans heavily towards Pale Ales and other sundry Hop-filled beverages. Prices are higher than I think they should be, but like I said, this is the kind of place the business people and bigwigs can walk to a business-quality lunch/dinner (if they work on this side of the parkway). The food is pretty fancy and absolutely delicious. What it comes down to for me, however, is that they were there for me in the clutch... and really, it's that they went out of their way to serve me and make my day better when they could have just shooed me away.
