My boyfriend and I have been wanting to eat here for a while.  He went when it first opened, but he noticed how much it changed, so he wanted to go back. So let me sprinkle some fairy dust *sprinkles*  +sets scene+ It's NYE 2013.  We got a hotel room, had a great lunch at some hole-in-the-wall banh mi place (that I would give 5 stars to if I remembered the name), and were psyched to go to Jones for some dinner and cocktails.  It was breath-freezing cold. But festive!  Streets were fully of happy, and not yet completely sh*tfaced people, who are my favorite kind of people.   Meh, we said, eff this cold, let's kick its ass we said--we're walking to Jones.  Yeah, I know...we're courageous like that.  Yessiree, read plenty of Walt Whitman in our day!  We got there and they sat us next to a family with FIVE, maybe SIX,  young children.  At the end of their meal, so they were mighty antsy, throwing crap, screaming.  Not a good start. A few minutes into us trying to talk over the craziness across from us, Callie, our waitress, asks us if we want water.  We already knew what cocktails we wanted to drink, but SURE we said! The staff of life!  We'll pace ourselves because you thought to bring us water.   Hangover free 2014, baby!  I was about to tell her how she will now be a benefactor in our lives, but she turned away toward the kitchen, and then the Brady Bunch stopped her.  Bobby must have lost his retainer or something.  Or maybe Peter wanted to box up his pork chops and apple sauce.  Or maybe Jan was trying to get tips on how she could stand out from the crowd with tats, rather than a 'fro.  Oh, Jan!  You'll never stand out!  She talked to them for a couple, and went off toward the kitchen, clearly in no need of our gratitude.  A few minutes later, she sets our water down without looking at us, and walks off before we can order anything. And by now,  we also knew what we wanted to eat.   Now, it's NYE, but this place is NOT packed.  Just sayin'. After another 10 minutes, they seat another couple right in front of us.  Callie is nowhere. Or maybe she was cooking, doing her taxes, helping the Dalai Lama, or getting a 15th tattoo to make sure we all know how cool and individual (along with everyone else) is.  I wouldn't know.  At about 15-20 minutes, we see her coming toward us.  Then the newly seated couple stopped her.  Boy, was she great to them.  She animatedly talked about stuff.  Maybe the Dave Matthews Band, Bela Lugosi's dead, no undead,  the Crimean War,  HR PufNStuf, or what they wanted to drink.  A few minutes later, she started writing their order, or their digits and favorite dog breed, down.  We were peeved at this point, but I said...just turn around and come to us.  Just turn around and come to us.  Just remember we're here and have been waiting.  Like your job requires you to do. NOPE!  She took their order and f*cked right off toward the kitchen.   So we left.   Hi Callie.  We are cool, too.  Tattoo free, but still pretty bad-ass.  I've met sh*t tons of rock and punk stars.  I'm obviously hilarious.  I play guitar badly and have the most boss dog, ever.  I speak another language and have traveled the world. I can drive a stick and have insanely blue eyes.  I'm kind to people.   My farts smell like optimism.  As you can see under my name, I have been thwarting SATAN for almost 43 years!  And I'm a former waitress who always tips 20-30%, as does my awesome boyfriend.  It's obvious that you don't care, so I won't waste any more words. Now.  We went to the Continental, so we still gave Stephen Starr some money. Because we're cool like that.  Nor did we bitch at the people who sat us, even though they sat us next to the family from hell. Know why?  They did their job.  Pity our waitress didn't.  After a decade of intermittent waitressing, I find bad service intolerable.
