This restaurant is basically the bacon of restaurants, without going all 'we're just going to put bacon on everything.' You don't even need bacon. When it was done, we had this moment of staring at our empty plates, thinking what the fuck just happened? I suppose this sort of thing happens the morning after a particularly satisfying orgy. A food orgy, not a blood orgy, to be sure. But you didn't know there was going to be an orgy and then there it was. Straggled out of there smelling like fried octopus, maybe? Chicken? I might never shower again. Want to do this right? Start with the Spherickle Back, whiskey then a little ball of exploding pickle juice heaven. Oh my.   I also recommend going in a group of six, as we did, so you can share a lot of small plates, which kind of steal the show even though the main courses are very good. The foie gras donut is amazing for those of us with sophisticated palates. By that I mean if you don't like it, there is something wrong with you. The shishito peppers, very mildly spicy, are a good accompaniment to the heavier, head-explodingly crazier dishes. Sometimes you need that. The heart attack was perhaps the only bit of a downer. Sure it looks like a heart attack but if you are going to name something heart attack, it should give you one. The nachos, I could live on those. I am not entirely sure what is in them, I closed my eyes and chewed. You've also gotta try the deviled eggs with an octopus sitting on them and the Tako tacos, also with octopus. I don't even like octopus, normally. For main dishes, everyone orders the fish because it's this whole fish staring back at you from your plate, which is pretty badass. My friend wasn't blown away by the actual fish, though. She's not easily impressed, though, and the fries were fantastic. I did not try the fish. The duck was really well done (as in rare), just duck as duck should be. There was a lot of it, and not a lot on the side, so I gave half of it away and wished for a bit more on the side, just something to counter all that duck. My husband would only give me two small pieces of his chicken and waffles. With a sauce that's basically chicken liver and butter, holy shit. Give me. It's second only to Roscoe's chicken and waffles and I say that only because that's the original and you just don't fuck with Roscoe's. To top it all off we had a round of Spherickle Backs. We each paid $76 for the food, a bunch of drinks and tip. Totally fine with that. I'd like to see eel on the menu somewhere. Really good barbecued eel like yo get as sushi. They should really take credit cards though. Please take credit cards. It's 2012. As soon as that happens I will give this place the five stars it deserves.
