Go with friends who drink A trough in the bathroom? GROSS. Outdoor alternate Finally got a chance to head here the other night with a group of about 8 people, which is pretty much the only way I'd be back. Don't get me wrong the experience was decent, but it's not a place I'd go with only one other person. The experience as a whole was pretty awesome. The place is basically a large backyard filled with all kind of drunks; loud, brash dudes, meek bespeckled types sipping a litre the size of their purse, dudes in loosened ties getting their post work drink on, etc. It's a great gathering spot if you can go with a group, snag a whole table, and avoid the awkward conversation with some other couple forced to sit directly beside you if you go with less folks. The beer selection is pretty sweet, definitely some seasonals, some locals and lots of German influence. They serve generous litre mugs (a recipe for disaster, clearly) as well as half litres, and the bartenders are really happy to answer questions, dole out samples and generally ensure you're going to enjoy the beer you choose. The food options are pretty great too, albeit a touch more expensive than I wanted. If you're ordering any kind of sausage and expecting a bun, you have to order one so be mindful of that. If you forget, you can walk up and grab one for $1. Inconvenient, but they seem to get that a lot. Might be worth it to have the cashier ask if you want a bun or not. The layout is pretty simple, and it's a great setting to spend an evening. I bet that this place will be mobbed during the warmer fall evenings when the humidity doesn't feel like an oppressive blanket over the whole place. The lights in the trees are wonderful, and the music isn't overpowering. My issues: If you're going to have litres and half litres, make one more of an incentive. The full litre is twice the price of the half. Why would I get a full litre then, it's going to get cold quicker and the half is literally half the price. It's really frustrating to not be able to run a tab and pay with my card the whole time. I'm not one to carry cash. I understand there are two bars. If you want to run a tab, only use one of them. Problem solved, so let me run one! There's a trough in the mens bathroom. This is just disgusting. Like enough to keep me from patronizing again. It's not a ballpark. It's 2011; gimme a urinal and a little privacy. Overall it's a great group experience, but not a place place I'd put into my regular rotation. Also not somewhere I would go with less than 6 people.
