I want to start by saying that this review is based on my overall experience, if I was strictly basing my experience on food alone it would be 5+++ stars each time.  That being said, I feel that service plays a very strong role in the overall dining experience and unfortunately this time, the incompetent hostesses really brought this down so much. I know that Ippudo is an institution so I always go in expecting a long wait.  My friend conveniently lives upstairs so she went down around 6 pm to put our name in.  She was quoted no more than a half hour.  Now, the wait has never been that short so we were all excited.  20 minutes later she is alerted that our table was almost ready.  This is when things get weird, we hear nothing for another half hour so we go downstairs and the hostesses (3 OF THEM BY THE WAY) have seemed to have lost our spot somehow.  Its now been an hour, fine.  We are told they are cleaning our table and it will be 5 minutes.  A half hour later, I shit you not, we are still waiting.  No apologies, no explanation.  None of the hostesses look like they know what's going on whatsoever and have nothing to say to us, they even glare and look like they are whispering to each other, never an easy feeling. We end up waiting 2.5 hours and watch about 4 other parties of 4 being set before us, some of which definitely came in after we did!   The only thing that I can think of is that they think we are tourists and that we should feel privileged to have secured a spot at all (we have lived in NYC for 4 years,  so we are far from tourists).  Most of you are probably thinking by now, why we didn't just leave, but if you have ever experienced the pork buns and Akamaru Modern ramen, then you will know that once you are set on eating Ippudo, then there is no turning around. I have been here many times and in fact, I bring all of my out of town visitors because I feel so strongly about how amazing this place is.  I have never experienced this sort of treatment before and it was really startling and upsetting as well.  I have somewhat disregarded the rave reviews of other ramen places around the city because I truly though that nothing could beat Ippudo, I am certainly rethinking this and will definitely be on the lookout for a new ramen spot. The server was nice, the food amazing as always, but the initial 2.5 of bull shit really weighed in on our overall experience.  Truly disappointing.
