These guys need no more reviews (5000+), no more pictures, and no introduction. So why even bother? Cuz this rounds out my street meat week in the heat. Who else to finish with than the ones who inspired it all in the first place. The white SAUCE is addictive like New Jack City's crack epidemic, think Pookie w/ his white lips. FYI: It melts into what must be soybean oil if you microwave it by itself and it tastes much like an amped up ranch dressing.  The hot sauce is molten red paste.  Afraid of being on a NYC street at night? No prob, this volcanic magma is as good as pepper spray. The MEATS are as good as they get in a tin. Moist, small bits of chicken burst with flavor. Note: the chicken is a little lower grade than some of the rivals, like the imposter cart (NY's best).  The kebab meat is finely minced and picks up loads of greasy flavor because of it and can get more steel griddle cooked texture too. The RICE is as atomic orange as the trim on a Knick's jersey. With awesome individual grain texture and deep salty/seasoned flavors, this stuff had to have been cooked in some serious grease to get this type of separation. The VEGGIES are not fancy, not a salad, and not trying to make any false pretenses of being anything but a provider of texture and cooling effect. Of you want vinaigrette, sliced beets, olives, look elsewhere.  This place gives iceberg. Dollar per calorie they match toe to toe with the most ravenous competitor, with only the imposter truck (New York's Best) tying them in value.  (For the same $6, I think I got more full off of the imposter truck's combo platter though.) So how good are they really? The long lines are around the clock, but less so in some other locations than 53rd & 6th. They just signed a franchise deal w/ a company that nationalized Five Guys burgers and branches are going out west like Tupac did. Good because my friends and family will no longer need me to bring back these circular tin platters for them on my flights across the country.   Note: because The Halal Guys offer their sauces in individualized plastic containers (and they are not cheap about giving you more) and thus, they are the only halal street meat I know of that has this cross country portability! Yet another win for this famed chain of carts. My street meat week is over and the verdict is out...TSA, guess what platters I'm harboring?
