LIVIN' LARGE @ SABRINA'S CAFE:  In the location of the old George's restaurant, which explains the '70's decor; full of small booths for 4, tables for 2, and a sit down diner bar. At first look, you'll think the place is too crowded to be at all comfortable, but once you're in and seated, you'll feel comfortable even as the wait staff move about quickly and confidently without bumping into anyone and the customers come and go with ease. The place may be small, but the portions are HUGE! Big plates, big salads, big sandwiches, gigantic fries. If you're a person who enjoys super-sizing, without the extra cost, here's your place. And not only super-sized, but super-fresh! My 2 lunch mates both ordered the Greek Salad -- one with chicken, one without. The salads came with 8 pita wedges as big as the palm of my hand, a generous dollop of humus, and all the usual salad components: 2 or 3 kinds of salad greens, cherry tomatoes, green pepper slices, feta cheese...onions(?) All this was crisp and fresh; the pita was soft, airy, and slightly buttery. I ordered the Vegetarian Philly Cheese Steak with the Polenta Cheddar Jalapeno Fries. It's always a gamble when ordering a veggie steak, since I'm not a vegetarian and the taste is always lacking compared to a thick and meaty traditional steak sandwich, but I was curious to see how Sabrina's did it. The steak chunks were browned seitan. The flavor and texture were so right, somehow, that it just didn't matter. In short: it wasn't meat, but the satisfaction was the same! The polenta fries looked like mini loaves of cornbread, they were that large. They looked as though they'd been deep fried, but tasted like they'd been baked. The flavor and the airy disintegration once in your mouth was heavenly. The cheddar, the jalapeno, and corn (polenta) tastes were blended so artfully that no single flavor dominated, but all were distinguished and equally evident. The wait staff's timing was perfect. They appeared out of nowhere at just the right moments; our waiter was attentive enough and sincere enough to answer our questions about his hebrew-letters tattoo, even though the restaurant was obviously in the very busy lunch mode. For the three large plates (as big as my head!) and three non-alcoholic drinks, the bill came to $40.70, including tax. My veggie cheesesteak and polenta fries came to around $12.50. For satisfaction, service, and size, you'll be livin' large at Sabrina's...without the need for any large bills!  :o)
