I must say, I had high hopes for this place, but my party of 7 was pretty much let down. First, they came out with a tiny bite of gorgonzola and fig jam on their house bread, which was quite delectable but packed a pretty salty punch for its size. Next, the bread came and while the interior was hearty and delicious, the crust was insanely hard. The accompanying porcini olive oil with ricotta was ok, but the ricotta was pretty flavorless. The wildly different and delicious-sounding appetizers all had the same thing in common: WAY TOO SALTY. It's really a shame though because ricotta crab cakes and mussels in a spicy red sauce are right up my alley. The eggplant roll looked gorgeous, but pretty standard, and the chicken liver cannoli sounded very interesting but definitely not my cup of tea, nor the friend of mine who ordered it. Now for the pastas. Again. Really salty. I got the veal and beef ravioli, and they would've tasted so much better if the kitchen went lighter with the salt. It's a good thing the sauce was a lightened broth rather than a heavy tomato or cream sauce though-I can only imagine the sodium levels then. Continuing on this downward trend, I think the entrees might've been the most atrocious in taste and presentation. 3 people got the veal cheek and all agreed that the tomato-ey sauce with orange gremolotta tasted canned with a sickly. sweet, sour, weirdness going on. My pork tenderloin was, you guessed it, SALTY, with the addition of cheese and sopressata and a tasteless weird sauce whose ingredients I am completely unsure of; however, I've never had an egg before that had the 'fried' texture without that unpleasant skin. It had the most pleasant crunch to it-utterly extraordinary. And finally dessert. They gave us a round of some kind of licorice-flavored alcohol, which was really good considering I hate licorice. And they gave us 7 different desserts: basil panna cotta with pistachios, flourless chocolate cake, an apple cake with caramel and vanilla ice cream, layered genoise cake I think, some kind of semi-freddo, a ricotta tart, and I can't remember the last. I guess dessert was my favorite because it was a break from all the salt, but I remember the panna cotta being unique yet too gelatinous and the semi-freddo being a blob of 1 texture at room temperature-no 'freddo' here. Overall, I appreciate the innovative nature of Modo Mio, especially in a city where Italian is overplayed and overpriced, but execution is really all that matters in the end. I have to give the service 5 stars though. Our waiter was really attentive and helpful, and this is the best dining experience that I've ever had in Philly. So if you're tired of being treated poorly and want a delightful dining experience, come. Who knows, maybe their next menu won't be quite so offensive.
