***Northern Spy Food Co. has a local, seasonal, rustic, and hipster feel; it reminds me a lot of the great casual but still very high quality neighborhood restaurants in Portland, Oregon*** Northern Spy Food Co. is a small neighborhood restaurant located in the East Village.  It has a real local and hipster feel--both in the menu, which features a lot of local and seasonal ingredients, as well as the decor, which features a small, intimate, rustic, and casual look.  Once you walk outside the restaurant, you are greeted with a small city-esque street of quaint residences and greenery.  Northern Spy Food Co. definitely seems to fit with its neighborhood. For dinner, Northern Spy Food Co. features a lot of the shared small plates that are popular right now as well as reasonably priced entrees that showcase the ingredients of the season/moment as well as proteins from very well respected farms (like the Pennsylvania based lamb farm Elysian Fields, which also supplies lamb to The French Laundry).  On Sundays, a Sunday Supper menu is available--a 3-course dinner at a reasonable price of $27 per person. I went for brunch, which showcases a small but nice sounding menu.  There are housemade pastries as well as hash, waffles, quiches, and breakfast sandwiches.  I opted for their B.L.E.T., which was a breakfast take on a BLT.  The sandwich featured toasted and hearty rye bread as well as a baked egg, tomato, aioli, and bacon.  The sandwich had similarities to the fried egg sandwich at Santa Monica's Huckleberry. Northern Spy Food Co. tops that Huckleberry breakfast sandwich with their bacon.  The bacon had a great flavor, but there was less fat, which resulted in a meatier flavor.  Despite the less fat, it was still very flavorful and smoky and there was still a good crispiness to go with the meaty chewiness. All the other ingredients were good.  I liked the flavor of the rye bread, but I think some might find it a little dominating or overwhelming.  The Huckleberry sandwich though features really leafy arugula and very good and stretchy gruyere so I would still give the edge to that west coast sandwich. Northern Spy Food Co.'s B.L.E.T. also featured a fresh greens salad and home fries. I tried a little bit of their housemade blueberry scone and it was very good.  I am not a fan of scones because they tend to be dry and a little lacking in flavor.  The scone  here was nearly perfect though.  It had a very good fruity center that was also soft and not dry.  It also maintained the nice crunch of a great scone. Service was pleasant and quick. Brunch prices were reasonable as almost all of their brunch entrees were below $15 and generous in portion size.  Dinner and Sunday Supper prices also seem reasonable. As mentioned, the decor has a very intimate and intentionally homey and slightly small look.  It makes this restaurant feel like the perfect place to be a regular. Northern Spy Food Co. is a good spot for brunch.  Its casual but still high quality food is a nice contrast to a lot of the high-end and formal restaurants you will find in Manhattan.  It is definitely one to consider for brunch if you are staying with friends in this area of New York.  If you are going to be in this area for a long time or live in this part of the city, I would say it is also probably worth a try for dinner and Sunday Supper. I am not sure what the parking situation is.  I think you should be able to find free street parking.  There is also a subway stop not too far from here.
