i reviewed ngam a last year when they were newly opened, but i thought i'd give it another review since i went for lunch last week and also this past saturday night for dinner.  i have to say ngam has now hit their stride.  service is still a little spotty, but the food is really great which is what i mostly care about.  so here's the straight breakdown of dishes we shared with my friends: 1. Chiang Mai Fries - light and crispy fried served with 2 sauces, a tartar like mayo based sauce and also a vinegary one.  great dish to share b/c it's a healthy portion.   2. Lamb "Massaman" Roti Potpie - this was a pleasant surprise.  the lamb was like slow pulled bbq meat, but of course not smoked.  very rich and flavorful and it went well with the sweet potatoe puree. nice presentation with the small cast iron skillet and roti on top acting as the potpie crust.  because the meat/potatoes were on the heavy side, it was balanced by a small side of pickled cucumbers with hot pepper slices.    Well thought out dish.   2. The Dark Knight - These were squid ink noodles that had a ramen like texture/bite.  The noodles were then stir-fried with some battered calamari and chilies.  Quite yummy and unique.  Something you'll never see at a regular thai restaurant. 3. Pad Cha Whole Fish - This was a standout.  Fried branzino with what I think were some thinly sliced bamboo shoots, fresh green peppercorns, and chilies.  Really authentic flavor with the peppercorns.  If you haven't had fresh peppercorns, you don't know what you're missing. 4. Moo-Wan Caramelized Pork Belly  - This dish was just luscious.  How can you resist slow cooked pork belly?  The sliced up sugar snap peas were a great pairing to balance the richness of the pork belly.  I asked for some thai red chili flakes which also helped to cut the richness.  Very yummy.  If they used a torch to crisp up the top skin, that's the only improvement I could think of.   5. Pad Thai daily special - The daily special pad thai wa topped with a nicely grilled lobster tail.   Very solid pad thai.  Lobster was well cooked and easy to eat b/c the claw was de-shelled and the tail split in half.   6. Oysters - We had the happy hr dozen with 2 drinks.  I appreciate well shucked oysters with not bits of shell and these were it.   Also, I don't like super big ones eihter.  These were all medium, good brininess with a clean finish due to the thai mignonette with little bits of pomelo.   With a few drinks, dinner came out to about $50-60/person so it wasn't cheap, but it's so worth it b/c you're getting some really authentic flavors.  Really took me back to when I was in thailand.   My point of reference for NYC thai is Jaiya Thai and Ngam is a notch or two better in terms of food and also definitely decor/ambiance.   Had a celebrity sighting there too, but I won't blow up his spot.  Apparently he's been there 3 nights in a row.
