Tried this place out the other night with girlfriend, and is a nice little quick-dining spot.  As others have mentioned, it's got potential, but perhaps after it has been established for a bit. Service - In our hour of dining, we were serviced by three different people; our first waitress took a long time to explain specials that we couldn''t really hear through the general high noise level and her very quiet speaking.  We proceeded to attempt navigating the menu (I'm admitedly not an italian speaker, and it was a little rough).  After about 15 minutes, we just flagged another server and asked for something we each thought we might like.  This guy was actually extremely helpful in relating what it was we were actually ordering, and did so with a smile and some wit.  When we got our check, it was from a third girl, who was also encouragingly cheerful and thanked us (i kid you not) about 3 times for coming in and eating with the utmost sincerety in her tone of voice.  So in all, I think they've got a good staff in the works. Food - I've only attempted about 3 of their specialty pies so far, and while none were anything approaching my standard taste for Dough-Sauce-Cheese plain pie, they were actually fairly good and fresh ingredients.  The only one I'd actually consider getting again is something like a butternut squash pie, which I describe as a "Pizzampkin Pie".  If you're into wild tasting pizza ingredient combos (or just a vegetarian looking for something new), I think this is worth giving a taste.  Prices are moderate; I'd say average for a trendy pizza place in the city. Atmosphere -  Very trendy.  A fun place to be with fun lighting and forcefully social seating (i.e. two of us were sat at something of a table-for-four with another couple; we didn't interact with them... but I could see it happening).  I don't count that against them, as this is not a place you're likely to go for an intimate evening anyway.  Noise level was quite loud at the times I've been (not quite crowded bar level, but certainly more than most pizza joints I've been in). In the end, I'd say worth a stop in if you're looking for something trendy and adventurous, but not really a "Friday night netflix" pizza joint.
