I've had a few drinks here on a number occasions and have been satisfied each time. Whenever I come here I usually make a bee line straight upstairs to the bar, so I'll have to let you know how the food is next time I can bring some friends. I'm a big fan of the atmosphere. The first thing you'll notice when you walk in are the lights. It's a very unique setup with ceiling lamp balls that hang low from the ceiling (there's a joke in there somewhere). Music was good nothing special just some loungin' and trance tunes with a few hip hop tracks thrown in for good measure. There's a coat rack for keeping your belongings, but I wouldn't refer to it as coat check as no one actually checks your stuff and anyone can just walk by a snatch it up, use it at your own risk. Downstairs, you've got a giant six leaf clover shaped couch that holds six tables and separate chairs. Along the sides you have regular tables and booths like a diner. There's a bar at the opposite end of the entrance if you wanna grab a quick drink. The restrooms are in the basement and are kept clean, but it's worth noting that the mirrors over the sinks are one-way so people can look into the restrooms from the outside! It's actually pretty cool and I suppose it doesn't get abused here since the clientele is pretty mature, but you'll always get that one person who might have a little too much fun with it. Upstairs is where you'll find the main bar and lounging area. There's plenty of seating and tables for anyone to order food or kick back and have some drinks. They've got some funny looking horse shaped seats that no straight man would dare sit on, but the ladies seemed to like them and of course you also have the famous swinging chairs that look like bird cages that everyone's written about. Bar tenders were attentive which made it easy to get a drink, but be warned, like most places in center city, they aren't cheap. I think a Long Island ran me about $11 before tip. Miller Lite was also expensive, running about $5.50/bottle. This is a great place for friends to pregame or spend the entire night together. You will definitely impress others when bringing them here on a late night and I've been told this place is also great for brunch. If you don't mind spending extra for atmosphere, you'll find this place to be money well spent.
