I really find the hype to be a bit excessive with this place. I promise to revise my review if I return and have a more satisfactory experience, but that doesn't seem likely after my first visit. I should add that I'm not the type that writes reviews on Yelp just to whine, so hopefully some readers will give my review consideration. I'll try to break things down because it's a little long. The service: For starters, trying to get in is a little ridiculous. No reservations of course--fair enough. They won't take a phone number for the waiting list though, which seems like the thing to do if they were really concerned with providing good service. Unfortunately for you/Fortunately for them, they don't have to because if you go on a weekend at brunch time you can be sure of finding a yelp-induced pack of diners eager to take the spot of anyone who doesn't show when their name is called. This makes me feel like Clinton St. is resting on their laurels a bit--what's one customer when there is a mob of other eager, would-be diners? Specifically, I put my name on the list and was told the wait should be an hour and a half. After about 20 minutes of waiting, they called 6-8 names of no-shows in close succession. I politely asked if so many no-shows would alter the original 1.5 hour estimate and the employee treated me like I was stupid, telling me that they had already told me to expect an hour and a half and asking me to leave. Wow! Slightly peeved, I decided to walk around for a bit. When I came back at the appropriate time, they had long since passed my name on the list. They did offer me the next available table which could accommodate my party, but the whole process seemed rather silly. Taking phone numbers could easily have smoothed out the whole thing, and a bit more courtesy wouldn't hurt either. As far as the actual waiting service goes, there was nothing wrong with it but also nothing to distinguish it. The food: I would be much more likely to return if the food actually seemed to warrant the flagging service, but unfortunately in my estimation it doesn't. I went for a vanilla buttermilk waffle. Perhaps I should have tried the pancakes everyone raves about, but I fancy myself a bit of a waffle connoisseur (Scandinavian, Liege, Brussels, American, you-name-it). The waffle itself seemed fairly pedestrian. It certainly wasn't bad, but I've had nearly as good at IHOP (really), and much better made at home. The blueberries on top were a mix of fresh and something else (compote, frozen, not sure...). I think the best thing about the food was the maple butter syrup they seem to provide with many breakfast plates. To be clear, it was absolutely delicious! In sum: In the end, I felt like Clinton St. Baking Company was decent food, but not nearly worth the inconveniences in service, nor the price ($15 for my waffle). It was probably a good find at one point, but the Yelp circus seems to allow them to sacrifice a bit on service and charge a bit beyond what the food itself warrants.
