"I'm sorry, but we are having some problems with the credit card machine, so if you could please pay cash, we would appreciate it......" Perfectly understandable, right?  However, after reading two other reviews sharing the same experience, I can't help but feel like I was lied to so a restaurant could avoid a 2% charge for processing a credit card. I don't have a problem paying cash at a BYO, and in fact expect to at most places in Philly.  But if you don't want to accept credit cards, please don't advertise that you do.  It might help avoid situations where you have to leave the restaurant to get more cash in order to pay your bill! Furthermore, please don't give me some half-assed story about your broken credit card machine.  Can you go out to dinner without being lied to anymore? Just say what you mean... " I'm sorry, you're table isn't yet ready, despite you making a reservation 3 months in advance.  Would you like to have a seat at the bar?" = Please sit at the bar until you order 2 $12 drinks, at which point we will immediately inform you that your table, is now, in fact ready.  Aren't you happy we shook that extra $30 out of you while you waited??? "I'm sorry, the credit car machine is broken. Can you please pay cash?" = I'm sorry, but we value the $1.25 that we will save by not processing your credit card transaction more than we value you having to walk a block to the ATM after your dinner to get enough cash to pay your check.  Further, we plan on understating our receipts to avoid paying our fair share of taxes to the city, which will in turn cause your property taxes to increase, along with SEPTA fares, and the number of potholes on your street. Oh yeh, our meal was really good, the service was great (albeit a little too frequent with the visits to the table.  EVERYTHING IS FINE.  JUST LIKE 2 MINUTES AGO).  I really enjoyed everything, despite the table of drunk assholes behind us throwing wine glasses on the floor.  Ashame it was all pretty much overshadowed by some meaningless lie to save a couple $. First rule of running a small business.  Treat your customers with respect.  Orchestrating crap like this is sleazy at best. If you want a decent meal, good spot.  Nothing special though, and you might want to go somewhere else with a little more respect for their customers (i.e Mercato, Hosteria de Elio, Core di Roma, La Viola, Fontana de la Citta)
