5 stars for the terrific food and 1 star for the amazingly awful service. So I did the math and averaged it to 3 stars. I hate doing that but the service was really that terrible. And I am not one who is overly needy or complains at all. I came for brunch and had to wait around 15 minutes. First of all, make sure to take a few aspirin before you come because this is the loudest restaurant I've been to. I'm talking last 2 minutes of the Super Bowl loud and the losing team is driving down the field for the title. I have to say I don't care for the setup. There are some communal tables and a lot fo bench like seating where you can just get thrown in with random strangers, which is awkward for a solo diner. Once it was time for me to be seated, they sat me at a table with another couple. It felt really weird and I can tell they were uncomfortable having a stranger sit with them as was I. Not sure why they couldn't just wait for one of the tables meant for one person to open up. I mean there were plenty of them available after I was seated but I didn't want to request to move and make the situation even stranger. And to top it all off I sat there fore 10 minutes before anyone came to even take my order. When it came time for me to order I told the waitress I wanted to start with the cinnamon bun and then have the chicken and waffles and a side of mac n cheese. Her eyes popped out of her head and she said "that's a lot of food!". I was like yeah thats ok. And then she proceeded to repeat my order, screaming it (since it was so loud) in front of the couple I was sitting with and making a stupid face while doing it. I'd estimate a good 15 mins went by and still no cinnamon bun in sight. I called the waitress over to make sure she knew I wanted it first and not everything at the same time. She replied nastily they come out when they're ready there is no order.. and "ummm I think the mac will come out first because it went in the oven already". Umm what?? You're telling me the kitchen doesn't know how to time dishes so they come out properly? I told her to forget the cinnamon bun if that was the case but she ran to the kitchen to tell them and came back to let me know it was would out first. The cinnamon bun came out HOT and sizzling in a cast iron skillet. At this point I was ravenous so I devoured the whole thing. It was pretty good, lots of cinnamon, some chopped pecans inside, but much of the frosting was sitting around the bun instead of on top. I mean it's tough to mess up cinnamon buns. I just wish there was a little more frosting but a nice sweet start to whet the appetite for what was to come. As I was halfway done with the bun, the mac n cheese comes out. OK, no big deal. I figure it's just a minute before the chicken and waffles hits the table too so I can enjoy both. NOPE. Another 20 mins passes. No chicken. Waitress is absentee. When I finally get her attention to make sure they didn't forget the chicken, she says "oh no they didn't, the thought you want it after the mac and cheese". OMG. At this point, I literally just shook my head at her and told her I intended to eat the mac n cheese as a SIDE to the chicken not as a mid course. Of course, 2 mins later comes the chicken and waffles, which couldn't be a coincidence. I mean they really have to do a better job coordinating between servers and the kitchen. I'm sure people order appetizers, then main courses with a side all the time. Maybe it was just too loud for her to comprehend my actual intention when ordering. The mac and cheese was amazing. Again, hot, bubbly cheesy gooey and pieces of bacon throughout. Topped with breadcrumbs to make it crunchy. This was everything a mac and cheese could be. I just wish I wasn't forced to be almost half of it before my main came. The chicken and waffles came out a bit cold (hmm wonder why, sitting under a heat lamp?). But still, wow this is a great rendition of the classic dish. Super crispy, moist, perfectly seasoned fried chicken. I requested dark meat but was told they serve it as a combo of dark and white- ok thats fine. I got one leg and one breast with the wing attached so I guess it was more like 2 and a half pieces of chicken. The waffle had a slight lemony taste and was great at sopping up the syrup. Overall, the food here is pretty special, large portions, and prices are very reasonable. Despite my waitress' disbelief at the "large amount of food" I supposedly ordered, I pretty much cleaned up with the exception of a little of the mac cheesy. It's hard to find great Southern food in NYC but this is a great place. It is a big shame their service is so abysmal and out of sync with the kitchen. I'd love to try dinner, but would only come with a group and hope I don't get the same indept waitress.
