I suppose this is where my anal retentivity shines through... but if I could, I would give nini's a 3.8 on the five star system... but as we can only give full stars, I am going to stick with the 4 stars with the caveat that I would go just a bit lower if I could. Now, why would I got just a bit lower you might ask. Well, as with all restaurants it can be broken up into a few categories, decor, menu, service, and finally overall experience. I would only discount on service, but more on that anon. Decor: There was a certain understated elegance at Nini's, a bit cramped without feeling crowded, they have provided a well defined environment. At one point a guest was having her birthday, to which the rooms lights were dimmed, and all of the guests (some 15 tables) sang along while her sparkler burned out. Very pleasant overall. Menu: I went with two other friends, to which we ordered a myriad of items off of the four course prix fixee menu, so I will give you the run down of the fantastic items that we enjoyed. Highlights from the meal included a pan seared duck foie gras, a chorizo, escarole and white bean soup (which really, I could have had a second bowl of without hesitation), and a simply beautiful osso bucco. The desserts were all just fine, but nothing really to write about in the end. Service: This would be the one place where I would discount Nini's. First off, they are only open a few days a week, and only for dinner. So when I called in to make my reservation for the dinner (for it is small enough that I would have not dared to show up without a reservation), I was greeted by a terribly rude man, who it seemed was doing me a favor by providing me a reservation at the restaurant for the evening. Usually, this is enough to cause me to not even attend, but I wanted to finally experience the place which two friends had previously raved about before moving to Washington DC. Second, when we sat down we had a somewhat salty server. She was sufficient as a server, though admittedly she did have a hard time explaining what "medium rare" meant at the restaurant (because, even though there is a general understanding of what this term means, there are variations between restaurants).  We had all that we needed, but did not particularly feel looked after... nor did we really feel forgotten. Adequate, but nothing more. Overall experience: I would certainly return to visit Nini's (though, if I am looking for a good French meal, I think that I would drive out to Branford and visit Le Petit Cafe without hesitation). The one thing that is truly worth noting, and could draw me back is the $2 corkage fee... let me say that one more time because it merits note... $2 corkage fee, as they are strictly BYOB. This is a great benefit, as you can control that one part of the meal where prices can really soar (I often wonder why we, as consumers, allow the price of alcoholic beverages to be some 3x their original prices for such minimal work load). $2 corkage
