Really think Krupa Grocery is a solid four and a half stars, but Yelp doesn't allow half-star ratings, so four it is. My wife and I have visited perhaps five times so far and we intend to keep on visiting. We like the food, the ambiance, the general "feel" of the place, and the service has been quite good. So what's not to like (i.e., why didn't I rate it five stars)? Well, we each had a Bloody Mary on a couple of visits. The first time we had them they were quite good - nice spice, nice kick, tasty. However, the second time we tried them, they were seriously oversalted and had too much of one of the ingredients (not sure which one). It was as if the person making the Bloody Mary mix got interrupted while doing it, couldn't remember whether he/she had already added the spices and the salt, and went ahead and added them again. This kind of inconsistency is unfortunate. Another miss for us is their refusal to post their menus online. We mentioned to the bartender on one visit that it would be nice to be able to review the menus online, and he said, "You're preaching to the converted. I've suggested that several times but the owner just doesn't seem interested in doing that." Finally, Krupa is, to us, somewhat overpriced. Glasses of wine are ~$12, a lot for a neighborhood place. The menu does show lower priced vat wines by the glass, but on a couple of our visits those less expensive wines weren't available. And because the menu items are strictly a la carte, if you want a side dish you have to order it separately. As a result it's easy to run the old tab up pretty quickly. Thus the four stars instead of five. For the most part, though, these are quibbles. The food is good, the service is friendly, and the place itself is comfortable and inviting. It has nice, clean lines, and the tables and the bar are well laid out. It's a pleasurable place to while away a couple of hours, and you'll enjoy a good meal as you mingle with your neighbors. We wish Krupa Grocery all the best, and we'll continue to drop in and enjoy ourselves.
