So I'd been eating so much Asian cuisine for the past few weeks that I wanted to change things up, so me and three other friends decided on Peruvian, and boy am I glad we came here! I loved it! We came here on a Friday night around 8:30pm for dinner. I had tried to make reservations earlier that day but they were already all booked---so I'd recommend reserving much earlier! But the wait wasn't terribly long. They'll only seat you if your whole party is there though. But I'd say we only waited about 15 minutes? So altogether we ordered the Ceviche Mixto as an appetizer, the Matador Combo, and two pitchers of red wine Sangria and let me just say that every last bit satisfied our tummies and gave us a nice buzz as well. :) So not only was the food great, but the ambiance was really beautiful too. It just made me feel really comfortable in an instant. As studies show, the darker the place, the slower you eat and the longer you want to stay, so this place definitely made me want to slow down and enjoy the ride. Also, dim lighting makes everyone look better too which is always a nice boost when you're stuffing your face with messy food lol So onto the rating of the food: -The ceviche mixto was very fresh and delicious and had just the right amount of acidity and balance of seafood. (3/4) -The matador combo was HUGE (just how I like my portion sizes because I'm a tad bit of a glutton). I honestly didn't think it'd be enough for the four of us at first, but turns out it was just enough. If you're super hungry though, and this is the only item you get then I'd split it between just two people to be safe. But since me and my friends got an appetizer and weren't starving to begin with we were all good by the end. Anyway, the Matador Combo included rice and beans (4/4), french fries mixed with sliced hot dogs (3/4), large pieces of rotisserie chicken (use the green hot sauce they give on the side... that shit literally goes with everything and makes it magic). (3/4), tostones with garlic dipping sauce (3/4) and avocado tomato salad (3/4). -The sangria was out of this world. It packed a major punch while still tasting smooth and sweet. One of the best sangrias I've had in a while. (4/4) Anyway, I'd definitely come back here again! Thumbs up from my end.
