I have been here over the course of many years but after moving away, it had been a while.  My husband and I took my parents there recently for my Dad's birthday.  The steakhouse scene has since changed and KC Prime reflects this change.  I don't recall seeing sandwiches and burgers on their menu the last time I was there.  I think things were a little classier back then because we were surprised with the attire of some of the guests -- shorts, flip flops, etc.  I'm not an elitist by any means, but am just putting that out there for those who may have remembered KC Prime as "upscale" in the past and plan on fussing about the dress code. The steak is still very good and what I appreciate most about KC Prime is that you get your dollar's worth.  The portions are generous and you don't wind up disappointed that you dropped $28 for an itty bitty piece of meat.  The portions here are thick and you don't lose out on quality.  The cocktails were generous and not made with syrup or too much/too little alcohol.  The raw seafood appetizer pieces were huge and well shared amongst 4.  Even the creme brulee was a large portion (3 people shared) and was made very well (a hard dessert to master, in my opinion).  In addition, while our server Priscilla was very busy (maybe a bit overworked), she was peppy and patient. The reason for the loss in stars is that I had called early on to make a reservation.  When we arrived we were brought to a table next to an empty booth.  Since we're booth-preferring patrons, we asked if we could be seated at the booth.  The host looked irritated and went to check with the hostess.  When he came back he stated that the booth was reserved.  I replied that we too had made a reservation and he asked me, "Did you reserve a booth specifically?"  I pointed out that I hadn't been asked to indicate this option.  My thinking is that if you're going to make booth specific reservations, when I make my reservation, somebody should ask me if I want a table or a booth. He went back, checked whatever he needed to check, and then gruffly told us to follow him.  He led us to a booth on the other side of the restaurant (where there were a few other empty booths -- so what was the big deal?).  Turns out, after we had been served our cocktails and appetizers, there was a periodic leak from the ceiling dropping onto the table.  Our server told us she would look into moving our table but at that point there was so much already laid out, we told her not to bother.  Granted it was our choice to stay there, but I would have hoped that the manager would at least come by and check on the leak -- he/she did not.  It was an unpleasant way to begin a meal. So, overall: very good and consistent food (though I have better memories of the creme brulee over the steak), nice wine list and cocktails, but the hosting staff, as the first people you interact with upon entering the restaurant, needs serious work on their hospitality.  The prices and quality are those of a more upscale steakhouse (Witherspoon Grill, Steakhouse 85), but the portions are bigger than those steakhouses...as a result, the atmosphere is not as sophisticated.
