Ok so to start I just want to say this place is one of my favorites for coffee and pastries, and their pizza is great too. Unfortunately, my friends and I had a really shitty experience there with the service/staff. So we came in for dinner with a group of six and they seemed pretty overwhelmed by us, even though there was a table that fit us all perfectly. I understand that the place is probably meant for smaller crowds,  but they should be able to handle at least six people. But this wasn't the problem... We all ordered drinks and since we are in our early twenties they ID'd us which is totally fine. My friend handed over her ID and the waitress looked at it and said it looked fake. She went into the back and came back and said that they wouldn't accept her ID nor would they give her the ID back. My friend is 22. I have NEVER experienced someones real ID being taken away and the whole scene was absolutely ridiculous. Not to mention the place is so small that it fell silent when this whole scene was going on and made us all feel really uncomfortable and embarrassed for something we hadn't done. My friend was forced to walk all the way home (in winter..), find her passport, and walk back. I think the waitress felt pretty stupid when she came back with her real passport proving that her ID was real, thus proving our waitress to be an idiot. We expected the waitress to offer my friend's drink on the house, or AT LEAST APOLOGIZE, but she did nothing like that. All she said was "it's my job"... which doesn't even make sense. It is her job to check IDs, but it is also her job to be competent and actually know how to check an ID and not accuse the customers of lying. All of this could have been forgiven if she had been at least a little bit apologetic. The rest of the dinner was perfectly awkward. The pizza was good but unfortunately all the bullshit kind of overshadowed that. To top it off, we had coupons for dinner that clearly stated "One per person", but she would only let us use one for the whole table. After bringing this up to her she finally said she would "let this one slide", even though she wasn't really doing us any favor, she was just following what the coupon said. This was all really unfortunate because we were really looking forward to this dinner and it ended up being a disaster. GREAT FOOD, STUPID STAFF. the end
