You should know by now that your two humble narrators, Hans and Mendez, are not your legal type of fellows. You know, Moet drinking, marijuana smoking street dwellers. We take more than one lollipop when at the bank. We take the shoelaces out of our Addidas sneakers. We strut around New Haven with spitballs ready. We have visited The Heirloom, a sleek bar found in the grotesque building known as The Study on more than one occassion. You don't need the giant pair of glasses cemented to the steps to see this soulless restaurant is for Stepford Wives and Pompous Pops who need a lil' luxury when in our classy city. Like roaches we crawl to the open hotel doors. Our fascination peaked with their 9 dollar happy hour special. Five dollars for a burger, four for a Stella Artois. Sounds appetizing on their chalkboard, even their doorman recommended it as "the best happy hour in town." Their bar is as sexy as a hardware catalog. ESPN flickered silently on the television while Hans and Mendez waited for the bartender. An employee eventually appeared behind the bar and took the orders, then dashed off. Hans, Mendez, and a friend who wishes to remain unnamed (he was playing hooky from work) sat in the ghostly bar, music playing softly in the background. A manager, most likely the bartender's mom, came over twenty minutes later. The long awaited burgers were carried by our spectral bartender, ten minutes after the den mother checked in on us. He promptly disappeared. Outside a tumbleweed drifted by. The burgers are nothing to rave about. The bun is from McDonalds steamed like McDonalds and lightly sweated on the plate. The lettuce and tomato were chewy like dog toys. The meat squeaked. Mendez used half of the ketchup bottle to drown the taste. Mendez claims to be a ketchup fan when confronted about this incident. The french fries (do we make mention they are unhealthy again?) sucked. Drown the chef in ketchup, not the food. For nine dollars, one can turn off their mind and taste buds and enjoy the experience for what it is; sub par and memorable for lacking any gaudy flair The Study's edifice wishes to exhibit. You may find yourself asking "Why would anyone go back?" To this we shrug our shoulders. Nothing better to do, we guess. It's a stone throw away from the blogcave garage, so we visit, expecting our low expectations to disappear, as if our first visit was a fluke. Our view is reaffirmed each time. newhaveneatsit.blogspot.…
