Sabrina's is a sure-fire bet for an excellent breakfast or brunch for two or three people.  The cozy former townhome (two of them, actually) provides a warm and bustling environment for small groups, if one which is a bit crowded even during off-peak hours.  On the weekends, it's absolutely mobbed, and you can usually expect a minimum half-hour wait to seat two or three people, but during the week the pace is much more sedate. My aunt and I stopped in midday yesterday for brunch before doing my pre-semester food shopping in the Italian Market (I need my cheese...)  We were greeted with a fairly unusual sight in our experience: Sabrina's with free tables!  Thus, we were promptly seated and our (very friendly) server dropped by with water and a carafe of fresh coffee.  Her patience was impressive, as she stood around for at least five minutes explaining various details of the specials and chatting with us about her favorites before my aunt and I had come to our decisions.  The service here is one of the best things about Sabrina's, probably the single feature (food aside, of course) which pushes it from merely great to truly excellent; servers are attentive, fast, and almost preternaturally on-the-ball. Anyway, onto the important parts: the food!  Having not had Eggs Benedict in a few months, I opted to order the Eggs Benedict Florentine.  I was not disappointed; from the slightly cayenne-spiced Hollandaise sauce to a pair of perfectly poached eggs to freshly-sauteed wilted spinach, this dish was a perfect blend of flavors and textures.  By far the best Eggs Florentine I've had in a long time.  My aunt went for "Gabby's Flip Side Fritatta," an egg-white fritatta with a vegetable medley, topped with goat cheese and a caper cream sauce.  I had to try a bite, of course, and found it to be light but crisp, with the caper sauce and goat cheese both lending a bit of sharp counterpart to the relatively lightly-seasoned fritatta. On a side note, this is definitely a place where you can except to get a good cup of plain, black coffee.  No one in their right mind would come here *solely* for coffee, but I find that brewing ordinary coffee is increasingly a lost art form in all too many breakfast joints.  Not the case here; strongly but cleanly brewed La Colombe coffee and constant warm-ups are enough to make any coffee lover a very happy, if hyper, person.
