So glad I stayed the extra night in NYC with the husband otherwise I would not have gotten to eat at fish. We both wanted seafood but we did not want to change our clothes. We were in our sneakers and jeans just hanging out in the city. Finding a place where you don't have to dress up in NYC is hard if you are not a local. So the search began on Yelp after looking at many places I saw fish and said you know let's go and check this place out. What was funny is on the way there we were talking about how we like oysters but they have to be the best oysters ever. The oysters that most people think are good we think are horrible. Arrived and lucky us there was a table available. Boy oh boy do they pack you in there like a bunch of sardines. However, I could never hear the people next to me talking that may also be because I was in a food trance. We saw the red, white & blue deal and decided to give it a try worst case scenario we force ourselves to eat 6 raw dozen oysters and force them down with the PBR. We then ordered our food me the fried clams and the husband the salmon. Everything came out at the same time which was okay with us. We started with the oysters HOLY SHIT! They were amazing! The best oysters I have ever had in my entire life. They were so good that I decided I was getting my fried food (which was also amazing!) packed up and ordered a dozen oysters stat! Just thinking about them has me craving oysters only problem I am back in Atlanta. I easily could have eaten a hundred that night. The food was amazing my husband's salmon was cooked perfectly and my fried clams were whole clams not the strips like one gets at large chains. I either need to move to NYC or find a way to get there more often because my friends this is the real deal! One super cool thing to note is that the table to the left of us was dressed smart casual with the gentleman wearing a jacket and jeans and the woman wearing a nice blouse and jeans. The couple to our right was dressed fancy with her wearing a black dress and him a suit. And we were in the middle wearing t-shirts and sneakers. We didn't feel out of place at all it was super cool mix of people hanging out and enjoying their oysters.
