Things I avoid in Manhattan:   -- Places known to be celebrity attractions.  I live in Los Angeles.  I do not need to hunt celebrities in NYC when I trip over them at home. -- Places with long waits.  I am all about maximizing the time I have in this amazing city and waiting on line with the SOHO set is not my idea of a good time. -- Overhyped places.  Generally they don't live up to the buzz.  NYC has so many amazing restaurants that I've stumbled into that I don't necessarily seek out the superstars when I'm there b/c I know I can find great food *almost* anywhere. So, why do I love Balthazar despite the fact that it falls into all three categories?  Because the food is so damn good that I am willing to forego reason and break all the rules.   My last brunch at Balthazar included sharing many items on the menu.  The puff pastry filled with scrambled eggs, asparagus, and wild mushrooms?  Amazing.  The puff pastry, which I don't always like, was perfectly flaky and buttery moist at the same time.  I split the roasted pepper and carmelized onion quiche with gruyere cheese was so rich and decadent that splitting it gives you just the perfect amount of it without feeling too full from its richness.  And, of course, my favorite thing in the whole world....  They have an amazing bread basket!!  Since I am always carbo loading (for no particular reason), I am a sucker for a good bread basket and this one is divine.  I know people who love the seafood tower there but anyone who knows me knows I can't go there but for those who can, it's supposed to be phenomenal.  The mimosas are tasty but the coffee is delicious.  Personally, I go for both.  : )   And despite the fact that it has this reputation and has a snobby air about it, the waitstaff is anything but.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable.  Breakfast at Balthazar can be a little expensive but some things are fairly reasonable.  Regardless, it's worth it.   So, bring on the wait, bring on the snobby patrons, bring on the celebs or at least the celeb hunters, just make sure you bring on that bread basket, puff pastry, and quiche along with it and I'll suffer through the rest.
