Overall a 1 star experience.  I'd say almost a solid 4 on the menu/food, but absolutely negative service.   Came in for lunch hour, just after 12:00pm.  The host immediately advised us "it's cash only right now" before, almost begrudgingly, showing us to a table.  A bottle of water arrived with menus.  Our Server arrived fairly promptly to take our order (party of 2).  That was the last time we saw him.  Never returned to see if we needed more water/soda as we sat there quietly for 40 minutes wondering if we were going to be getting food, or even to check in and let us know of the lengthy wait.  Many other tables seemed to be experiencing the same thing as they sat looking at their watches and phones.  over the course of 45 minutes, eight burgers came out for a table of six and another table of two.  9 other tables had no food and were either seated before we came or shortly after us.   As we were deciding whether to just get up and leave, at 12:59pm, now 45-50 minutes after placing the order with the initial server, another person (runner or kitchen staff) brought our orders, which we then needed to box to go to get back to work from lunch hour.  Even with us asking for boxes, no one cared.  Any other server would have picked up on the fact this is completely wrong! Waited another 10 minutes to get the check which we requested when the other guy brought our to go boxes. Nothing for several minutes and then asked the hostess for the check.  Again, she seemed annoyed, walked to the back for three to four minutes, and then back to the front without stopping to say a word to us whether it might be coming or not.  5 minutes later a check came, and still not from our original server who we finally now located again, hanging out at the back counter.   Other tables around, fairly full on a Friday afternoon were seen sitting and waiting just as long, no servers coming out to see if they needed anything or let them know of the delay in getting their orders.   Zero customer service.  Not one of the six to eight people working there were interacting with customers. No apologies or explanation why food wasn't coming, no checking in to see if drinks needed refreshed.   Did finally get to try the burger after getting back to work, 20 minutes late from lunch hour.  Ordered the Supreme, and it was great and still managed be a little warm.  Can't say anything bad about the food, just wish the service was as good, or even mediocre and I could've dealt with that, but here it's just non-existent.   We get a lot of out town clients and I'd love to be able recommend this to them, always looking for new and good places for lunch/dinner, however there's more that goes into a restaurant than good food.   I'm about 95% that I won't go back but hopeful they can get it together and maybe give it another shot, otherwise I'll look for the closed sign to show up soon and see what goes in there next.
