i havent been on yelp in a while but had to airout and let others know about this place. I took my girl here for a valentines day yesterday, this was our 2nd time at this place. I stand by my last review and that is the reason we cameback the food is amaizing!!!!!  Salmon with crispy skin in mustard sauce is to die for, filet mignon melts on your tounge mussels are great! But this was the last time we enjoed this food. The reason we all pay a certant price for eating out is a combination of quality , taste and ambiance of the venue. The level of this experience and all the factors  depends on the owner, he chose to be in a Service industry, service comes from ...well providing service to your clients ,where client and costumer comes Always first. with that said, we came there yesterday at 7pm, and were told that the wait is about 30 min, Great!!! the place is byob, so we went around the corner to get some wine and landed in a petite crevette bar for some drinks to kill time and get into the romantic mood. 30 mi.nts went by, so did 40 and after almost an hour and a half we decided to call and see whats up. The owner seemed surprised and not recLl our name although after searching he found our number and invited us in......very nonshalantly i must say without any comment or appology for the wait. After coming in, he showed us to the table well id say pointed to the table rather. We sat and tried to get over this unpleasant welcome ,i put the bottle we brought on a table got comfortable and after about 5-7 mins of no aknowledgemnt of our presense i decided to ask for a bottle opener, not eve a menue!!! The fuck face of the owner and now im just bringging my self back there screamed through the whole place "you have to wait,you are not the only one here" ....if i was there with out my girl who litteraly held me at this point the evening for this guy would of finitto , id ceed him some goodold Nyc snow mixed with exusite sauce of salt and slush from the road. We waited more, and while that same rudeness was displayed to 2 more couples ,one of them left righ of way. ....bottle opened food ordered, we are eating and trying to melt away in the food and forget all the negative things. and now....one of the orders we placed was prefix that included a fruit tart, so they brough it out we finished it but i wanted more desert and a cup of coffee. Get this, he sends the waiter to tell us we have to leave and can not have coffee because people are waiting .....WTF!? in 10yrs of eatingout this was the first!!!!! so abviously i completely ignored him and demanded my coffe and a skice of cherry tart to which the owner came in and told me i was being unreasonable!!! so yet again he escaped my furry and i proceeded to enjoy my coffee,tart my Beautiful girl and the rest of this lovely Valentines day eve. this was the worst experience on most romantic evening i  the extreamly unpleasant combination,that could have landed someone i  the cast ,others in centralbooking and some would loose their valentine and drive home alone :) to all of you foodies, im a very nice ,calm and spiritual guy,to get me to this boiling point takes a lot and this fuck face of a cook and a complete fail restauranteer done it ;) ulalal buen appettito
