Hubby and I ate at Brauhaus Schmitz on 4/8/2011, while we were in town for a conference.  Hubby says "give them a 3 1/2"  but since my meal was better than his, I'm giving this restaurant a 'weak" 4. He ordered Wiener Schnitzel and was a bit disappointed.  And, trust me, the man knows his Wiener Schnitzel.  He's the King of knowing about Wiener Schnitzel.  When we visit Germany he has Wiener Schnitzel for every main meal.  Seriously...EVERY meal.  If we are there for two weeks, he will eat Wiener Schnitzel 14 times!!! We used to live in Germany and that is how he acquired this addiction.  While my German mother was still living, she'd fix him Wiener Schnitzel.  He adored my mother! If I want to make the man extremely happy...I will make him Wiener Schnitzel (usually the classic way....a very thin, tender veal cutlet, dredged in flour, then egg wash, then bread crumbs seasoned with salt, pepper, and a little paprika, then fried in a mixture of  oil and butter until browned and crisp on both sides and served with a lemon wedge.)  But he also loves when I use a pork cutlet  or a chicken breast and prepare it as I would using veal. So...the reason he didn't give the Wiener Schnitzel a solid 4 or 5 is because the Schnitzel had been cooked too long.  The edges were dried out and the breading was almost burnt at the edges.  The center part was properly crisp and not dried out, so i suspect the chef didn't make certain to flatten the schnitzel or the heat was too high in the pan.  I suspect the heat.  If the heat is too high, it will make the schnitzel bow up in the center so cooking is uneven.  Hubby's sides (red cabbage and German fried potatoes) were fine.  His starter mixed salad was tasty but more than double the size needed.  He loved the Black Forest Cherry cake. MY MEAL:  I have a gluten allergy, so instead of ordering my favorite German meal of Beef Rouladen ( a no-no since few places make it without a gravy that has wheat in it as a thickener) I ordered Kassler (a smoked pork chop) with Sauerkraut and German Fries (Bratkartoffeln).  The tasty cucumber salad (Gurkensalat) I ordered to start could have easily served three people.  I would have been happiest with a smaller serving, but it would have been perfect if I had been sharing with one or more people. The Kassler was juicy and tender and tasty.  The sauerkraut was not bad, but would have been tastier if they'd have added some rendered double-smoked bacon...all in all still very edible.  I loved the potatoes.  They had no gluten-free dessert options, so I watch my hubby pig out on the Black Forest Cherry cake. The service was great.  Even though the server was not German, she was knowledgeable.  The atmosphere is warm, cozy, and genial.  Most of the patrons were twenty or thirty-something and looked to be "regulars" in this part of town with is blend of ethnic eateries and pubs.  The streets were busy and lively on this rainy, Friday evening so we bought an umbrella at a local shop and walked the 15 blocks or so back to our hotel on Society Hill.
