Caveat: This place is great at what they do, but don't expect espresso drinks. I was a visitor to your lands just after Hurricane (tropical superstorm?) Sandy hit your shores. Brooklyn Commune was in the business of providing communal space to locals and according to the local online news, displaced "extralocals." The service was attentive and kind which was nice at an early hour after a transit into Brooklyn from JFK involving confused locals, confused transit workers coping with clogged freeways, and uncertain services all morning. I stepped up to the counter, excited by the prospect of Stumptown Roastery beans and perhaps some nice chocolate in the form of a mocha, or at the very least a macchiato, if the operators were too snooty to provide chocolate flavored coffee drinks the way some are. Instead, I was confronted politely by the fact that they do not have an espresso machine. I was forced to consider my choices. I'm not a coffee drinker. I need the milk to cut the bitterness, and I don't really like regular coffee with milk because, honestly, it's just too much work to drink. I'm no purist, but I like an espresso froofy drink like mochas. Pleasanly, I was surprised by the person behind the counter offering to add coffee to the hot chocolate I chose to order. I thought, that's a great idea! What I really want in a mocha is really a hot chocolate with a bit of coffee flavor anyway. I appreciated the accommodation, and it was actually a great compromise considering the circumstances, to get a custom order in the middle of a natural disaster. [I was later denied a mocha at another establishment because Jacques Torres in DUMBO still hadn't resumed operations.] I also ordered a yummy cookie, and later came back for a cafe lunch in which a friend and I shared a pulled pork sandwich and an amazing BLT. Check this place out for lunch. If I had stayed a week instead of a weekend, I would have gone there at least 4 more times. Also, free wifi is to be had, and they serve as a locals work from home spot for people. I would compare them to Ritual in SF, but that's irrelevant here, and Ritual eventually had to remove the power outlets from the walls because people were staying too long and not buying enough. Brooklyn, don't let that happen here. If you want to keep the Commune alive, be courteous, and purchase enough to warrant the real estate you occupy.
