I attended a funeral in NJ and the reception was held at The Appian Way.  The coat check woman was very sweet. It was a brief encounter, but she just so nice warm, she reminded me of my Grandmother. We arrived early. so we were polite and did not enter the dining room and sat at the bar. My mother and I politely asked for coffee. It was weak. My coffee was pretty light, mothers' coffee was nearly colorless. The other mourners arrived and we all entered the dining room. It was beautiful. Now before I review, I must admit there was a problem. Whoever planned the reception contracted for 100 guests, about 175 showed up. Yes it was more guests than anticipated but the staff quickly brought out more tables and chairs. Great Now Service and Food I went to the restroom with my cousin and stopped to speak  to some people before I reentered the dining room. Upon reentering the dining room,  every body was eating bread and soup. There was no soup at my cousins or my chair.  I asked the waitress if it was too late to get soup, she said she would check. I never go soup, I mean I wasnt gone THAT long. I do applaud how fast they handed out the food, but why skip spots at tables when they know there had to be guests sitting there.  The salad was served family style. It was very very good and I must admit I had 3 servings. My mother wanted me to take a picture, it took about 5 minutes. I came back to the table, dinner was served and I got no dinner.  Again why not put a plate there?  My cousin and I informed the wait-lady that we didn't have dinner, she seemed annoyed and told us she was getting it. The food arrived. It was chicken breast, yellow rice and mixed vegetables. The chicken breast was still pink in the center, the rice and veggies seemed like cheap food and the food wasn't even warm. Under the circumstances of having more guests arriving, I think they did a great job of adding more tables and chairs. The food wasnt good though, bedsides the salad, and it was very very rushed. My cousin took his children to the bathroom. A different waitress came and scooped up the almost full unfinished plates without asking if anyone was sitting there or if done eating. The waitstaff just was not pleasant, besides the coat check lady and one waiter who had a very nice sympathetic smile and good demeanor about him.. Yes there were more guests than anticipated but it wasn't hectic , or loud for the staff to seem so annoyed, so cold. It was only 2 pm , so not like it was a long day for them. No dessert either. The food was bad, the service was bad.
