Philly has no shortage of Italian restaurants, so if you're new in town and offering Italian fare, and a BYOB at that, you better make it and you better make it well. WIth Ulivo, also comes Monsu, Il Pittore and Alla Spina all in span of six months - lots of Italian cuisine, lots of interpretations and lots of options.  One must stand out. With the Northern Liberties Sovalo pedigree, the offerings did not disappoint, but they did not sing either. The space is ample, airy and roomy which is always such a departure from your run of the mill BYO, which I appreciated.  Great place to bring big parties.  Decor is rustic, basic and clean.  Service is friendly but a maybe spread a bit too thin. As for the food, the cibo, my friends, the food was pretty solid and the portions generous.  Strongest options fiound in the starters and the lone pasta dish, and the best picks being the octopus and fried polenta starters, and as I remember the Sovalo specialty, the most dreamiest gnocchi: a ricotta gnocchi with spinach and black truffle butter - good to share as a starter (because of the richness), but you could definitely spoil yourself by just ordering it for yourself.  That plate alone could elevate Ulivo to four stars, but YELP being YELP we can never give half stars (seriously, I need half stars!!!). But in all honesty, what prevents me from giving Ulivo a full four stars is for a couple reasons:  first, the desserts are really what sunk the ship for me, both a ricotta cake and an olive oil cake fell totally flat.  Both cakes were dry, crumbly and nearly flavorless, which was not a a nice way to end the meal.  Second, though we were offered a complimentary glass of wine when we waited over 45 minutes after our reservation time to be seated, and though I know it's the nature of the BYO beast, it was a bit frustrating to get such a late start and then feel like we were getting rushed at the end of our meal to leave as we were, evidently, the last table in there finishing up.  Lastly,  the other courses, did not seem to shine as much as the starters and pasta mentioned above - and had they been just as strong and tasty as the others, it might have propelled me into giving Ulivo at least four stars.   In the sea of Italian offerings, this is just one more sailboat bopping in the water.
