I heard about Extra Virgin through a coworker who raved about this place and decided to check it out. As a party of 3, we arrived around 8:15pm on a Saturday night.  We were told that the wait would be around an hour to an hour and 15 minutes, and we could sit at the bar at a first come first serve basis.  Since our party was in no rush we were fine with this, even though the crowdedness of the bar was slightly uncomfortable.   Around 9:30 we were shown to our seats.  Our waitress was pleasant - there was very little dialogue exchanged but she was attentive and available when needed. Now for the food.  We ordered the pistachio crusted goat cheese salad and the roasted artichoke parmesan for our appetizers to split.  The roasted artichoke parmesan salad has now entered into the top 5 most delicious appetizers I've had in my dining out experience. The crispy pancetta with the runny poached egg combined with artichokes was absolutely delicious. I'd wait an hour and 15 minutes again just for this menu item, because it was most definitely the MVP of the meal.  The goat cheese salad was also very tasty. For the main course, each of us ordered a different fish item.  The Chilean sea bass, the tuna, and the salmon and each were great.  I tend to find cooked salmon a little fishy for my taste, but this dish completely lacked the heavy fish taste.  The tuna and sea bass were cooked perfectly and the portions were not too big and not too small - teetering on the cusp of becoming full but finishing the entire dish because of how good it was. For Dessert we ordered the warm apple tart and the peanut butter brownie sundae.  I'm a chocolate person so i was more excited about the sundae than the tart, but the sundae was a huge disappointment.  The brownie was bland (shocking) and there was very little to no peanut butter taste.  The warm apple tart thankfully saved the dessert experience, that was quite delicious. Two appetizers, one drink each,  3 entrees, 2 desserts, a coffee and a tea came out to be $60 each including tip. I will definitely be returning to this restaurant in the near future.  Great overall dining experience and feel that the food was worth the wait.  However, if you're looking for a quick meal and prefer a less crowded environment I'd choose somewhere else.
