First off I will admit that my expectations of this place were on the higher side before I came here.  All my friends that have been said it's great and I've read nothing but rave reviews, but I have a different story to tell. I went on a Monday night and got a table with no fuss.  My girlfriend and I both ordered cocktails off the menu and the fois gras doughnut to start.  The cocktails were tasty but completely uninspired and showed no creativity whatsoever.  The doughnut had it's faults as well.  The two of us were splitting it and as I was eating I caught myself thinking "this is a really delicious doughnut" completely forgetting the fois gras element.  My girlfriend was basically eating spoonfuls of fois gras, the dish was very unbalanced and difficult to get the right amount of sweet and savory in a single bite.   For entrees I ordered the fish and chips, she got the pork chop.  I was excited for my meal because it was obviously the most popular dish in the restaurant, i'm fairly certain every table had one.  It's a cool dish to see from afar but up close it's an abomination.  The mess that was presented to me as snapper and chips looked like something the porter found out back in the trash, with a little roe on top.  I felt like Heathcliff and I was supposed to shove the fish into my mouth and remove nothing but the skeleton.  The shallot and yuzu garnish destroyed what little flavor there was in the overcooked fish.  If the fries hadn't been so delicious that dish would have gone right back to the kitchen.  The pork chop was better.  Cooked well and fatty, albeit a little boring.   After our meal we headed to the bar for one more drink.  I had to try the spherical pickle back that I had heard so much about.  I think it was a little crazy to charge the same amount of money for the pickleback ($9) as the rest of the cocktails as it is essentially a shot of well whisky.  Yes I realize that the reverse spherification is probably a pain in the ass and takes a great deal of work, but c'mon.  It was basically a tiny water balloon of pickle juice with shitty whisky.  Why go to all that trouble of making a unique molecular gastronomic take on a pickleback and use the rankest whisky you can get your hands on? Overall I can't see myself ever going back.  Not for the food, not for the drink, not for the hype.  This place is lucky they are in BedStuy or they would have gone under by now.  Good luck on Food Network Star Justin, you'll need it.
