I went here for my birthday dinner with my fiance. We LOVED the ambience and decorations, it was so cozy and intimate but not overly so. We were seated right by the fireplace which was so nice and right from the start the service was very friendly. I was very surprised to read the bad reviews of service here because everyone was so nice. Anyhow, onto the food! I ordered a virgin mojito to start off with and wow, it was so refreshing and good. My fiance ordered the Spanish Manhattan which he liked a lot, he did mention it was very very strong though...I guess you get what you pay for, for the drink :). We began ordered our plates and everything was very good, however there are a couple of reasons why Alta can't get a 5th start just yet. The fried goat cheese with lavender infused honey was AMAZING, no complaints. The bacon wrapped dates and olives, also very good and savory. We ordered the Jerusalem artichokes, which were very flavorful but very very filling as we got a pretty big serving of those. After eating those I already felt so full, maybe they could make the serving just a tad smaller? We got the house-made pizza which was delicious, and the agave glazed wings. I would've like to see more glaze on them, as they were a little dry, but they definitely got eaten and were very flavorful. The big disappointment was the baby shrimp cocktail, it was almost lukewarm and sort of bland. For me, with seafood, I either like it hot or really chilled. I think if they had chilled it more and added some more lime juice it would've been perfect (if they are going for a ceviche style type of dish). Lastly for dessert, we ordered the ice cream sundae. I loved how they plated it, it tasted very good too although I might try something else next time I go. Some people complain here that it's not "authentic" Spanish food, and they are right. But I don't think that's necessarily what this place is striving for. They have an extensive menu and wine and cocktail list that could really satisfy just about anyone. I would definitely go back.
