I was off to New York City to fight for our country.  Those of you that know me, know that I'm very pro-mosque.  It's not just because of my Imam ex, or the fact that I'm the treasurer of the Not Without My Daughter fan club (fyi sorry members, there won't be a conference this year because the IRS froze my accounts), but the true reason I'm pro-mosque is because I heard on the radio that if the Muslims are not allowed to build at ground zero, they will pull all hummus and pita bread from our grocery stores. This CANNOT happen. I don't like to protest in the street, for fear that someone might mistake me for being poor or homeless.  Instead, I decided to protest at one of the whitest, most bougie places in the city.  Bouley. I arrived at Bouley promptly at 9:30 PM, waltzing into their little foyer with skin-tight jeans and a Cavalli top.  I'm not talking about a shirt, straight people, I mean that the TOP I was with was dressed entirely in Cavalli.  Tacky, I know, but he was Eurotrash and he was gonna foot the bill.  You think I could afford Bouley on my own?! The first room you enter when walking into Bouley is filled with rows and rows of apples, which releases the fine smell of...apples...into the air.  Snow White would have a field day.  FYI, there's no one watching this room, so if you ever need some free produce, just run in and grab a few.  No one cares.  I mean hEllO, it's Tribeca. So we sat down, blah blah, and I of course ordered the most expensive thing on the menu... the tasting, which consisted of 4 regular courses, plus a strawberry soup and dessert.  I know what you're thinking: why would Fulgencio order all this food if he doesn't eat?  Good question.  I'd gotten so high off the overwhelming scent of apples in the foyer that I had no clue what was going on... OR why my Eurotrash date still hadn't removed his ruby red sunglasses, even though we were indoors and in a jacket-required high-dining scene.  He looked like Cyclops from the X-Men, only this one's from Belarus, and the only reason his eyes light up is because he did too much coke the night before. So now's the most painful part of the review where I actually have to talk about what I ate.  Oh God, for an anorexic, this is the worst.  It must be like when they ask Lindsay Lohan what she did last night. First of all, the food is amazing.  Unless you have the palate of a caveman, then you'll love it.  The meal started with a perfect gazpacho, and before you knew it the chef was knocking out dishes like a professional boxer.  Each dish was literally like a punch in my face, except for the dessert, which was more of an ear bite-off.  No clue why the chef had to get all Mike Tyson in the last round.  Whateva, it's all good. Highlights?  I don't know even know what that word means... all I know is it was the name of a kids magazine in my old barber shop, and I used to do the puzzles on page 5.  But I'll tell you what dishes were best.  The duckling rocked, and the scallop dish with the tomato flavor was pure genius.  The hamachi was also noteworthy.  And at the end of the meal, the kitchen served three desserts, one of which wasn't even on the menu, along with a petit four that was more of a petit sixteen. While I was ignoring my date, who was talking about designer jean-shopping in his hometown of Bucharest (wherever that is...), one of the managers graciously approached our table and asked us if we were enjoying our dinner.  I said I'd enjoy it even more if the hot latin busboy gave me his #.  The manager thought I was kidding. By the time my many-course dinner was over, most of the restaurant had emptied out.  There was no one left to protest to about the mosque.  Really, the only thing to protest was that my Eurotrash companion wanted me to crash at his hotel.  Luckily for him, I'd gotten drunk off a bottle of Martinelli zin and my wine-o goggles made him look much more like Marc Anthony than Silvio Berlusconi. If you want the continuation of my mosque story, go see my review of Aureole.  Or just go straight to Bouley and enjoy one of the best meals of your life. This has been a Review by Fulgencio
