The decor was peculiar, we sat next to a window box filled with sculptures of hands holding sawed off golf clubs or badminton rackets as my friend commented. The atmosphere was relaxed and low key. It was a bit crowded since the space is so small but felt cozy rather than cramped. There was only one server for the entire restaurant and I have to commend him for doing a fine job. Our water was refilled more than a few times and our wine poured for us. But the quality of the food was lacking. I was able to try 3 apps, 4 entrees, and 3 desserts. Here's how it went down: Appetizers: Mozzarella with Tomato - The cheese was bland and didn't have any real milky taste or texture. Tomatoes not being in season lacked any flavor. Crab Corn Chowder - Too little crab and too much corn. It was creamy but I was expecting more flavor. Fried Oyster - Best app of the bunch. Fresh plump oysters fried in a thick fluffy batter. Entrees: Mustard Crusted Wild Salmon - It did have a very good mustard cream sauce and mustard seed crust. But the fish itself was a bit overcooked for my taste and didn't have the tender texture of a nice piece of wild salmon. It was a bit too firm. Striped Sea Bass Special was disappointing. It was a piece of fillet pan fried but tasted frozen. I commented that it tasted like a piece of garlic bread. It was that firm and tough. But the mash potatoes and vegetables were wonderful. Cioppino was good. This was the best entree. Half a lobster with mussels and shrimp in a delicious broth. The lobster was a bit undercooked though, especially the claws. And it did not come with any bread to start. Only after my friend finished the dish and the waiter saw he had a bowl full of broth, did he asked if we wanted "more" bread. Cod with curry. This would of been great over rice. But by itself with only a few pieces of potato and roots. The starch was swimming in the curry. Dessert was disappointing. Everything was pre-made. It's a bad sign when you order flour-less chocolate cake and it comes out in under 5 minutes. The chocolate cake was cold and hard. And the coconut cream did nothing to help. Flavor was good but the texture was that of a cheesecake from the frozen food section. Berry Tart was beyond tart. It was sour like unripe fruit. Cream Caramel was fine but flan was never my favorite dessert. Overall I thought most of the dishes needed work and they need to hire a pastry chef. Having gone through the photos I wonder if we came on an off night. Some of our dishes were sloppily plated. The chocolate cake was just tossed on a plate of coconut cream. We also didn't get any bread basket. BYOB is definitely a plus and with a liquor store down the block it's very convenient. There's a $5 corkage fee. Cash only is a bit annoying but we got out of there in one piece. The staff were really friendly so I wouldn't mind giving it another chance. Oysters, Cioppino, and a bottle of wine would make a fine evening.
