Really lovely dinner. We were visiting from Toronto and I suggested this place based on reviews from Yelp. Easy enough to get to. We walked in on a weekday evening (Tuesday around 8) and got a table just fine. The restaurant was about half full to three-quarters full -- just enough to look busy without being crowded. There is a cute little raised, balcony-esque patio right at the front that seats three or so. Afterwards, I noticed a metal pail for cigarette butts, for you smokers. It was dim, but not dark. I liked the candles in paper bags; it diffused the light and also took care of that annoying bright light in a darkened restaurant. The atmosphere is nice -- a little fancy but entirely informal. It hits that sweet spot of being able to easily dress up or down, metaphorically and literally. My boyfriend in a graphic tee and cargo shorts was probably among the most casually dressed, but wasn't out of place at all. The servers wore white shirts and jeans. They gave us a lot of bread. It was served cool, while I generally prefer warm. The rosemary bread was nice, and they also included several little cheese and herb bites that would have really benefitted from a bit of toasting. Ah, well. It was a generous amount, which meant we could snack and still have some for mopping up pasta sauce (and STILL have some left over). I had the pappardelle with lamb ragu and gremolata, which was fantastic. I like pasta, but I rarely love it. I loved this. It was savoury and flavourful without being salty, and each mouthful was just as tasty as the last. My boyfriend had the garganelli and Bolognese ragu, which he said was good. I had a couple of glasses of prosecco (bit pricey at $11 a glass) and my boyfriend had a Brooklyn brew. We had a super nice server; apparently, it was her training day, which we wouldn't have known if I hadn't asked what the bonet was. She admitted she wasn't sure, so she checked with the kitchen. No problem. The service was very good -- attentive but not rushed, and our water glasses were refilled regularly. We didn't have many requests. Several of the items on the dessert menu looked good. I really wanted to try my first affogato, and the one here sounded amazing -- with cocoa powder and caramelized hazelnuts. Tiramisu, however, is my one true love (sorry, my dear) so I ordered that. I'm not a conoisseuse, but I prefer my tiramisu well-soaked in coffee, and it was. The BF really liked the blueberry gelato. Both of us were stuffed by the end. A gentleman we thought might be the owner checked in on us at the end and got us our bill, which was nice. The hostess was a total ringer for one of my hipster co-workers. She was really sweet; when I went to meet my boyfriend at the front, she kind of nervously informed me he was at the washroom, like she was worried I might miss him. Aurora is, as I wrote previously, lovely. Yeah, it's a bit trendy and hipster, but the food is tasty and the service is friendly. It nails a note of ease yet feeling of occasion that I find really appealing.
