Perry Street was a very pleasant dining experience. The ambiance was "interesting" at best.  It looked like a 1950s leftover, which went along with the waitstaff's thin black tie and white shirt look, which screamed John Foster Dulles.  The tables were a tad close, but there was no problem with being too familiar with your neighbours.   The service was friendly and pleasant. The food was excellent.  As a starter, we had a crispy (fried) calamari appetizer with a "yuzu sauce."  The fried element of the calamari was delightfully light, although I didn't think the sauce was particularly good (and didn't really compliment the calamari).  However, I would definitely order the pea soup next time as a starter.  The main course was far better... both the braised short-ribs and the arctic char were divine.   The most important thing to remember when eating meals at Perry St. is that the combination of food is better than the sum of its parts.  For example, the char alone tasted like a light salmon, with a passion fruit compote on the side and olives on top.  However, when mixed together, the combination of flavors was unexpectedly delicious.  We found the same thing with the short ribs (with asian pears and herbs).  So... don't "compartmentalize" your meal, but instead mix it up and let the individual flavors compliment one another with explosive taste. The desserts were also wonderful.  The chocolate pudding was decadently delicious. The bill was likewise surprisingly reasonable.  Although I don't profess to suggest that ~$130 is cheap, for 2 people, 3 courses, and drinks, its not as bad as it could have been, particularly since Perry St. was awarded a Michelin star this year. I would recommend dinner here as a hip/trendy date place with some very good food.  Not for the everyday diner, but well worth the visit. I don't know what the limitations (if any) there are for the $35 prix fixe menu (before 6:30) but if most of you options are available, this would be a great deal.
