I've eaten at Trecolori a few times now, pre and post theater.  This is my new "old reliable" for theater district restaurants.  The food, service, and ambiance combine for a great, and consistent, theater district restaurant.   That's Trecolori in a nutshell.  On to the actual review: I do not normally like eating in the theater district; I find that many of the restaurants rush you, even when you tell them you don't have a show to catch.  The quality of the food in the theater district restaurants I've tried is inconsistent, at best.  Many are crowded, and everything just feels rushed.  Even if you're catching a show, dinner should have a pace to it.  Trecolori manages to get right what so many of its counterparts along the Great White Way do not.   I'll stick to my latest Trecolor encounter, which was this afternoon: came with a friend just before catching a matinee of Nice Work If You Can Get It.  The restaurant already had a nice lunch crowd (although it was by no means full-we had a res because we're careful, but walk-ins could easily be accommodated) at noon on a Saturday.  Our waiter, who I've had as a server before, was very good.  The real service stars were the bus boys, though.  They made sure water was refilled consistently, bread was at the table and refilled, and parmesan cheese and pepper were offered.  They were also great about clearing plates and de-crumbing (NEW WORD!) the table in general.  We had a couple of hours, so we didn't mention our theater plans, but our lunch was neither rushed nor leisurely; our server set a good pace that got us out of the restaurant with twenty minutes till showtime only two blocks away. The food is high quality Italian.  We shared the cold antipasto Trecolori, which had a variety of cured meats and cheeses (I've had this here before; I'm a sucker for cold antipasto).  We each had a pasta dish; mine was the Rigatoni Trecolori, which was rigatoni in a garlic pesto sauce with Italian sausage and broccoli rabbe (I skipped the sun dried tomatoes).  Delicious!  I can't remember what my friend got, exactly, but it looked like rigatoni in a red sauce, maybe with chicken.  She said it was fantastic.  For dessert she got the tiramisu, which she liked, and I got the Italian cheesecake, which was very well made.   When I have time, my midtown staple is Sosa Borella, up on 51st (I think, but double-check); but sometimes you just want a restaurant right by where your show is, and when you do, Trattoria Trecolori delivers.
