I've been watching a lot of "Kitchen Nightmares" lately, and after working in food service for ten-plus years, it's long been a dream to go into restaurant consulting. I also just want to pop off. Just in general. So what better place to start than at Mominette? It's a quaint French bistro located on a street in Bushwick largely populated by discount shoe stores, low-rent tattoo shops, and Chinese-food spots. So I was certainly excited -- "bloody f&%@ing excited," in Ramsay speak -- to find an eatery serving what I hoped was an approach to authentic French fare. And "authentic" it was -- in that prices were meh considering the general mediocre quality of the food. My boyfriend got the eggs Benedict, a dish I generally avoid because I usually wind up disappointed. When it arrived, I was stunned at the lovely golden-orange color of the Hollandaise. Upon trying it, I noticed that in addition to its lovely spice, it tasted largely of mayonnaise. Yes, I know: Mayonnaise and Hollandaise are egg-based products, but this was NOT a velvety, buttery, slightly lemony Hollandaise and instead had a tang similar to its egg-yolk-based brother. I later realized -- the burger, another menu item I'd considered ordering but did not, had a harissa remoulade, and I wouldn't be surprised if this remoulade, slightly thinned, was pulling double-duty as a Hollandaise. Certainly the dish was still edible, and I actually enjoyed the spice, but Hollandaise is so important. If I were Gordon, I would have been angrily flailing my arms and asking the chef why s/he gave up on his passion. "Do you not care, mate?" As for me, I ordered a croque madame, and it was fine. Nothing makes me happier than a cheesy, meaty, egg-yolk-y sandwich, though the cheese was a little overbrowned. However, both of our potatoes were bland, cold, and mealy, like they'd been large-batched and sat for a half-hour before being tossed on our plates. "Are you MAD? Why are these not made to order?" Decor is also of the cheesy French bistro variety -- vinyl tablecloths and cheap-looking rag-rolled walls. But the back-bar shelf area is lovely, and I loved the charming swinging front double-doors. Mominette has the distinct advantage of holding down the French-bistro market in Bushwick, and I just want so much for this locale to be better -- and perhaps their dinner service is the shining star. But brunch was a bummer, and there are a number of kinks that'd have to be ironed out before I'd return. Until then, I'll just make awkward, spasmodic arm gestures and point and discuss my concerns with my cat, yes?
