Perfection!!!   From start to finish, EVERYTHING was fantastic.  From the moment we walked in, the rustic, cozy decor made you feel welcome.  Exposed brick walls, worn mirrors and a industrial style, exposed ceiling, there is nothing pretentious about this place.  The staff may be a bit obsequious, but I'd prefer that to being ignored.  As soon as we were seated, they brought out a tin pail filled with hot bread.  The standard stuff (crispy crust and soft inside) was great with the olive olive and herb mix.  However, I couldn't eat another bite when I discovered the little foccacia cubes they had placed in a parchment cone.  OMG!  Huge pieces of roasted garlic, caramelized onions, herbs...each little piece was filled with so much flavor, even a non-bread lover such as myself couldn't resist! APPETIZER:    During dinner we got the i carciofi appetizer special, which was described as a traditional Roman artichoke.  Having had this dish in Roman, I can't say it was particularly traditional, but I didn't really care.  It was indescribably light, with tender leaves of artichoke, drizzled with olive oil, garlic, fresh Parmesan cheese and baked with bread crumbs served in a little clay dish.  Spectacular way to start the meal, it was fresh, not too heavy and full of flavor. ENTREES:  - le Pappardelle al Vitello: Made with spinach, and topped with gremolata, it was visibly green and the thick noodles were cooked perfectly al dente. It claimed to come with a Vermont veal ragú and while I'm not sure I would describe it as much of a sauce, there were large chunks of very tender and juicy veal throughout. - i Paccheri: A durum wheat pasta, it was topped with roasted eggplant, tomato, mozzarella & pesto.  The paccheri were huge tubes that were a little tricky to eat with the toppings, but again, perfectly cooked and the dish was full of flavor. - le Tagliatelle: A Saffron tagliatelle, it was topped with lots of pieces of fresh rock shrimp, cherry tomato & Calabrian hot peppers.  Not to sound redundant, but again, perfectly al dente. DESSERT:    I so rarely see pannacotta as a viable dessert choice that whenever I do I literally can't resist.  Creamy, milky and smooth, Aurora managed to make it the perfect custardy texture, with a nice sprinkling of fresh vanilla on top...it was visual and gustatory nirvana.  Their version is served with strawberry sauce,12 year-aged balsamic vinegar & shortbread cookie.  I'm usually pretty nervous when anything is added to the dish, since typically I've found that anyone using a stawberry sauce tends to actually add a fake strawberry, syrupy gloop usually reserved for ice cream, that completely spoils the light taste of the light dish for me.  Luckily, Aurora actually means sauce, and the fresh strawberry and balslamic topper was the ideal addition.  Not overly saccharine it was just enough extra flavor, and made for a splendid pairing not only for the panna cotta, but also for the crisp shortbread which was equally well made.  An impeccable finish to an already delightful meal. Seriously, lunch and dinner (sadly never did get to try their brunch), Aurora was simply sublime.  The friend I went with could not stop raving about the meals, actually describing it as possibly the best food she has EVER eaten.  Wonderful staff, expertly prepared pasta, you can tell they use fresh ingredients and really care about the quality and execution of the dishes.  Some of the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy, I highly recommend checking this place out if you're looking for a great meal.  Perfect place for a romantic date, or to come with some friends.  Bellissimo!!!
