Since Public was on our wishlist, M & I decided to check it off by bringing our Mom here for Mother's Day yesterday. We were right to not have made it our very first choice amongst the similar pool of more impressive & affordable restaurants in NYC. Although the food was decent, I wasn't at all impressed with the service & the small portions at this overly-hyped & pricey 1-star Michelin Austral-Asian fusion. We had reservations & half of the restaurant was empty when we arrived.  So, we didn't quite understand why we weren't seated right away & had to witness a 15-minute "discussion" between the two hostesses & the manager, before they seated us in the dimly-lit, swanky room right off of the kitchen & not the more desirable main room with the airy, high ceiling.  It left us the impression that they had carelessly given our reserved table to one of the two walk-in (w/o reservations) parties that had arrived ahead of us. We were the first to be seated in this room & it did eventually  fill up to a snug fit throughout our meal but the whole place was still 1/3-empty when we left. They offer a 5-course Chef's "Sunday Supper" for $50 but we opted not to go for it since we all weren't in the mood for the third course: lamb.  Instead, we ordered a-la-carte: 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, & 2 desserts, which was pricier & left us all still hungry by the end of the meal.   The Apps: 1) The "Mushroom ceviche with miso aubergines and ginger ponzu sauce" was thin slices of oyster (also Abalone or trumpet) mushroom topped with miso (& what tasted like mapo tofu paste (In Cantonese, we call this "dau ban Cheong")-marinated eggplant puree, which all laid swimming a sea of over-poweringly tart ponzu sauce. 2) "Grilled scallops with sweet chili sauce, crème fraiche and green plantain crisps" was cooked perfectly & Mom & I immediately recognized familiar Cantonese cuisine flavors. Hoisin sauce was clearly one of the distinguishible ingredients in the sauce besides chili.  There was a dab of crème fraiche that gave it a nice acidic touch. The plaintain chips & overall dish was okay but, otherwise, unphenomenol. 3) The "Fried Hama Hama oysters with shiso, sansho pepper, and wasabi-yuzu dipping sauce" was one my fave out of the 3 apps. There were 4 fried oysters served on top of a large shiso leaf & nestled in their originl shells.  Although I'm not a fan of the shiso leaf on its own, it complemented the fried oyster quite well & went well w/ the tart yuzu sauce.   For entrees, we ordered the "Pan-seared Tasmanian sea trout with carrot-cardamom puree, hibiscus braised fennel, chick peas and edamame" and the "Roasted Chatham cod with manila clams, crispy potato, sesame wakame salad and smoked uni cream." Both of these entrees were the size of the appetizers and the pieces of fish were the smallest portions of fish than any we've ever received on an entree elsewhere. So, at about $30 a dish, the least they could do (& they did) is cook the fish perfectly: crispy & brown on the outside & juicy & just-done on the inside.  The crispy skin on the sea trout was excellent & the ingredients & sauce were light but unctious.  I especially enjoyed the cod & would order it again. It was a more filling fish dish because of the presence of starch.  Surprisingly, the thin slices of crispy potato went well with the creamy wakame seaweed salad.  I just wish that the uni in the cream was a bit more prominent. After the entrees, we were left feeling hungry so we had to order dessert to fill the void. The white chocolate lavendar ice cream w/ almond brittle & strawberries was recommended by our waitress as one of the best desserts but wasn't really that good. The ice cream wasn't creamy enough & the chocolate taste was subtle. The almond brittle was not as crunchy as one hoped for and the tiny & almost non-existent strawberry pieces made one think that the kitchen had either run out of strawberries or were skimping altogether.  My mom ordered the $19 Gewurtztraminer pairing with this dessert. They gave her a 1/2-glass pour.  At $19, one would, at least, get a portion & a half of the same wine at another restaurant.  The four housemade sorbets, at $10, were a better deal & yummy: blueberry basil, apricot yuzu, passionfruit jalapeno, & a mango version. With "Kangaroo" & "Tasmanian Sea Trout" as entree options and some Southeast Asian ingredients & spices that most diners do not find as familiar, Public dishes out some level of creativity but, in my opinion, none are outstanding dishes. At this price point (& with all the hype & Michelin star it's received) & if we compare it to others in its range, everybody at our table expected a bit more. So, I probably won't return for dinner but would give them another shot at brunch.
