The Salt Creek Grill will be hard for me to rate because of the extenuating factor that a bunch of people had breakfast hear with my cousin and cousin-in-law the day after they were married. First, the complaints. They could not accommodate seating for twenty people who were there at opening. I can kinda understand this, but when I went to the restroom, I saw several private rooms that could be set up for 20 people that were not occupied when we arrived or left. I guess they could have been reserved for just after we departed. Second, they apparently burned all of the bacon they had in the restaurant. Instead of two side orders of bacon, we got one side order of bacon and one of sausage.  My question is how a restaurant could run out of bacon.  I didn't look at the dinner menu, but wonder if they have a bacon cheeseburger. Now the positive. When the bacon was burnt, they provided an alternative without asking.  Maybe we would have refused the sausage, which as a sausage l would never do. Bu just bringing something is a plus. They had no problem dealing with toddlers. The food was pretty tasty. My wife and I split the Salt Creek Bakery Basket, which was huge. We actually had to pass the fruits and pastries around the table so that we could finish them all. We failed in the attempt. One of the said pastries was a strawberry danish. Not something you find every day. Finally, when they ran out of bacon, accidentally put cheese on my brother's pork roll sandwich when he had ordered it without cheese, and took forever, the manager comped our meal--FOR FIVE PEOPLE.  Not only was that nice, but then he asked if we wanted anything else.  Yes, he was going to add to a bill he was already swallowing. Jokingly I asked for a glass of champagne, and he responded, "Just for you or for everyone?"  Yes, he was willing to let us add alcohol to a bill he was already comping. If I ever happen to be in Princeton again, I will eat here just because of the service.   I do see a number of negative reviews here.  I hope that the staff has taken the to heart and today everyone has as good an experience as I did.
