Let me start by saying 2 hours and 40 minutes for our food to arrive. Yes, you read it correctly, 2 hours and 40 minutes. Unreal! I was just logging back on my computer to get the phone number to call and tell them forget it and there's a knock at the door. Oh finally, the food. You would think after waiting this long for your food it would be the best food food you ever ate because you are now starving to death, however it was terrible. The food was ice cold, the rolls were soaking wet soggy I guess from the steam because they were wrapped so tight, the fries were mush with what they think is cheese whiz but is that orange tasteless disgusting cheap cheese most vendor carts buy at jetro. You really shouldn't say its cheese whiz when it is not. False advertising. The guy who delivers the food says he had a really big order he had to carry up multiple flights of steps just to have to carry it all back down again because the food was not cooked, which is why it took so long. So you just forget about everyone else? They should have said they were not taking anymore orders. Needless to say the food went in the trash because it probably sat in the car for who knows how long which is why it was ice cold, soggy wet rolls from the steam and by that point may have caused some kind of food poisoning/bacterial stomach upset, whop knows. I could kick myself right in the butt for not getting in my car and driving the food back to them. What a waste of money and my time waiting. The owner should be ashamed of taking people's money for food that couldn't even be eaten at that point. yes, they were aware because after waiting 2 hours, I called to see if the food went out. They told me yes, no apology, nothing. It's a shame because this place was great years ago but has definitely went down hill. If I could reduce that 1 star to 1/2, that would be even too generous.  Leaving families waiting that long to eat and then bringing them food that is not even edible after waiting 2 hours and 40 minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
