I made a reservation for 10 for the 26th. I called, but it went to a message that said it is better to contact by email, so that's what I did. I got a response within minutes. Awesome! The night arrives, Sept. 26th, my Birthday Eve. Myself, my sis, and friend arrived on time for the reservation. 8:30. There's a big bouncer in front, no line since it's early and we go in. I'm not exactly sure what the dress code is because a lot of men were casually dressed, some women too. To the left is a Free, and I repeat, FREE coat/bag check. Which is again, awesome! It's much smaller than I expected. The bar is slap dab in the middle in a oval shape, leaving the front right corner with seating, and tables towards the DJ booth. No one came to greet us, so we wondered towards the back area and saw the set up. I asked a bartender if that was the table I reserved and she told me it was. The waitress, I forgot her name, was super sweet and attentive. She came back MANY times to see if we wanted drinks or to order any food to the point where I felt bad that I was taking up her time.. It was just the three of us so at some point they asked if they could take one of the tables (they were pushed together) for other guests which was fine, I still had enough for when my two other friends arrived. I didn't have much to drink, just a shot and 2 rum and cokes that I paid full price for. Which was disappointing because it was partially why I chose the lounge was because of the pictures that show a Happy Hour until 10 on Fridays. Not true!  The drinks were slightly watered down. The bar was packed so no biggie. To eat I had the Salmon that comes with rice and Bok Choy, delicious, I also tasted my friends. Jungle fries are good, as well as the Bibimbap. The waitress noticed the change in my party size and asked if they wanted anything. Again, super attentive. One thing I didn't like is that at 10:30 they take tables away, but I was already aware of that when I made reservations. I did leave the lounge a couple of times to talk and had no problem getting back in because the bouncer recognized me.  It started to get crowded around that time and people were dancing right next to our table. The DJ played a pretty good mix of R&B, 90's-00's Hip hop and Reggae/Dancehall. The crowd seemed consist of a lot of Asians, though there were some sprinkles of White and Black.  My only complaint is that it was SOOO crowded. People bumping you, crowded. We spent time taking turns sitting down to make sure our seats or dance area wasn't taken over. Overall it's cool for a couple of drinks, and some dancing, I just wouldn't do group thing there again.
