I went to Le Grainne Cafe at twilight, and by the time I was finishing my main course I was alone in this charming French restaurant. One of the other reviews noted that the place seems like a cottage in French village. That person was either a.) high when s/he wrote that or b.) has never been to a for realsies French village. If I was a betting man I would say the unvarnished and heavily scuffed wood floors are the leading cause to that sort of impression, along with the knick-knacks from the TGIF, France Edition toolkit. Over here is a sign pointing east to Montagne (fun fact: ALL locations in France are east of Le Grainne Cafe. You're welcome). Over there is a cartoonish poster increasing my awareness of Goutex les Aubel & Fils. Finally, the hallmark of every French food dispensary, rooster figurines of various sizes stand sentinel over the kitchen area and the south-facing windows.* Oh, fuck, I totally forgot about the homeless guy on the corner and the pizza place across the street! I'm totally in France now! The Cuban music that belted from the speakers at all times especially contributed to that sense. Whatever, I didn't expect to walk through the door and be magically transported, wormhole style, to France. I came for some great f'ing cuisine.** When I looked this place up on Yelp, everyone raved about the crepes. Although I initially wanted to try something more familiar, I had recently come from a meeting with a substance abuse counselor, and I wanted something zippier to wash down my red wine. I ordered a quiche lorraine for my appetizer and the dande aux legumes for my entree. The latter is a crepe filled with turkey, goat cheese, and ratatouille. Both were, quite simply, excellent. The quiche was flaky and flavorful, with generous slices of streaked bacon laced throughout. My crepe was amazing. Ratatouille has always been an inconsistent dish in my experience because every now and then the kitchen decides to tart it up. This ratatouille was made entirely from very fresh foods, and the goat cheese was also of an unusual quality. In fact if I was going to single out a defining trait of the food at Le Grainne Cafe it would be the noticeable freshness of all my food's ingredients. The service could have been a little better, but my waiter, a Texan kid with a terrific disposition, was pleasant every time he reappeared. Smiling mug or not, if this place gets as busy as the other reviews claim I have reservations about the staff's ability to keep a larger party happy. *-- This sentence is built on a foundation of lies. **-- I just said "cuisine"! I bet you just got transported from your studio apartment, and you now think you're on a studio apartment in Paris!
