We were visiting New Haven for just one night and woke Sunday craving a good home cooked meal. We researched on Yelp and found Sandra's Next Generation and were most fascinated by her story. We got there just as they opened and walked by an abundance of freshly cooked goodies on the way to our table. One of Sandra's 4 children greeted us with a big smile and asked if we were hungry. We knew we wanted to start with wings and ordered the Fried Chicken...which was 4 jumbo whole chicken wings with a crisp but not greasy, well-seasoned crust and hot juicy tender meat. We knew then we had stumbled on something really GOOD! We both had 'Church Plates', which allowed us to try 8 different sides between us. The catfish entrée had a flavorful part-cornmeal crust that kept the perfectly cooked fileted fish piping hot to the very last bite...just like my mom used to do! I resisted spoiling it with the tartar sauce I had requested! I anticipated that the collards would be greasy and heavy with salt, but no...they were tender and juicy, with a few chunks of smoked meat, and you could taste the true flavor of the greens. I was VERY happy that all the sides were lightly seasoned and fresh, allowing the natural flavors to come through...the sweet potato fries were the best...both sweet and lightly salty! The cornbread was served as its own 'course' after the wings, and was steamy hot, moist and buttery...I had to keep from devouring the entire piece in a few bites, and make it last throughout the meal...and it was just as moist as the very last bite of my meal as when it came to the table!! As we were getting ready to leave, the place started filling up with families coming from church, neighborhood cops grabbing a wholesome bite, and newbies, who had luckily stumbled on Sandra's like us! There was a real sense of a community and Sandra came over and talked to us for a good 15-20 minutes, making us feel instantly part of that community, sharing her story, and introducing us to her kids who are equally passionate about keeping the family legacy alive...and continuing to give the gift of love! Even her sister participates...we saw a freshly made personally-customized birthday cake in the refrigerator getting ready to be destroyed by an unsuspecting one-year old! We are hoping to get back to New Haven for the celebration on August 17, where multiple generations of Sandra's family are hosting a unique soul food celebration of flavors from the south! Thanks Sandra and family!! J&R
