Three stars for the Star! The Star is a restaurant that offers Southern-style cooking by way of Brooklyn. Take traditional, substantial Southern food, add a pinch of decidedly non-Southern accents - kale, tripe - and you'll end up with the Star's menu. All the food my friend and I had was good. We started with some buttermilk biscuits, which we were feeling more than the cornbread, and were well-rewarded by our decision: warm, doughy, crumbly, yeah yeah yeah mmmbiscuit. Soon out came the veal sweetbreads, a delicate dish that comes with kale, mushrooms and very finely-cut sweet potato fries. The mushrooms/kale imparted a nice earthy, moist flavor, which was complemented by the ever-so-slightly-salty fries. Although it was pretty good and I appreciate the nuances, despite the language I used I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it; however, if the mood hits, scratch that itch (ok, I just wanted to say that. Did James Brown ever use that in a lyric? I'll assume he did). For main courses we ordered the roasted  1/2 chicken and the country fried steak. When the chicken arrived I was pleasantly surprised to see that by  1/2 chicken they meant the bottom half of the chicken - thighs and drumsticks from both sides - instead of the traditional half chicken I was expecting, because dark meat is so much more flavorful and moist than white meat. The side I tried was roasted well and tasty but the side my friend had was undercooked and noticeably pink. The rice was a good side - the ham, apple and kale in it kept it moist and interesting. The country fried steak was the better choice - fried, flavorful, fatty and other good words that begin with the letter f (I'll give you a minute to think about it). The mashed potatoes were made with enough buttermilk and salt to make even the strictest carb-counter swoon and I was down with the hot slaw (I'm not the biggest fan of cold slaw but this was good). The prices seem to have some Yelpers riled up, which I'm not sure I get. It's not cheap and it costs more than what you would usually get in the neighborhood, but it's not excessively pricey. The small plates are reasonable, but the big plates range from $15-$30 (and some of the ones for two are even pricier), so if that's north of your expectations - plus a bread and a brew and it can add up quickly - then you might want to sit this one out. It's a good meal, and worth trying at least once, but not necessarily going out of your way for again unless you're really keen for some haute Southern cookin'. I had a really tough time deciding whether to award the Star three or four stars. I'd give the sweetbreads a three, chicken, three and a half (ignoring the cooking mishap), and steak, four, which puts the average squarely at three and a half. Nothing else - service, atmosphere, price, etc. - really stood out one way or the other, and while the footnote on the menu - see the picture, it's hilarious - almost pushed me toward a four, it was ultimately the lack of desire to go out of my way to come back that wrestled me back to a three. Give it a shot and let me know what you think! [Note: Yelp added a Hipster choice to its Ambience category. Check!]
