Gave it a second chance and it became a go to sports bar near former office. Pretty good late happy hour specials and exceptionally good old bay fries and  hoagies/grinders/whatever you call thems (it's the bread). And their staff is cool. Def go check it out. ___________ So I'm in the office on a Saturday, and all Shorty's to grab a late lunch. Called to place an order; was asked to call back in 20 minutes... Ok. Called 20 min later and was directly placed on hold (no greeting, no nothing) Called right back; same thing. Talk to co-workers who say, food is good, but their customer service is spotty -- I chalk it up to taking "authentic Philly" to heart, and ordered delivery through Seamless (Chicken pizza steak, extra sauce & pepperoni). Apparently seamless has my phone # wrong and I can't edit it, so I call Shorty's again, and give my correct phone number. I'm working and 45 minutes flies by, when I get a call from Shorty's dispatcher that delivery guy is downstairs. I go down immediately -- no guy. I wait a few minutes, then call Shorty's (Call #5); apparently the guy took the receipt with the wrong number and headed back. I get it... stuff happens, so I ask her (the dispatcher) to call him and send him back. She agrees. I wait. 5 more minutes out front. I call her again for an update. She's surprised he isn't back, and promises to send him as soon as she can. Ok... I go back to the office. Another 20 goes by. I'm hungry and feel like a schmuck cause paid $16 for a cheesesteak that is 8 blocks away. I decide to just go get it. I call to tell her I'm on my way (call #7). No answer. So I call from my other number BC I suspect she has caller id; she immediately picks up. I tell her I'm coming. I get there, she hands me a sandwich says sorry for the mix up (2hrs) which resulted in me picking up my food. Then she promised I would love the sandwich... What?!?! You're thinking, "you left out the part where they tried to make it better... A discount, refund of delivery tip, or een a soda or side." Didn't happen. Nothing. Nada. Zip. I left, without giving a single harsh word. If I could have cancelled the order (which included an auto tip) I would have. The two stars Shorty's gets is for the sandwich, which had an above average bun, and could have been great, but was light on the pepperoni, not hot and egregiously late.   Shorty's you guys are f'ing up. The food is probably good, if you can get passed the service. Get it together people! (drafted July 27, 2013)
