Who would have known? Right in my own neighborhood; I could walk here! This restaurant and the bar section is is busy, but not too crowded. There are booths as well as tables. I can't review the meat or poultry, but if its as good as the seafood, this is definately the place to go.  Twice we've had the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes (pan-fried, served with Cajun cucumber sauce).  They were not at all greasy, but were tender and moist.  The Cajun cucumber sauce was so delicious (spicy, as in flavorful, not spicy as in hot) that I could drink it.  The broiled Seafood Combo was delicious, not overspiced or tough.  In particular, the Georgia Banks Sole was so moist and flavorful that it could convert fish-haters.  My dining companion raved about the Stuffed (with crabmeat) Shrimp. I especially liked the Angel Hair Pasta (tossed with shrimp, garlic, oregano, tomatos, & spinach in a white wine lemon sauce).  This order had been phoned in. I went back to my sickbed, devoured every morsel, and felt sooo soothed! About the take out orders.  Both times I picked up during major Giants games (this was when the place was packed!).  The first time, the food in eyesight, was waiting for me.  The second time, I stood around until a waitress noticed me.  The food had been ready, but it was unseen, behind the bar.  During the checkout process, they noticed that the appetizer order hadn't been filled.  "Do you want them"? the waitress asked.  Of course!  So I waited about 20 minutes more.  On one hand, this was most unprofessional.  On the other hand, this was the Giants-Patriots game, the plce was especially packed, and there was a buffet set up for halftime.  Oversights can happen even in the best of places . Another good extra about Afternoones is that the restaurant participates in the American Airlines AAavantage program, where you earn miles for your purchases (using a credit card you registered at the site).  While some restaurants only participate on some days, Afternoones participates 7 days/week.  It's usually earn 2 miles for every dollar spent, but sometimes there are promotions when you can earn much more.
