Review Dedication:  Alex "Jando", "Mr. 1,500", "THE Yelp Samaritan", S!  Having asked Jando about possible noodle options outside of Canton Wonton Noodle Choices, I was led to the find offerings of Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles. "Lai Mein" (Hand Pulled Noodles in Cantonese) is a topic for which I have very little experience with.  Given that a love for a combination of noodles in broth, one would be foolish to turn away from the option to explore a new rendition of a Chinese classic. Arriving at Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles revealed a modest, almost peasantry, set up.  Fragile wooden tables and chairs with disposable chop sticks at each table on are full display.  Patrons dining at Tasty Hand Pulls Noodles are never here for the decor.  Simply put, attendees are here only for the Lai Mein, nothing more, nothing less. *Note:  Mandarin is the preferred language at Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles.  There are a few English speaking staff members here as well.  Do not attempt to use Cantonese, it was a fatal move on my part. After looking at the menu via Yelp Photo Posts, one had already determined what to order. Beef Hand Pulled Noodles:  From the initial visual inspection, the noodle bowl itself appeared similar to that of most other broth based noodle consumables.  The luscious and vivid brown based broth was exemplified by the subtle use of scallions, spinach, and cilantro as aromatic and consumable base to the bowl.  At first consumption, Patrons will find that the lightly delicate yet subtly firm texture of the Lai Mein was of extraordinary perfection.  The noodles required almost zero effort to consume as each bite provided that warm yet comforting texture that's often lacking with Canton style noodle offerings.  The petite slices of beef used in the bowl appeared to be brisket.  Although slightly overcooked, the luscious abundance of fat in each peace provided a welcoming balance of tenderness and flavor.  Furthermore, the spinach used as a vegetable offering possessed the perfect texture, which was amplified by the subtle use of vegetable oil in the base of the broth.  Needless to say, all components of the Beef Hand Pulled Noodle was conducted with exemplary grace, for which is matched by few and far between. Steamed Pork Dumplings:  Perfectly dense outer dough texture that's complimented by a proper balance of pork & chive stuffing!  The Dumplings themselves were so full of flavor derived from the seasoning and Hoi Sin Marinade that the dumplings themselves required almost no soy sauce.  From first bite, patrons will discover that the semi-firm texture provides a welcoming contrast when revealing the slightly coarse and meaty center of the dumpling.  There is little doubt that the flavor profile of the dumpling itself possesses such a variety that further soy sauce would simply hinder it's already complex nature. My favorite Lai Mein restaurant in Manhattan?  Absolutely!  The food was fresh, delicate, and full of flavor.  The service was speedy and attentive!  Not much more that needs to be said other than my wanting to make this my weekly noodle spot! Bravo to Jando once again, the Lai Mein suggestion was of superb recommendation. Notes on Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles: - Cash Only.  Don't even think about the plastic! - Service and Dining time averages 10 minutes.  Don't get settled or comfortable.  Your spot is being eyed by the line outside. - A Bowl of Noodles & Dumplings will run you $10.00 (after tip).  $10.00!?!?  Yeah, that's right! - Portion sizes are generous!  If you're hungry, order two.  There's no shame in overeating.  Lai Mein is fresh, light, and settles well in the stomach.
