This weekend was my first time to Salute. We had an 8:30p reservation arrived at 8:25p. First impression was the noise level. While we waited for our seat (5-10 minutes at most) we caught up with 2 different friends we saw in the restaurant. Unfortunately, we had to scream at an uncomfortable distance in order to hear each other. It's going to be hard to limit that level of noise, no matter what kind of architectural changes you make. I suggest biting the bullet and limiting the tables. Just way too many people in one space. We requested outside, to maybe have it a little quieter, and the hostess nicely accommodated us. We had a nice table outside, but under a speaker. I wish restaurants would just stop piping music in...It's really unnecessary. We were outside looking for quiet and a little romance, not to listen to god-help-us Andrea Boccelli whine. And unfortunately the sound from inside (with the doors open) was so loud we both needed to lean forward to talk. If we sat back to talk, we would need to scream, and there was a couple at arms-length at the next table who we didn't want to include in our conversation. After struggling a little to read the menu (I don't speak Italian and its pretty dark outside) we ordered. We started with the burrata crostini which came out in a reasonable time. This was ridiculously delicious. After each bite I literally needed to lean back in my chair to savor the taste. I could have eaten 3 plates of this! My wife had the beet salad which she liked. We shared the Piccolina Pizzette (pizza?), which was really good too. I ordered the Filet Mignon special. I requested medium-rare. It came out med-well, pre-sliced and treading water in a bath of dressing that was put on the salad across the dish. I considered keeping my plate, but in the end decided to send it back. As a special - for $26, it was not what I expected. 1- it was overcooked. 2- it was a smallish cut of meat, dwarfed by the salad on the plate. 3- every bite tasted like the salad dressing. Our waiter (Jeni?- who was very good by the way) apologetically took it back without a moments hesitation. I finished most of the pizza, which again, was delicious. I chalked this up to my poor choice of main plate. But even if that was perfect, the atmosphere was just too much for my liking. With the fact that you can find an Italian restaurant in our area as quickly as you can find a Starbucks in NYC, I just am not sure I'll be returning. Maybe on a night where it will be empty? Great service. 3 out of 4 plates were excellent. Environment needs to be tamed...somehow.
