Food = 5 stars, Reservations = 3 stars, Service at the Table 4 stars, Ambience = 4.5 stars.   Made my reservation on Open Table 3 weeks in advance - in the comments, I asked to be seated in the dining room (as opposed to the bar).  The bar is nice - but this was a special dinner with friends.  When we arrived (15 minutes early), the maitre'd looked up my reservation and was sort of staring at it -- I said "I know we're early - we can hang out at the bar if our table isn't ready" ... he said "oh, I am just reading your notes here, OK, yeah, go to the bar".  We were at the bar for about 1/2 hour (15 minutes AFTER my reservation time), and i was just about to go check on my table when someone came in to seat us ... IN THE BAR.  I told him, no, we'd wait for a table in the dining room -- so 15 minutes later (or 30 minutes after my reservation time), we were seated.  That sort of thing aggravates me, but I wasn't going to let it put a damper on the dinner - we got to sit where we wanted, so it was fine.  From there it got much better - all of our appetizers, dinners, and desserts were fantastic.  The amuse was a fresh herb flatbread - the herbs were so bursting wtih flavor (and this was in the dead of winter!).  We shared appetizers - the salad special was greens with a citrus vinagrette, we had the salami/cheese/olives/nuts platter (this was a standout), and the flatbread special with a white bean puree, sundried tomatoes & arugula.  Entrees were - the duck special with risotto, and from the menu - the pork chop, chicken and steak -- all were excellent quality, cooked well, presented well and delicious.  I don't know what previous reviewers are talking about as far as inadequate portions -- everything we had was more than enough.  I think we left a few bites of the chicken and the pork because it was too much.  Desserts were the chocolate espresso budino with salted peanuts (OH MY THIS WAS GOOD), blood orange cheesecake, and cookies.  All of the desserts were all excellent.   Service was good - friendly & considerate with a couple of slow spots.  One odd thing for a restaurant that obviously takes pride in its extensive wine selection - we were not provided with a wine list.  Since the wine list is 14 pages, we had actually looked at it prior to going and selected the wines we wanted to try, but I thought it was odd that we didn't get a wine list and no one asked to take our wine order.  The other noticible service gaffe was that our coffee was served, we drank it and the cups were taken away before our dessert arrived.  Our server realized this and offered more coffee though.  The ambience is comfortable, casual/elegant - just dim enough to be romantic, not too loud (but loud enough that you can't hear the conversation at the next table).   We walked out happy, satsfied, smiling and telling each other we have to come back here again.
