Fusion Korean Cuisine I've heard of the many positive reviews of this place before I've gone here and it was one of the spots I had to come to at least once in my life to see if everything was as good as advertised.  The opportunity happened with a friend's birthday party last week. Granted, I did not sample everything on the menu (I do plan to coming back again) but for the night, we had ordered the Pork Buns and the Bo Ssam.  For those unfamilar with the Bo Ssam, it is basically a slow cooked pork butt/shoulder and you and your group wrap it around lettuce leaves and eat it with various condiments. So how was the food we had?  The pork buns were good, but I didn't think it was anything really that different.  Yes it is 2 for $9, and there is a Taiwanese version of the pork bun that I can get in Flushing for about $3 that is bigger than one of the ones they serve you here.  But I've had pork meat like that before in my life, so it wasn't anything to rave about. Now, the Bo Ssam is a different story.  I do enjoy pork and I've had plenty of pork in my lifetime, but the Bo Ssam was probably the best pork I've ever had that was not cooked as ribs.  Some friends of mine had mixed reviews of the Bo Ssam, as some had ones that were dry and not that good.  However, for the one I had, the meat was very juicy and tender.  Parts that I expected to be dry were actually very moist and flavorful.  Other than the cost of the Bo Ssam being on a high side ($200), I would definitely want to have it again.  Of course a little birdy told me the recipe for Bo Ssam is found online. Overall it was a very good meal and it was very satisfying.  The Bo Ssam, they say feeds about 6-10 people, but we had a group of 7 that night and we devoured it all.  But then we didn't order all that much food, expecting that we might not have been able to finish the Bo Ssam. Definitely recommend coming here to try the food.  I am planning to try the other menu items to further refine my review.  Other than the Bo Ssam possibly being hit or miss for you, it is good food.
