Best.burger.ever. Completely blown away by this establishment. My friend has been raving about this restaurant for months & didn't know what the hype was all about ... Until last night. I ordered the Truffle Burger & shared truffle fries. Nom nom nom... Still drooling. Truffle burger may have been the tastiest burger I have ever had. I typically order the classic burger when I dine out / you know, the ones that come with the staple lettuce, onion, tomato ... At first I was disappointed that this burger didn't arrive with any of these condiments, and then I took my first bite of burger heaven and realized, it didn't need any of those. Tasted so good on its own: burger, truffle, oozing cheese, soft bun. Done the end. I devoured that burger. Semi-casual atmosphere - especially the upstairs section (yes, 2-levels of dining). Their manager Jim was super friendly & came by to see how we were enjoying the food. Very cool when management gets involved like this. Each of their waiters was exceptionally nice and accommodating. I loved the simplicity of the menu too. It was overwhelming with 47 different items to choose from.  Their prices are pretty reasonable but all items come a la carte. The truffle burger was $13 which isn't too bad. Also, their calorie count under each item was present (which I ultimately had to ignore when I saw that the truffle burger I was about to order was 850 calories - #gasp!) but it does come useful for those counting calories (clearly, not me). And their desserts!!! Gawd, those were tasty. Their salted caramel ice cream was heavenly and even more heavenly was the fact that the well known ice cream sandwich company, The Good Batch, supplies their ice cream sandwiches they serve on the dessert menu too. I was utterly impressed. We got a mix of the sugar cookie w/ vanilla ice cream sandwich that came with some berry sauce inside (so yum) and also the chocolate cookie with chocolate ice cream inside (double yum). I could die happy after eating this meal. Will be back here and soon!!! Thank you for making my experience here amazing!
