This entire restaurant is charming - everything from the wine box wall to the wood tabletops was perfect for the ambience. We sat out in the garden atrium area, which was fantastic but it did get a little chilly out there with the A/C turning on every 5-10 minutes or so. We made a reservation for 8:15pm on a Friday night. We arrived about 20 minutes ahead of schedule and were asked to wait at the bar, but were quickly seated a few minutes later for dinner. Our server was great. She had recommendations, smiled throughout service, and the rest of the staff were equally friendly. A welcome change from some of the people we had encountered earlier during our travels through downtown Philly. Our chef friend who recommended this restaurant to us before our Philly trip let us know that they also serve half portions of the pasta, which was great because we wanted to try a wide variety since we knew we wouldn't be back any time soon to enjoy the food on a more regular basis. We wanted to focus on the pizzas and the pastas, since all of our fine Yelp friends suggested that those were the dazzlers of the menu. So all in all we ordered the lombarda pizza (only full orders), beet & goat cheese plin (half order), lardo ravioli with fava beans (half order), and chicken liver rigatoni (half order). For dessert we ordered the budino and the gelato variety. The lombarda pizza was good. The crust was thin and crispy, yet still had a good chew to it with its cheesy goodness. The sausage was really good for and it was just the perfect portions of sauce, cheese, and other ingredients. It's not the best pizza I've ever had but it's a good one! The beet & goat cheese plin (which resemble ravioli) were amazing! The perfect combination of sweet beets and earthy goat cheese was astounding, but despite its deliciousness we wouldn't have been able to eat an entire plate of it. The sweetness, though amazing at first, could quickly become tiresome after an entire plate of nothing else but beetness. The lardo ravioli was alright. The ravioli skin was thin and tender, and the lardo filling was delicious, but the fava beans and the sauce that went with it was a bit overpowering at times. The chicken liver rigatoni I would order again in a heartbeat. Keep in mind I love chicken livers so if you don't like the earthiness of chicken livers then you might not like this dish. But if it helps the liver flavor is subtle. You don't really taste it until you're done with the bite and then it gives you this nice, livery afternote. Delicious!! Of all the dishes we ate that night, this is definitely the one that I would like to try to recreate at home. The desserts were okay, but as a person who loves savory items, I would have preferred to have another plate of pasta over the desserts. The budino was okay, but it wasn't good enough for us to finish. The gelato was better and came in three flavors. They were good but they weren't that impressive compared to the savory items on their menu. If I came back to Philly I would probably come back and get a full plate of chicken liver rigatoni among other things. Small warning though. If you're getting here in a way other than driving yourself, try to stay on Broad Street. We walked there from our hotel (about a mile and a half away) and we took a side street. It was only a couple blocks from Broad Street but once you venture off the main street things become significantly more sketchy.
