According to urbandictionary.com, smith is defined as "All around known as the slang term for normal, every-day, nothing special. "  Whoever coined this term must have eaten at The Smith before because this place is remarkably unremarkable.  Since everything on the internet is true (yes!) here goes another "smith" review from good old me!  This place is always packed - always.  Why?  Apparently Whitney Port, the forgettable cast member from the Hills/ star of The City eats here a lot.  I would venture to say Whitney is very "smith".  She's totally not interesting or unique at all, which why it is fitting that she apparently like to dine here. The crowd for brunch on a Saturday morning was huge and people were waiting inordinate amounts of time to get a coveted table at this place.  Throngs of Murray Hill douchebags thinking they've truly ventured "downtown" filled the place - NEVER a good sign.  Hopeful and hungry, I was quickly seated with my friend as we had a reservation made a few days prior.  We were squeezed in inches away from our neighboring tables allowing for many potential elbowing snafus to happen.  Who doesn't love being crammed in so tight that a sneeze would land in the next tables' food? The Smith provides your table with flat and sparkling water free of charge - unusual and nice!  Once seated I was dying for a cup of coffee and our server went AWOL.  My disposition started to turn south after that (cue up bitchy conversation) as I need my weekend coffee.  We were finally greeted, orders taken and coffee served.  Phew.  Our food came and it was a whole lot of OK - I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich on ciabatta.  It came with cheddar, tomato and a chipotle sauce.  I think the chipotle sauce was mayonnaise-based and something I could likely whip on my own with ease.  The sandwich was sized nicely and came with a plate of lukewarm shoestring fries.  Pretty uninteresting for 13 bucks. I think my annoyance with this place is 1. the crowd and 2. the buzz it gets.  Please convince me this place is special and I will reconsider my bitchy feelings toward it.
