Went last night, party of 4 with reservation.  Seated immediately.  Food was good, BUT -  entrees did not come out at the same time.  I'm not talking about the server having to make a second trip to get the rest, I'm talking enough time that the 3 dinners that came out were at best luke-warm by the time the 4th dinner arrived.  Complaint to hostess was responded with 'our food is made fresh', and I'm fairly sure it is, but that doesn't excuse a 6 or 7 minute wait for the last entree to arrive. These were all items that were presented on the menu, so the kitchen staff should be well aware of how to time the various dishes. The waiter totally disappeared after we complained about the last dinner not arriving, never saw him again for the rest of the evening (we saw him, he just never came back to our table).  The hostess graciously offered to buy us dessert, we accepted, desserts were delivered with a 'your coffee will be here in a minute'.  Twenty or so minutes later, she came back to see that everything was ok and to drop the check, and we pointed out that the coffee never arrived, kind of hammering home that there's a problem with waitstaff.  Further to this problem,  we had to ask multiple times for waters to be refilled, multiple requests for a soda,  the busboy asked that one diner pass his empty plate to him so he didn't have to walk around the table to reach it, server reaching across one diner to reach another (there was clearance on 3 sides of the table for someone to walk around so there was no physical reason preventing them from doing so, they just didn't), and worst of all, having no clue who ordered what and dealt with that by asking  "who got the veal"  kind of diner-style.  "Alice", "Mel" or "Flo" would not have been out of place in this scene.  Not at all the service one would expect from a place charging $28 for a plate of linguine.  Back to the food - it was good and  well-prepared, well seasoned,  except that there was no uniformity.  Three of us got  caesar salads and every plate appeared to have a different quantity of salad kind of 'tossed' onto the plate.  I don't expect it to be arranged leaf by leaf, but there should still be some neatness to the presentation and each plate should look the same.  That's minor, although this wasn't a side salad included in the meal but rather something we were paying for so there's still an expectation of decent presentation.  All in all, not a terrible evening, but not what was expected in the way of service, given the type of place they are.
