I consider myself quite opinionated when it comes to good Italian food. Therefore I knew I had to do my research before delving into all the amazing Italian options offered in the Manhattan area. Luckily, this dinner came with a tour guide who knew right where to take me. After a quick sprint through the MET before closing time, my two counterparts and I were looking for some delicious food and a great bottle of wine (or two, or three). "Hmm....I know a place. I went on a terrible date there, but the food it awesome...and it's a wine bar too" said our local friend. Myself and travel buddy made eye contact, sold! Walking into Uva and out of the cold was like walking into a warm cozy house all decked out in holiday cheer and lights. We scored a table without much of a wait (something I have learned is rare in this big city) and instantly had not one, but two or three people waiting on us. My water glass was never empty and my conversation was never interrupted. That's how it's done!  But, on to the more important information...like how this was basically one of the best Italian meals I have ever had in my lifetime (even over and above actual Italy!) We started with the traditional bruscetta and some housemade bread with olive oil. It was light, fresh and had the perfect hint of garlic and pepper. Next, I ordered their Insalata Caprese. This was where I was really putting Uva to the test since I make caprese salad at home in California at least twice a week (and I'm closer to the fresh produce needed for this creation). The dish came with three large slices of tomato, lightly drizzled with olive oil, house made roasted peppers, a huge leaf of fresh basil and two huge portions of buffalo mozzarella. I carefully sliced a piece of each item and arranged it all into one bite on my fork....I took the bite, dropped my fork, pushed my chair back from the table and proceeded to "Mmmmm" and "Oh my God" through the rest of the meal. The mozzarella was absolute perfection. There are no words for how delicious it was, I was speechless. After basically licking my plate clean, I couldn't wait to return for a romantic date complete with cheese plate and bottle of wine. Seriously, Que Romantica! For my entree, I ordered the Braised short ribs served off the bone with a pan seared potato and rosemary cake. The meat was so tender, it would simplyt collapse when my fork touched it. The potato pancake was light and airy with an aromatic hint of rosemary. A perfect meal for a cold NY night. My co-diners and I relaxed, finished our meal, had a delicious bottle of pinot grigio and chatted the night away without a care in the world. In a city so large and in constant motion, Uva is a gem of romance, comfort and all in all mind blowing Italian cuisine. I'll be back for sure.
