I came here on Friday night with two friends.  We originally had a 6:45 reservation, but one of my friends was running late, so I called to bump the reservation to 7:30, which they did without hesitation.  We were seated quickly, though I wasn't crazy about being seated in the basement, which was a small space and had no windows.  The ambiance was nice, though. Our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive.  She was very knowledgeable about the wine list and kindly laughed with us as we stumbled through pronunciations. I ended up ordering the Garnatxa Syrah, which I enjoyed so much that I ordered again later in the meal.  One of my friends also ordered a red, though I can't remember which.  My other friend ordered the La Nuez cocktail, which she loved. When it was time to order food, our waitress was, again, extremely helpful, since we needed some direction about serving sizes and how many plates to order.  We ended up ordering: 1. Almonds 2. cheese & charcuterie 3. Chicken (brochettes) 4. Kobe beef 5. Patatas asturianas 6. Gatxuxa 7. Brussels sprouts The almonds, cheese (I forget which kind), and charcuterie were tasty but pretty basic.  The charcuterie seemed overly greasy.  The chicken was served on skewers in 3 tall shot glasses with garbanzo puree, and it was delicious.  We were told the kobe beef generally just came in a set of 2 pieces of meat on crispy bread, but our waitress suggested we add one to the order because we had 3 people, which we did.  Again, tasty, but each person only gets one piece of beef on bread that's gone in 2 bites.  Nothing to write home about. The most disappointing plate was the patatas asturianas.  As the plate was set on the table, I joked that it looked like fancy tater tots -- as I began to eat, I realized I was right.  There were enough pieces of potato per person to be filling among the plates of lighter fare, but the potatoes and cream sauce weren't very hot.  I kept thinking about how I'd rather have a big basket of piping hot tater tots from Tattooed Mom.  Between the lukewarm temperature and so-so taste, this plate is a miss. The gatxuxa (Basque Style Paella, Braised Rabbit, Shrimp, Chorizo) was really good, though a little salty, and it was a nice serving size in an iron skillet thing.  I also really liked the brussels sprouts, though I was getting full by that point in the meal and didn't eat much of it. We ended the meal by splitting the Gateaux Basque (almond cake and vanilla ice cream).  It was just so-so; the cake was pretty dry. Our total bill was about $174 -- pretty high up there given the fairly small amount of food you actually get, but not unexpected.  Overall, I enjoyed the meal and would come back to Tinto, but I would skip the smaller plates like the almonds, cheese/charcuterie, and kobe beef and opt for ordering fewer plates with larger servings that have more substance.  I wanted to try a lot of the Shellfish & Fish and Vegetables & Meats dishes, and I think I would have felt I'd gotten my money's worth if I did.  I would rather have fewer dishes of higher quality than a wide variety of smaller dishes where only a few wowed us.
