I was so excited to take my new neighbor, a professional chef, to introduce to this SI institution.  Sadly I come away ready to be institutionalized.    We waited a half hour for a table and asked the server if we could start a tab.  I got my orange soda.  My friend never got her Blue Moon.  I also got to witness a guy choking and one of the bar regulars give him the Heimlich.  Probably a sign of what was to come.  When we finally did get the high bar table in the freezing cold drafty  doorway we only had to wait another 15 minutes to order her beer.  When the waitress did show up, we ordered everything at once, and explained we were starving, so could we start with the cole slaw?  Isn't the whole point of a restaurant to sell you food and drink?  We were waiting so long I joked aobut ordering a pizza and was ready to leave.  To sit there hungry and thirsty for so long and be ignored???  Really?  After we got our potato skins, I asked her again for the extra sour cream I ordered.  She came back with the cole slaws.   I never did get the sour cream.   When we got our burgers, I just asked for the check. When she came back to take away the dishes I asked again for the check and a box.  Someone else dropped the box  off, and when we went back to the service area to pay our check we got to wait some more.  Finally the arrogant busboy/manager/host asked how everything was.  I told him I never tip that badly, but never had service that bad.  He told me someone had a seizure and messed them up.  Since I saw the whole thing go down, I don't understand how it could have messed them up when it was  bar customer who saved him.  They were very obviously understaffed and both of us are in the business.  For him to tell me to have a nice night and ignore everything we went through added insult to injury.  The burger I had boxed I left in the kitchen on the way out.  The attitude was so bad I wouldn't even feed it to my dog.  After I paid $50 for it!   You can get away with murder as long as people feel someone cares about them.  It was obvious this place is run to generate as much money for a tiny staff, and no concern to the customer.  I shouldn't have to leave my dirty plates stacked on the side of the table  waiting 15 minutes to get a refill while screaming bar customers yell about the French, English and Jews.  I am ashamed for you!  This is hospitality?????????
