We came here recently as a party of seven eating family style. The appeal of this place is that it was vegetarian, kosher, BYOB, and local. Sometimes when you order vegetarian dishes from non-veg Chinese places, they come out sort of lackluster, tasteless, or ugly. I liked that they made an effort to make the dishes look like meat dishes. Service was good, food came out steadily, and everything ended up being around $130 not including tip. I would recommend this place if you're having a large party (they have a separate room and you can save money with BYOB). Their menu caters to all types of eating habits. Even those who weren't huge fans of eating vegetarian or tofu meals were really impressed by the food here. Here is a breakdown of some of what we got. Appetizers: A few different soups Pan fried dumplings - have little cubes of tofu inside Potato croquettes - look like a chicken nuggets, prefect with a little salt and ketchup 2 Plates of Vegetable Stick with BBQ sauce - corn, mushroom, peppers, etc., with some kind of protein (looked like veggie sausage) Fried vegetable balls - similar to the croquettes but not breaded. I loved these Edamame - came out salted to perfection Entrees: Vegetable Lo Mein - plate is huge, don't get this for just one person General Tso Tofu - loved the sauce, got it on the side for other dishes Sesame Tofu - came with broccoli, also large enough for sharing Veg Heaven - maybe one of the less popular dishes we ordered Golden Rings - spicy and crispy, deceptively shaped like shrimp but veg obviously 2 Plates Sesame Seitan - similar to the general tso tofu, crispy and flavorful Veggie Steak - well loved at our table I obviously would recommend this place. Just a note to the management about the potato paste based dishes. Of the dishes that had this (croquettes, golden rings, etc.) the paste was a little heavy/gummy/sticky which made it difficult to chew and swallow. If it could be a little fluffier and easier going down, those dishes would have been my favorite
