In what I am guessing may be a rather unwise decision, I am choosing to do my first Yelp review on Bouley - a restaurant that I did not particularly enjoy.  I realize I am risking ever-lasting hatred for this (esp. in light of all of the previous glowing reviews), but it has been one of my least favorite dining experiences in NYC so far.  Sad but true. I chose Bouley as a dinner destination when my very best friend came to see me from Houston.  We have a tradition of eating well (read: being willing to spend a lot of money for good food and drink) when we're together, and after perusing Yelp, I figured Bouley was THE place to go for us.  So we headed down to the restaurant one Saturday evening.   I love the doors and the way the place looks from outside - very French provincial - but that was about the only thing I really liked.  We were seated quickly and I immediately began to wonder if we had accidentally ended up at someone's Great Aunt Thelma's house.  There were lacy doiley things and lots and lots of flowers in what I thought were rather traditional and boring arrangements.  Everything felt very busy and old to me, in terms of decor.  I kept expecting the scent of moth balls to start wafting toward me. But that didn't happen.  Instead, our waiter showed up and we began the business of ordering.  We both opted for the Prix Fixe menu.  Right of the bat, I was unimpressed with the waiter.  He was smarmy and a bit stand-offish, and seemed to be...smirking at us, really, he was.  Granted, my friend and I both look young, but I am within months of 30 and she is nearly 29.  We're not old by any means (esp. compared to the decor of Bouley), but we're not college kids either.   The food came.  To make a long story short, I disliked everything except for some ricotta filled gnocchi that came about half-way through the meal.  The wine was "eh" at best.   I must grant that my friend rather liked the meal - thus, 2 stars, because at least half of my party was satisfied - but I truly did not.  Maybe I' m not sophisticated enough?   Whatever.  In the end, I can think of  A LOT of better ways to spend nearly $200.  I realize that many people (obviously) love this place, but if you don't, be aware that you are not alone.  Maybe it makes me ghetto or tacky or unclassy, but I would rather east fast food than Bouley.  Seriously.  Forgive me for my transgressions.
