This place is finger lickin' good...oh wait, and lest I forget the bourbon...lots and lots of whiskey...a whole beautifully back-lit bar of it in fact. So much in fact that this place may have turned this vodka/gin/tequila loving lady into an actual fan of the stuff. It just goes to show what a great cocktail can do--like the Hound Dog which layered on the smooth flavors of fresh grapefruit, lime and mint with a silky sweet undertone of honey-infused bourbon. Or, perhaps it was the kick to the back of the throat from the Bourbon Bonnet's spicy finish. Whatever it was, it worked, and I will definitely be returning for more, now that I'm a convert of course. On to the grub--which was on point from the first forkful to the final cinnamon-y notes of our dessert. My fellow Brooklyn-explorer and I opted to start with the thick cut bacon with brussel sprouts, sheep's milk cheese and buttermilk, as well as the beet salad with goat cheese, nutty farro and almond slivers. The former was out of this world good...the play on temperatures and textures from its rich, thick meat, the warm sprouts and firm, cooler, refreshingly cutting cheese could not have been devoured any more quickly, while the beets were a welcome touch of fresh, clean, slightly acidic meets sweet flavors, offset again by the toothsome farro and scattered nuts. Next came the shrimp and grits and, after our waiter insisted that you can't go wrong with anything from the smoker, I opted for the Sweet tea brined chicken along with kale slaw (sucker for the stuff) and the mac and cheese. The shrimp and grits, surrounding a delicate mound (ok, nothing here can really be described as delicate) of bacon braised collared greens was incredibly well done and the texture, as well as the play on salty and sweet, deeply imbued flavors of the grits truly made this dish rock out...especially when that perfect bite includes one part green, one part plump shrimp and one part smooth grits...read: flavor explosion. While the chicken could've been a tad bit more moist, it was absolutely delicious and the smoke-kissed skin was ever so slightly crisp and just barely charred--perfection. The kale, peppered with bits of egg and there's that buttermilk again, was fantastic--next time I'd opt for the greens or another helping of this green goodness as the mac was good, it wasn't anything to write home about. Finally, even though we were stuffed to the gils, our pants still buttoned which meant we clearly allowed ourselves to head right on through to dessert. Thank heavens we did. Both of us being out and out coffee cake fans, this bundt-shaped mini cinnamon and sugar dusted cake was divine...perfectly crumbly on the outside, while retaining its moist, buttery interior. Simple and simply satisfying. I wish we'd ordered two...omg. All in all, this meal alone justified our trip to Brooklyn (jk!)...Looking forward to sending all whiskey, bacon and BBQ lovers in this direction...I'll just be tagging along as well.
