Strolled in on a Wednesday night and immediately was seated at the bar with my boyfriend. The bar is a bit cramped so if you're looking for more elbow room, try to snag a table. The cocktails are a bit on the weak side. I had the house-infused kaffir lime gin and tonic and it tasted really unique, it just didn't have as much gin as a typical gin and tonic usually has. My boyfriend and I then started out with the wings. These wings were just as perfect as the time I had them in the LES at the other Pok Pok before that was made into a Pok Pok Phat Thai. The wings were lip-smackin' good. Sticky and full of flavor, the portion was HUGE. I'm not really into chicken wings, but these were so good I had no problem polishing them off. Next we had the papaya salad which was spicy (which I like) and wasn't too fishy tasting despite the dried shrimp. The menu says that they grind the peanuts in a mortar and pestle, but ours were whole. For entrees, my boyfriend and I got the Yam Wun Sen. These glass noodles were sour but not in a vinegary way - it was just the right amount of sour to compliment the spicy pork sausage and Thai chilies in the dish. The noodles were light but VERY filling. We ended up taking half of them home. Also, we shared the Hang Leh which has both pork belly and pork shoulder. Rich, rich, RICH! The sauce definitely needed rice (which you have to order separately) -- I think it went  best with sticky rice, but my boyfriend dunked his jasmine rice in it and was just as happy. Between the turmeric, the tamarind and the pickled garlic, you can't go wrong with this dish. It's gotta be the Thai version of comfort food. It wasn't spicy. Instead, it reminded me of a stew your mom might cook on a cold day. The wait staff was extremely welcoming and very knowledgeable about the menu -- always helpful! TAKEAWAY: It's a bit overpriced, but if you're up for an adventure off the beaten path and you've got a few bucks to spare -- spend them here! Just maybe order a beer instead of a cocktail and make sure you're ready for the spice level to be turned up more so than usual for NYC Thai food.
