The hype is what makes this place, Sunday night the girlfriend and I decided to try this place after hearing so many things about it. After searching for about 15 minutes for parking, we stood in a short line for about 10 minutes or so. We finally were seated by this older gentleman that must either be the manager or the owner. Everything inside is so cramped, we ordered a small pie, my girlfriend tried ordering wine and the bad news is for those that drink, they don't sell alcohol, maybe this is a temporary or permanent thing. After waiting for about 15 minutes for the pie, we finally got to taste what the big deal is about, well it was an ok pie, after a few minutes the pies tend to turn sort of soggy, at least ours did, we noticed that when it was brought it was a bit wet, no it wasn't the sauce, a small puddle formed in the center of the pie. The only crispy part about our pie was the small burnt crust, the dough had this refrigerated taste to it, we ordered extra basil and the pie only had 5 crumbled pieces on top. We left 1 piece of the 6 slices, not saying it was the worst pizza in the world, but it wasn't the best either. From the time you're seated to the time you're given the check, there's this feeling from the and I'm assuming managing staff (the older gentleman seating everyone and another short heavy set mobster looking guy) as if they're rushing you, it just feels as if someone is going to tell you "hurry up and eat" I once thought that Grimaldi's was a one restaurant deal, there's a poster at the front door with over 30 locations in certain states, makes me just think that this place is on it's way up to becoming the next Pizza Hut. Overall I'm not saying this is the worst place ever, but maybe they were having a bad night, but you know what they say it's the first impression that counts. This place has a lot of tourist pouring in, probably brought there by guide books, they probably think this is the best in NYC, is waiting in line as if it's for a FEMA help location worth it? NOOOO, go elsewhere if the line is that long. P.S. No credit cards are accepted at this place, take money out before you get there, the ATM at Grimaldi's charges $4.00
