I went to Fogo de Chao today (1/18/2010) for lunch.  I started with the salad bar (as, I suppose, everyone does).  Although things were laid out attractively, I wasn't impressed with what was offered.  Many items seemed like they came out of jars.  The olives were from a can or jar.  The cheeses had the semi-plasticky quality of blocks of supermarket cheese.  The croutons almost certainly came out of a bag. When we finished with the salad and said we were ready for the meat, they brought over garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta, and fried bananas.  The potatoes were definitely powdered mashed potatoes.  The polenta was nice and crispy, but it didn't have the contrast of textures, with a soft inside, that I was hoping for.  The first batch of bananas were OK.  Though they looked like maduros (fried sweet plantains), they were far inferior--less crisp on the outside, mushy on the inside, and not as sweet.  They brought a second plate later in the meal, and these bananas were pretty bad.  They didn't taste like bananas at all, so I'm guessing they were very underripe.   I was also disappointed in most of the meat.  Everyting was pretty salty--not unpleasantly so, but it obscured the taste of the meat itself.  Almost all of the beef tasted the same to me.  My favorite of the meats was the leg of lamb, which actually did taste like lamb.  When skewers were brought by, although sometimes my requests for medium rare meat were honored, other times the meat was more well-done than it should have been. At this point in the meal, my dining companion and I had already decided that we would most likely never be back, so we decided to try the desserts so we wouldn't be left wondering how they were.  We got a flan and the papaya cream.  The flan had a nice, thick texture, but it tasted too much like uncooked sweetened condensed milk and not enough like caramel.  The papaya cream was pretty bland.  It's a blend of papaya and vanilla bean ice cream with creme de cassis poured on top.  It had a creamy mouthfeel, but I couldn't really taste vanilla or papaya. The service was very attentive, but it sort of got in the way of the meal.  Although I realize a major component of eating at Fogo is the interactive experience, it was a bit distracting to have people constantly moving around to offer meat, clear dishes, refill water, and do the same to all of the other tables nearby. Overall, this was very disappointing.  It seemed like they took shortcuts all over the place, and nothing I ate was good.  I don't know that anything was bad, but for what they're charging, mediocre isn't cutting it.
