It's pretty amazing that Local 44 has managed to get a 2 star review from me, given that I actually really like the atmosphere, the food, the excellent beer selection - and the location can't be beat at 2.5 blocks from my house. However, I feel driven to warn people that this place has outstandingly rude service. It's been getting progressively worse. The most recent time I went there, I was was with a group of 5. The dining room was empty, it was after 9 on a weeknight, and three of the five of us wanted to eat. My friend asked for a table and they asked pointedly if EVERYONE in our party was going to eat, and then refused us a table "in case it got busy". After the two friends who were not eating decided to leave, I asked the hostess for a table again, and made a point of saying "There are three of us who would like to eat. Would it be possible for us to get a table?" Mind you, dining room still basically empty, while the bar section was packed full. She asked me, "Is everyone going to get an ENTREE?" Admittedly, at this point I lied and said yes so we could sit down. One of us ended up getting a salad, one of us got an appetizer, and one of us got an entree. At most restaurants, this would be an acceptable order - I wound up wondering if they would be mad at us for not all getting entrees. This is the second or third time I've gone there and they've refused to seat my group. As per usual when you go to a neighborhood bar, I'm basically always with a group where some people want to eat and some just want to drink. I don't go too frequently, we're not rude or rowdy, we're just normal people who want to hang out and have dinner and drinks with friends. I would be fine with a "Parties that aren't getting food can't have a table" policy, or even a "At busy times, everyone has to get food" policy. But for a place that seems to want to project the image of a friendly neighborhood bar, a policy of "We won't seat your party in our empty dining room unless EVERY person buys an ENTREE" is absurd. The rudeness with which the hostess lays out this policy is also uncalled for. I would be a regular patron of this bar if they would just be polite to customers, because again, I love the food, the beer, and the atmosphere [except the servers].
