Finally made it to the this infamous place to see what the hype was all about. Waited about an hour no surprise there. We were finally seated and needed some warms drinks to warm up so my boyfriend ordered the hot chocolate and i ordered the hot buttered rum. Both were very delicious indeed. The hot chocolate has a nice deep chocolate flavor and my hot buttered rum had an amazing apple pie smell with a buttery silky apple pie flavor with a splash of rum. for our brunch we chose to have the french toast  with double smoked bacon and the buttermilk biscuit sand which with sugared cured bacon, the french toast came with 2 large thickly cut slices of brioche with warm bananas and walnuts on top with a side of warm maple butter. The maple butter was so amazing, the flavor was so rich and delicious! As for the french toast is was good but not great. It was well cooked but we prefer french toast that has a more of a melt in your mouth creamy consistency. The maple butter definitely helped to give it more flavor as well. The french toast just failed in the richness factor which me and my boyfriend are huge fans off. As for the double smoked bacon we didn't love it just because it was a tad bit dry and the flavor was not all there. Now for the Butter milk biscuit it was yummy but it failed to mesmerize me. The biscuit was a crumbly texture as well as a bit dry for my taste and again not rich in flavor. The hash brown that came on the side was tasty once i added  some salt. The cheese and egg on the sand which was also nothing special and the tomato jam tasted just like tomato sauce to me. Now for my one mind blowing experience at this hyped place the SUGAR CURED BACON !!! Oh my lord it was so delicious and addicting!! That is the one thing that i would go back there for and maybe most of the reason I'm giving them 4 stars. I would go back for just the bacon it was that good. I am actually craving it right as this moment. Also for this reason I'm willing to go back and try some of their other plates. I am a true sucker for brunch.
