The first word I heard when I walked in was in Italian - immediate proof that I was about to get an authentic Italian experience. I was overwhelmed with options, so I walked around the entire place one time to get my bearings. Here are some of the main attractions: Individual stations: gelato, pastries, coffee, chocolates, paninis, freshly baked bread, freshly made pasta and fresh seafood. Restaurants: pasta and pizza, vegetarian, seafood, steak (the steak restaurant is called Manzo and is more high-end than the other three) and the piazza (for appetizers and wine). Shopping: cookbooks, imports and packaged Italian goods, pasta (so many kinds, most of which were new to me!), cheeses and locally grown fruits and vegetables. If it's your first time going to Eataly, it might be slightly confusing. That's why I think it's a good idea to go with a strategy. The Game Plan for Eating at Eataly: 1.Timing: Since Eataly just opened on August 31st, it is usually packed. Plan to dedicate at least two hours for your overall experience. Also try to go on a weekday (don't go too late or you might not get a reservation at a restaurant). You cannot make reservations in advance. 2.Walk around to get a better understanding of what Eataly is and what you can get there. 3.Decide on which restaurant you want to eat at and stand in line to put your name down for a reservation. Depending on the restaurant and the time, expect no less than a 45-minute wait. 4.While you wait for your reservation time, go to the Piazza in the center. The Piazza has several communal tables (standing, no seats) with waiter service for wine and appetizers (cheeses, seafood, and salume to name a few). Order a glass of wine and a small plate and hopefully by then it will be time to eat at the sit-down restaurant. 5.Eat and be happy 6.After you're done, take a walk around to observe Eataly in detail and perhaps buy a few items 7.Once you have room in your stomach to eat dessert, try a piece of chocolate (orange peel chocolate is a favorite) or some gelato (the pistachio gelato is very popular, and recommended by Bobby Flay).
