I went to Boqueria yesterday evening to meet up with & catch up with my cousin; she was looking for a Spanish tapas restaurant to try, and Boqueria was the restaurant that we settled with. I suggested it after taking all of the glowing reviews into consideration, and after seeing that it was only a 5-minute walk from work, and we were both happy with our experience. I arrived around 6:45, and the restaurant seemed pretty busy (pretty busy for a Tuesday evening, I thought), but I was seated immediately. I ended up waiting about 20 minutes for my cousin to arrive, but the server was totally understanding. I spent those 20 minutes taking in the setting. Boqueria was physically a little narrow, but the seating arrangement (booth seating against the walls with small, wood tables and minimally-detailed chairs) was fitting for the space, and I thought that the dim, moody lighting was idyllic for a one-on-one meeting. Also to note is that the noise level was loud, but not offensively loud; my cousin and I didn't have to scream to communicate, and it was charming to hear people having conversations and, generally, having a good time; it added a folksy and mellow quality to the atmosphere. When my cousin arrived, we ordered the brussels sprouts tapa, the cauliflower tapa (from the "tapas of the day" menu), and a pitcher of the bourbon sangria. The bourbon sangria was sweet, cooling, and not aggressive, and one pitcher was a sufficient quantity for two (for a weeknight). The brussels sprouts were fresh and refreshing, and well-seasoned, but I bypassed the chorizo (only because I don't eat chorizo, not because it seemed unappetizing or unappealing). The cauliflower was my favorite; it was well-seasoned, appetizing, and texturally appealing. We completed our dinner order with the egg omelette tapa and the mushroom tapa (sautéed mushrooms and vegetables topping a crostini), and we were equally happy with these tapas, however, these were much, much smaller tapas, and less filling. All in all, I would totally order the cauliflower tapa again, and the brussels sprouts tapa (sans chorizo), as those were my favorite bites of the evening. We went with the nutella-stuffed churros for dessert (per our server's recommendation), and I was immediately obsessed. The serving was a little small (six small churro bites), but they were beyond amazing (seriously, beyond amazing). The churro itself was deep-fried, and the classic, cinnamon-sugar sweetness was perfect. The nutella stuffed inside of the churro was sweet (but not too sweet) and warm, and the hazelnut really balanced out the sweetness of the dessert. My cousin and I had a really lovely dinner at Boqueria. We were thrilled to reconnect, and even though the restaurant was secondary to our reunion, I'm happy we went to Boqueria. Both the atmosphere and the mood were equally appropriate, and the food was tasty (and tasteful), and I'll remember those nutella-stuffed churros for a long, long time.
