As if a fried twinkie wasn't enough to clog my arteries for the day, I continued my culinary quest for famed foods with the french fries at Balthazar's, as raved by Bobby Flay on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b… Now, I am extremely particular about my fries. They must be piping hot, for I have an aversion for cold, oily, food, and must be immediately dipped in vanilla soft serve, followed by a final coat of ketchup laced with copious amounts of black pepper. Yes, that is precisely how I eat my french fries. So when I was presented with a cone of fries wrapped in wax paper, I had a momentary panic attack at the idea of consuming fried potatoes sans soft serve. static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b… But I mustered up my courage, carefully selected a french fry from the delicate fry structure, and nibbled away. The fry was moist yet not soggy; saturated with just enough cooking oil to melt in your mouth, but not entirely grease your fingers. The fries were served with a homemade mayo dipping sauce, which I dipped my second fry into. OH. MY. GOODNESS. The sauce completely capitulated the flavor of the fry to another level. The mayo was tangy, cutting the richness of the fry, and coated my mouth in pure euphoria with each bite. I continued to dip fry after fry into the delicious mayo, luring me with its shiny sheen and creamy goodness. static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b… I was in such awe with the dipping sauce that I simply continued to eat the famed french fries as a means of transporting the delightful mayo into my mouth. I even proceeded to dip my complimentary bread into the mayo, ignoring the container of butter that accompanied the whole grain and sourdough slices in the basket. I paused a moment in my mayo rampage to savor the taste of the bread, since Balthazar's adjoining bakery baked the table bread fresh daily.  The whole grain was rather dry, but the slice of soft sourdough was absolutely divine. Both breads were served at room temperature, though I would have preferred it warm. Alas, after polishing off the fries AND bread, I had nothing left to dip my mayo in. I even forgot about my pepper ketchup, which sat alone in the corner. static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b… Are Balthazar's french fries really the best fries I ever ate?  The fry itself, no. But a fry dipped in their decadent homemade mayo? Most definitely.
