We went to Saveur Creole based on the great reviews I have read from Yelp and we weren't disappointed. Walking in, it felt like we were in a restaurant in the Carribean. The place is small but it is decorated with bright colors and magical paintings of the beach. We felt good. It's a BYOB. There's a liquor store next door with a fine selection and resonable prices. That worked as well. The waitress brought over our menu's and and said if we have any questions regarding the menu, please ask. We started with the Saveur Creole Sampler which consisted of your choice of two empanadas, Marinades, and Haitian Caviar. The Haitian Caviar is a smoked fish spread over crispy tostones and topped with a dollop of goat chese and the marinades were deep fried vegitarian fritters. We picked the beef and crab empanadas. It was served with a dish of very spicy cabbage/ slaw. The entire selection was very delicious. Watch out for the slaw, it was very spicy but also went well with the food that was served. The main meals come with a homemade soup and a salad. The soup we had was a vegetarian soup that was to die for. Extremely good. And the salad was a garden salad with a fruity vinegarette. We ordered a salmon and shrimp dish in a red creole sauce as well as a filet of Atlantic Sea Bass. Both dishes came with a vegetable and sweet plantains. You had your choice of white rice, black rice, rice and beans or a mac n' cheese as a side. We picked the black rice which was very good. The rice was flavored with some herbs and spices and was very tasty. Both dishes were cooked perfectly. We didn't need it but we ordered the creme brulee'. The dessert took a while to come out. I thought it was strange that it was taking so long but we were patiently waiting. The dessert finally arrived and it was very hot. I must admit that I have never had a creme brulee that was hot out of the oven. Bottomline, the chef made it from scratch and it was very good. I would recommend a couple of fixes. The first was no bread was offered. If I go to a better restaurant, bread is usually offered. None this time. Also, it was a very warm evening and the place didn't seem to have air conditioning. By the time we left, we were very warm. We also asked for coffee (don't know why since it was so warm) but we were told "I don't know if we have coffee". A little bit of a strange answer so we went with the water. Glad we did since it was so warm in the restaurant. This was the first time we went to Saveur Creole. It certainly won't be the last.
