I never review a anywhere, but my visit just now called for one. The first inclination that we were in for a bad time was the fact that the parking lot was empty. We arrived at 8pm on a Monday night and no one was in the restaurant. My fiancé wanted split pea soup and after calling 8 diners, this is who had it. We sat down looked at the menu and were surprised to see that the dinner special prices were good so we decided on getting the teriyaki pork chop and a cheesesteak meal. Shortly after, the waitress came to say they were out of pork chops and to choose something else, so we ordered a chicken entree. When the soup and salad came out, it had onions and tomatoes on it, which I specifically said I didn't want. That was the second strike after not having the pork chop. Finally our entrees came out. The first bite of the chicken entree came with a huge vein through it. My fiancé refused to eat it after that. As I was eating my cheesesteak a piece of what I thought was onion fell out. I looked at it and noticed it was a piece of fat from the steak with no meat attached just fat. I appreciate that they slice up the steak, but I didn't enjoy a piece of fat sitting there. We called the waitress over about the chicken because I didn't want to complain about both meals. We told her about the chicken and she said "oh well it's chicken it has veins."  She then went onto say that's why she doesn't eat chicken with bones and never saw a vein in a cutlet. After a little going back and forth the point was made that we didn't want the chicken or anything else to replace it. The waitress then comes and drops off the check which they took the chicken off, but they charged the whole price for the cheesesteak even though they did not serve the dessert that the dinner special was supposed to have for the cheesesteak. Even if I wanted to finish the cheesesteak I felt like I had no choice but to leave because they just dropped the check off! Never will I go back here? So many other diners don't waste your money here!
