Freshman year I lived in the dorms across the street from White Dog. I spent an academic year lusting after the delicious smells wafting out of the tastefully decorated front door, while I settled for dining hall pizza. Well, I finally ate at White Dog last September with a couple of friends in celebration of the start of a new school year. As a poor college kid, I ordered a $14 medium rare burger that I couldn't quite afford. I had reasonably high expectations for that burger, because of the wafting smell thing and fourteen dollar price tag. Also I think the menu gave a lengthy description of the burger's origin, something about grassfed cagefree vegetarian organic amish cows. When our food arrived, my medium rare burger turned out to be well-done. And not in the good sense of the word. In the charred gray not a hint of pink to be found anywhere how could anyone desecrate a fine piece of beef like that sense of the word. I politely pointed out the burger's well-done-ness to our waiter, who apologized profusely and hustled off the kitchen to order another. I spent the next 20-30 minutes daydreaming about my burger watching my friends eat their food thinking that our waiter must have effed up and written down the wrong order because how could anyone work at a place like White Dog NOT know how to cook a medium rare burger? By the time my second burger arrived, my friends had finished eating. I was slightly annoyed that my bun wasn't toasted this time, because they took 20-30 minutes to remake a burger in a nearly empty restaurant and didn't have the decency to toast the bun. I was more than slightly annoyed when I cut into it and realized that this burger looked exactly like the first one. In fact, they had probably just spit on it a few times re-warmed it and slapped it on a cold bun. I didn't have time to try my luck a third time, so I just ate it. After hastily dropping of burger dos, our waiter made himself scarce until it was bill time. Didn't ask how my food was, didn't refill our water glasses, I mean the man was avoiding us! While we were waiting for our bill, a family at the table next to ours asked the waiter to explain to their kids what the difference was between a well-done, medium-well, medium, medium-rare, and rare burger. Before beginning his spiel he shot our table a glance to see if we were listening. We were. With rapt attention. I've never seen anyone get that red while saying the words "a medium-rare burger should be pinky-red in the center." When he picked up our plates, I left nothing but a sizable chunk of grey hamburger on mine. He still made no comment. When he came back to drop off the bill, I told him that my second burger was no rarer than my first, and that he should let the cook know how his medium rare burgers were turning out. He apologized again and ran off with our money. No offer for a free burger, no nuffin. We ended up giving him a pity tip because honestly his life must just be terrible if he had too much anxiety to take ownership of an overcooked burger. So in summary: over-hyped, over-priced, poorly executed food. Either vindictive or completely incompetent kitchen staff. Sheepish servers. I'd hit up random freshman for a guest swipe into Kings Court English House's dining hall before I go back there.
