If you don't like long Yelps you might want to move on to the next one.  In my entire life I have NEVER EVER been treated as rudely and with such complete disregard while dining as I did tonight!  I am appalled that someone who's job it is to work with people could be so completely rude and arrogant and still be employed!  Tonight I met with 3 friends for dinner, 7:30 res.  got there, ordered no problem.  Decent food.  Nothing earth shattering. Our waiter Roi was friendly.  We had arranged to meet an additional person at another bar later on this evening.  We were handed our dessert menus....and waited.  We waited sooo long to place our dessert order that our other friend arrived and we still had not ordered.  So we brought him to our 4 top and politely requested that a 5th chair be brought over and told the waiter we were ready to order our desserts.  He went off to ask the Maitre 'd for a chair.  Meanwhile we asked the kind lady sitting at the next table if we could possibly borrow her chair as no one was using it.  She complied.  Still waiting for someone to take our dessert order.  By now its been more than 25 min.  Suddenly, Justin the skinny maitre d with the oversized glasses comes to our table demanding that our friend get up from the chair.  "you do realize you can't use this chair.  I'm going to need it in a few moments.  Since the only one using the chair was a pocketbook we didn't see the problem. A second person came over and also rudely insisted that our one friend get up as he needed that chair now.  We politely suggested that if someone would finally take our order that we would be out of their hair ASAP.  At that point we ordered 3 desserts and two coffees. When the desserts finally arrived we ate quickly so as to not annoy Justin or the other manager who refused to give us his name.any further.  When we were just about finished Justin or the other guy( they looked very much alike) came back to the table and berated us and repeatedly insisted we get up and sit at the 6 top behind us.  We said that since we were almost done that it seemed excessive to move us all since we would be gone in less than 5 minutes.  He then told us "We are lucky they even allowed us to have the 5th person sit with us.  The arrogance and complete disregard for polite demeanor finally got to us and he stated that he had a large party of 8 so that they needed both 4 tops put together.  We moved ate our three bites that were left and at that point realized it was not a party of 8 it was 2 separate parties.  One of 3 people, the other 2 people.  Since the 6 top we had been forced to move to was actually 3 tables pushed together I'm still perplexed as to the reason why we moved.  We paid tipped our waiter 20%.  We were again approached by Justin or the other one and told that "We should consider ourselves lucky they even allowed our fifth person to sit there and not eject him.  This is after spending $265.00.  I made several more attempt to explain had they taken our order a 30 min earlier when we asked for the menus we would have been gone by the time the fifth person arrived it would have been a non issue.  He looked down at me and his most contemptuous arrogant voice said" well, since the waiter insists that he tried to take your order several times and you refused we'll have to look at the security camera to see who is lying". I don't care how packed your restaurant  is or how cutting edge  you THINK your menu might be.  There is simply no excuse for such egregious attitude and complete disregard for social skills.   The food was certainly not good enough to warrant such arrogance on the part of Justin the maitre d or his doppelgänger cohort who blatantly refused to divulge his name.  I nor will any of my friends will ever enter the premises again.   Additionally, the decor was like a dirty poorly decorated backyard.   The unmarked bathrooms were filthy and did not lock properly.  Somehow I think there must be a couple of pretentious, hipster hangouts where the food is better and the people actually understand the concept of manners especially n the food industry.  Don't bother th food is not anywhere as good to justify such behavior.
