::DECOR & AMBIENCE:: The first thing anyone notices about Room Service is the gorgeous interior. It's trendy, it's sexy, and the glass encased chandelier centerpiece is really stunning. But my appreciation for the decor quickly wore off because dining at Room Service was like dining in a club or lounge, fun in concept but a bit problematic in reality. The music is overly loud so it's hard to hear what your dining companions are saying and the space is tight so you're squeezed in next to a bunch of strangers. ::FOOD & DRINK:: The specialty drink list is creative and extensive, but I think the food is average at best. I already knew not to expect authentic Thai food so I decided to avoid the traditional curries and noodle dishes and order off of the seemingly promising "eat like a Bangkokian" menu. Unfortunately my SPICY SQUID INK SPAGHETTI was disappointing and not at all spicy. yelp.com/biz_photos/dtnm… The overall blackness of it's appearance did little to conceal it's true colors as a dumbed-down, overcooked lo mein. My friend fared better with the GRILLED TURMERIC HALF CHICKEN, which at least was grilled perfectly, but it also lacked depth of flavors. yelp.com/biz_photos/dtnm… Basically from what I gathered - Room Service : Thai food : : P.F. Chang's : Chinese food. ::SERVICE & THEME:: The Lolita style uniforms of the hostesses complete with mini top hats are really cute. And I like that the servers are all dressed up to match the glam surroundings. The service was friendly and all of our food arrived in a timely manner. However, "room service" as a theme is not particularly inspiring because my impression of room service is when you order food to your hotel room out of laziness. Then when the food arrives you immediately regret ordering in because you realize you've overpaid for average food. Oh. I see what you did there, Room Service. After considering all of these factors, I can only think of one scenario in which Room Service would be the perfect place to go; When you get set up on a blind date that you aren't keen on going on, take your date here. Room Service is trendy and flashy enough to be impressive and the food is passable, but the close proximity of tables and the loud blasting music will excuse you from keeping up a proper conversation. I can see myself going back to Room Service for drinks but not for the food. I'd give them 2.5 stars but I'll be nice and round up because the Room really was quite stunning and the Service was up to par.
