I've been a regular of Hot Diggity since their inception, and for good reason: they're awesome. They're definitely THE Hot Dog place in Philadelphia, and a real contender for the best fries. The hot dogs are authentic Sabrett 100% Beef dogs, which are a clear winner over your usual Chimera-dogs. A plain dog with onions, relish, mustard and/or ketchup is cheap and tasty at about 3 bucks, but anyone will tell you one of their custom dogs is where its at. These gourmet creations are as artistic as the clever illustrations which detail their fresh components. My favorite is the Saigon Fusion, the golden child of wiener and Thailand's bánh mì sandwich: cilantro, raw red onion and jalapeño, house pickled cucumber, carrots and a fantastic thai chili vinaigrette with Sriracha. There are also 20+ dip options for their excellent fries (or for your dog, because why not). I choose the spicy ginger (now appropriately called HD! Sauce) and the pesto mayo 9 times out of 10. The beauty of Hot Diggity is that there will be something for everyone. This includes vegetarians for HD's veggie dog (and even veggie chili for the Cincinatti Skyline chili dog). Each month brings a new limited edition hot dog and sometimes a special side. One month they had poutine, which was amazing. If the management is reading this, please bring back the poutine! One other thing to note is the special events HD holds, namely, their super-fun bad movie night. A novel concept only really executed by drinking spots like the Trocadero and maybe some other bars around the city works even better here, with an endless hot dog buffet and appropriate topping bar (the psychadelic kung-fu freakout, "The Story of Ricky" was accompanied by an all-Asian selection, for example). A special dessert is also served. As 20 bucks a head, it's a little pricey, but an experience which is well worth your time and portion of your paycheck. The staff are also really cool. The owner runs a food vlog which showcases different offerings at the store. Check it out!
