Amazing meal at Osteria and I am already thinking about my next visit. Summer in the city is great - it lends itself to less crowded bars and restaurants and more readily available reservations.   Summer in the city definitely allowed me to score a nice time slot and enjoy Osteria at a leisurely pace to really savor everything that we ordered.   And order we did. Arriving a bit early, we snagged two seats at the bar and were greeted by the friendly bar tender who quickly got my prosecco and offered a tasting of an interesting draft beer for my companion (and a little taste for me too) which he decided on at first sip.  Before we even finished our drinks, our table was ready and we were set to dig into the menu.   Our original table was a small cramped table sandwiched between two others with diners not willing to budge.  We didn't even have to say anything before an employee came along, saw that we were uncomfortable and scooted us over to a different spot.  Lovely - so far service was off to a great start. The menu at Osteria is truly a listing of one delectable dish after another.  So much so that choosing proves to be quite a challenge.  We wanted it all! So - what did we do you might ask?  We got it all! I have wanted to try the Lombarda pizza since Osteria opened so we started with that.  Paper thin crust, sweet sausage, fried egg - what more could a girl ask for?   Next came the dish that I have been dreaming about since my first visit - chicken liver rigatoni.  Now if you're like me, you wouldn't even think about ordering this dish.  Chicken Liver?  No thank you.  Well lucky for me and my fellow diner on this visit, my co-diner last time ordered it and allowed me to sample.  It is not an exaggeration when I tell you that I have never had anything quite like it before.  It is more than delicious but I am having a hard time coming up with a stronger word.  Just please, take my word for it.  You will not regret it.   And for our main course (yes, we kept going after that!) we chose the dry aged rib eye for two.  At $50 per this is not your everyday dinner item but I have to admit that it was absolutely delicious.  Perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful.  Was it worth it?  Well, I don't know one rib eye from the next and my cut did have a good deal of fat on it but from what I can gather from my companion, it was worth the money and the time.  YUM!  While I'm sure I won't be having that every time I visit Osteria, if you are in the market for a delicious rib-eye, go for it.   Dessert was a simple, creamy budino that I enjoyed but really I could have just ended the meal with a simple bite of chocolate and been satisfied.  Drinks for us were montepulciano for me and a dogfish head on tap for my partner in culinary crime followed by a cappuccino for me to finish the night off.   All in all, tasty accompaniments to our dinner choices.   I don't get to come to Osteria as much as I would like.  I have yet to come simply for a glass of wine and a pizza.  And while I know that would be lovely, where would my chicken liver fit in?  And if I'm going to order both, I might as well order a main course too.  Oh Osteria - what have you done to me?!
