Let me walk you through what happened last night.   I had never ordered or even heard of Sticky's but it was late and I was hungry.   Seamless.com showed 4 stars out of 5 and a 25-40 minute delivery time with a $15 minimum.  Sounded good.   At 1:05am, I ordered the 5-finger "Chicken Deal" for $14 and a sandwich for $5.50 on Seamless.com.   At 1:55am I called Sticky's and asked if my order would arrive soon, and was told "All the Seamless orders are on their way".   At 2:22am, I called again, and it rang 7-8 times before going to a recording saying that there was nobody there to take my call.  Were they closed?  Did they lose my order?  Am I going to bed hungry?   At 2:32am, my buzzer rings, and a (very polite) delivery guy drops off a paper bag containing my order.  He apologizes for the order being late and tells me that next time my order is late I should call and request a discount.  Next time??? So let's talk about the food.  Was it worth the wait?  Unfortunately not.   The 5 Piece Chicken Deal was supposed to come with slaw and sauce.  It came with neither.  The chicken was of good quality, and the batter had a good peppery taste to it, however the batter was uneven (way too thick in some places) which resulted in uneven cooking (hard / burnt from absorbing too much oil) in some places.  Once you peeled that stuff off, the chicken was quite tasty.   The sandwich was essentially a single chicken finger sloppily put on a poorly sliced piece of bread.  The way the bread was sliced  (tiny top, huge bottom) there was no way you could hold it without your fingers actually going inside the sandwich.  The bread was so hard in some places (was the bread old or just over-toasted?) that I had to pull pieces out of my mouth and toss them.  Honestly at first, I didn't know if I was biting on a weird/hard piece of a chicken, or bread.   The fries were lukewarm and soggy - completely inedible.  No idea if they were once any good, but I tried half of one and it was starchy and wet.  Tossed the rest.  Guys, you can't deliver fries in a wax paper box - they will steam themselves soggy.  Put them in a paper bag like Coffee Shop, so they're delivered hot and crisp.   Side note, and not that big of a deal: the order was supposed to come with napkins and utensils.  It came with neither.  I don't know how you're supposed to eat fried chicken without napkins.   Overall, this place appears to be run / staffed by people who just don't care.  With the number of other options for food (and late night food), I don't see this working long term.
