I had the worst delivery experience of my life when I ordered from here. I called up on a Sunday when they were busy, and they told me it would be about an hour wait. No problem. Then they called me a few minutes later to say it might be more than an hour because they were slammed. They estimated it would be 60 to 90 minutes. Alright, that was long enough so we might need a snack, but I appreciated them telling me. I told them that wouldn't be a problem. We popped in a movie, had some nuts and raisins to hold us over, and waited patiently. After two hours, I was getting a little concerned, so I gave them a call. The woman there told me that our order was done and sitting there, but they didn't know where the delivery guy was. "He should've been back by now. We're getting a little worried actually." Uhm, OK. But she said she had my number, and she could call me. Fast-forward another 30 minutes. I had to call them five times in a row before they picked up. It was now around 10:30 p.m. on a Sunday, so I guessed most of their calls were from frazzled customers. The woman said the delivery guy had picked up our food and left 20 minutes ago to drop off four orders, including ours. I told her at this point she should probably comp. at least part of the order, seeing as we had been waiting hours for our food. She said, "You'll have to figure that out with the delivery guy." The delivery guy called a few minutes later. He was nice, and quickly agreed to comp half of our order. I felt sorry for him because he was having such a rough night, and told him I didn't blame him. The tacos would've been pretty great if they'd been hot. The avocado one was especially tasty. The thing is, they'd been sitting on the counter for 45 minutes before they got to us, so they were soggy and cold. At this point we were so delirious with hunger we ate them in a couple of minutes. The kicker is that they forgot our side of beans They had charged us for it (before the delivery guy partially comped us). Guero's has the potential to be good if they get their service together. The woman I talked to said "Sorry" about our wait, but she didn't seem genuinely apologetic. I get that they were understaffed and had a flood of orders, but at that point they should've a. stopped taking delivery orders and b. started comping the ones that were taking hours to go out. Instead they sent us cold food and messed up our order. That's on top of it taking almost three hours to get to us.
