The Food: Appetizer: Creamy Spinach/Artichoke Fondue Entrees: 2 Sliced & Diced Steak Pillow Paninis & the new Roast Beef Waffle Sandwich The Experience: There were three of us and b/c we didn't have reservations, we had to wait about 30 +/- minutes to be seated. When we were seated, we were put at a table for 4 in the back. The bad about this is, we constant were overlooked on drink refills and what not. Upon sitting, we asked our server what he recommended for apps. His response, were the two most expensive ones, surprise! Well we went ahead and ordered the Spinach Artichoke Fondue. It was good, but it's just like any other spinach/artichoke dip combination. Nothing special. Then came time to order. My fiancee's friend is lactose intolerant and asked for there to be no cheese on his panini. The server automatically responded with "The kitchen is too busy to handle special requests, sorry." WHAT? Too busy to cater to your paying customer? Especially, when concerning a food allergy? That's a first for any restaurant I've ever been to. Mind you, while the restaurant was busy, there wasn't an event going on or even a line of people waiting to be seated. Anyways, we get our food and the Steak Panini is out of this world delicious. The fries that came with it were waffle fries that were perfectly crispy and seasoned. They were served with a side of Chipotle mayo, yum! The Roast Beef Waffle sandwich, was completely opposite. The waffle was cold and hard, the roast beef (and entire sandwich) was dry, and over all it lacked flavor period. Stay away from the waffle sandwiches, it's not as good as it sounds and you will be disappointed. After Thoughts: The manager could also use an attitude adjustment. He always looked angry and never once stopped by our table to see how we were doing. When our server came by and asked about the food, we told them about how the waffle sandwich was horrible. He just laughed and walked away. Who laughs at a customer complaint? I work in customer service and the first thing you respond with is an apology and an offer to make things better. Please re-train your servers for the sake of your business. As others have mentioned, I will not, nor have any desire to, return to this place. I hope my $70+ tab was worth NOT gaining a repeat customer. I'll keep the last laugh.
