Things have changed drastically from the first review to the one lately. All reviews are really helpful in some way and I found the owner was always listen to her guests feedbacks (the 5th star go for it). I am not a Pho-natic, but I do have Pho every night at work since the day Pho 68 opened. I know how it was and how much different it is, totally fresh and delicious now. The owner herself is a good cook. She was busy in setting up the business, and now she has time to give cook team a strong helping hand. Stop by and give her a praise if you feel the food tasty, or just frankly feedback to help her business improve more in the future. The owner husband is dedicated and faithful man ever. From the time I know how nice he is to his family, especially his wife, I am proud to be the friend of family. Menu now has more dishes, including vegan food. It's satisfied those vegetarian guests, indeed. This's not a secret, Chicken soup once removed from menu list, but now come back with more guests ordered than ever. Commented by Judith R., "The shredded chicken pho here is absolutely amazing." If you don't like Beef or Pork, so, let's check it out for Chicken dishes. The restaurant is renovated, gradually - not slow at all. The owner's family and friends has only Tuesday off to refill the stock, but they do try their best to decorate and renovate the interior space. Pho 68 - Vietnamese cuisine is more authentic and traditional with ground orange wall and greenish bamboo "curtain" which is pretty harmonious and leisurely. You would enjoy the space. I was a guest to a friend of family, and even recommend my friends visit the restaurant. What they have told me is the place is really appropriate to relax or do socializing in free time. How about when you are in rush - because of short lunch time, have an appointment but feel hungry, or whatsoever, save this number (860) 461-7069 for pre-order, to-go order; then you would save lots of time as the food would be ready when you come. They're doing very good job, amazing maneuver. Rating 5 stars for everything they have done so far and reference from guests who visiting the restaurant lately. P.S Parking on the side of the building, it's on the down slope of New Park ave. toward New Britain ave, so just slow down at speed limit while driving on New Park, you will see the parking lot sign.
