I've always wanted to try it her so the hubby surprised me with dinner before a concert on Saturday. Half of the restaurant was dim and candlelit and a bit crowded but kind of romantic. Where we sat was in the back room with bigger parties and a bit more space.there were some kids there which was nice to see because it makes me feel more comfortable bringing  our baby along next time! I wasn't really in the mood for a huge pasta dish so I ordered a caesar salad, which was huge and delish and crab chips. The crab chips are my new pregnant obsession!! They were perfectly thin crisp sluiced potatoes topped with yummy jumbo lump crab meat, old bay seasoning, and provolone cheese. Think Chickies crab fries but classier ( ha ha) with crab on top!!  I had them put the long hots on the side and no bacon. Even though I only had apps, I was still unable to finish as the portions were good sized. My husband had baked eggplant for an appetizer which was also very good. Im pretty picky with eggplant but this was great! He ordered ricotta tortellini, which he asked to come without parsley. Not only was it brought out with parsley but it was in the sauce and inside with the cheese in the pasta itself. He returned it to the waiter and at that point we were pretty stuffed and wanted to leave room for the yummy dessert we found not to mention we had tickets and didn't want to wait for a new meal to be cooked. Kind of upset with the waiter as he should've known what was in the meal, found out, or when he actually saw it filled with greens, returned it. Worse than the waiter was the manager who earlier during appetizers came to see how everything was and we said great. Problem was his response to us returning the uneaten meal was to have the waiter tell us that he had asked us if everything was ok and we should've told him them. Ok buddy, not only as a manager YOU should've come to the table when there was a problem but you asked us before we got our meals. Finally, we saw him again and I explained what had happened. He kept questioning by husbands allergy asking for a specific name and accusing him of eating my "green" long hots from my meal. He followed that rudeness with him saying that he would take off our dessert (choc chip cheesecake which was awesome). We explained the dessert wasn't the issue and his meal wasnt even touched. He continued to try to take of the dessert! Finally, we got our way. Geez!  We were appalled at how rude he was and what bad business that was. Luckily, it takes a lot for my laid back husband to get mad but it pissed me off. The food that we did have was great and we will be going back but it could've been a better experience if it wasn't for the cocky manager. My husband reminded me that nothing was going to ruin our night! All and all, he was right but, the manager still needs to be called out, wish I got his name. We will be going back perhaps with our lil girl and when we can sit outside on a nice day. I am obsessed with those crab chips...., pregnancy heaven.
