I was visiting SoHo for the weekend and was staying at the Trump SoHo and couldn't figure out where I wanted to take my guests so I called down to the concierge who without hesitation said Aurora and no place else. She said she swore by out and there would be no way we would be disappointed. She also told us to make sure we save room for dessert - duly noted. I told her to go for it and see if she could get us a table. Aurora was able to accommodate us at 10pm, which was perfect timing in our book. When we arrived, we saw a bustling restaurant with a certain lounge-y element to it - perfect! We walked in, and although the space is narrow and the bar patrons were hanging out, we made it to the hostess stand and were seated in a matter of seconds. Our very cute waiter showed up a few seconds later welcoming us to the restaurant and asking us if we had any questions about the drinks and letting us know that if we don't see anything that catches our eye, the bartender can make whatever we wanted. We opted to go with their Bellini and their cucumber martini and I wouldn't have had it any other way. The Bellini was delicious - not to sweet, and just the right amount of bubbles. The cucumber martini, well, let's just say if there was a level above perfection, this martini is it. Crisp, clean, and refreshing. The perfect drink to go with any dish you order because of how light and smooth the flavor is. After perusing the menu for a little bit and looking around the restaurant, we decided to order the caprese appetizer - hearty tomatoes and burrata mozzarella - drizzled with a touch of olive oil, and a touch of salt and pepper... wowza! One of my guests ordered the rib-eye, cooked medium well, and couldn't stop raving about it from the first bite to the last. "OMG it's melting in my mouth" was all I heard throughout dinner. That is, until I took a bite of my dish - the lamb-chops, cooked medium rare. My other guest also ordered the lamb-chops, cooked medium well, and we both looked at each other after the first bite, and knew we were in heaven. So tender, so juicy, so scrumptious - I am having a hard time putting it into words. As someone who very rarely orders lamb, let alone enjoys it, I couldn't have imagined anything tastier or more delightful. As we were eating, we made sure to not over-do it, as we had dessert eagerly awaiting us. Per my concierge's suggestions, we ordered the panna cotta and their chocolate dessert. While the chocolate dessert was sinful, it was pretty standard as far as desserts go. The panna cotta on the other hand? OMFG!!!!!!!!!! To say that this dessert is one of the greatest culinary experiences of my life is an understatement. The flavor and consistency of the panna cotta itself were nothing short of amazing. I've been to many Italian restaurants where it is either too gelatinous or sometimes even soggy, but no, at Aurora, they know what they are doing. Perfectly firm, but the second your spoon hits, it comes apart just right, without falling apart all over. The strawberry soup it sits in is another treat. Not too sweet and with the aged balsamic drizzled over it, the blend of the two with the vanilla of the panna cotta does this little dance in your mouth and on your tastebuds that is absolutely incredible. I know I live in DC, but I plan on coming up for dinner at least once a week to try out the rest of the menu at Aurora, because if my first experience was nothing short of the best "O" I've ever experienced, I can't imagine what the rest of the menu is like!
