So, I feel a little ambivalent towards this place since I really really wanted to like it, and this review may be best for those considering bringing a BIG group. I booked a reservation for about 20 people here on a Saturday night for dinner and drinks at 8pm to celebrate my birthday. No problems with making a reservation, and girls I spoke to on the phone were really nice. Already a plus in my book. When we got there however, the situation was a bit bizarre. It was not like an ordinary dinner, where somebody takes everyone's orders for appetizers, entree, etc. The waitress, although very sweet, became very flustered very quickly about dealing with a big group. Orders were taken randomly so no one got their food at the same time. The waitress blamed their small kitchen for the extremely long waits. I was one of the last people to get my entree and one of my guests never got her food at all. On the plus side the drinks were excellent and most of the food received was yummy. There was also a bit of unprofessionalism going on, with one of the waitstaff complaining to a guest about how people left early and didn't pay. The fact was people who left early gave me money to settle the bill once we were done and I was more than happy to take care of any outstanding bill. This should never have been something told to any of my guests who just came to celebrate with me, but addressed with me directly. Finally, once we became a smaller group towards midnight, we were hoping to stick around and get more drinks and dance, but were kicked out of our remaining table despite many other tables being empty. Since one of my friends was recovering from a knee surgery and couldn't stand up for long periods of time, we were forced to leave. I did leave on a somewhat pleasant note as I was offered a birthday shot on my way out. All in all, maybe it was the large group, flustered waitress, off night, or whatever other reason, but what I hoped to be a fun celebration fell more than a bit flat at Fat Buddha. I am willing to give it another shot with a smaller group if I'm in the neighborhood.
