Don't believe the hype.  If I convinced my convive to trek out to Queens and wait in line for an hour, the ramen better be damn good.  It's nothing special.  And this is in addition to the other irritations that make Mu Ramen underwhelming. With Pete Wells of NYT naming Mu Ramen as the "best" in New York, only 22 seats and a no reservation system, I expected there to be a wait.  We arrived 30 minutes before the opening, and my friend was the 14th person in line.  So, although it was miserable outside, we were relieved that we'd be in the first seating.  Fast forward to the opening, it took 30 minutes after that point to actually get seated at a table.  They were clearly trying to space out the diners, but if that's the case, something as basic as a glass of water should be offered for the additional "inside" wait.   And, to add insult to injury, even though we were the 14th and 15th persons in line, we were the last party of two to be a part of the first seating.  When you shiver for half an hour in line with others, you know exactly who is in front and behind you.  The couple directly behind us waited an additional 90 minutes more than we did to be seated.  Okay, doing some simple math, you ask how in the world could the 16th and 17th persons in line have waited 2.5 hours for a table when we "only" waited an hour?  The staff were clearly welcoming their friends and family to skip the line.  The high fives and hugs with staff gave these relationships away.  New Yorkers do not initiate conversations with stranger servers through bear hugs.  That poor couple arrived at 5:05 p.m. and did not have a place at the table until 7:35 p.m. when we were finishing up our meal.  Most restaurants give preference to their friends and family, but in a cozy no-reservation setup such as Mu Ramen, it's really a slap in the face to diners excited to try this place. Returning to the food, the best thing we had was the U&I.  And I mean specifically the uni and ikura, because the rice was undercooked and unpleasantly crunchy.  Deep fried foie gras sounds interesting in concept, but it's awkward in execution.  Again, the ramen is fine.  But not standout in a city with Ippudo, Ivan and Totto. Finally, as other diners have mentioned, this place suffers from inefficiency.  There is an entire wall for coats that could be used as dining space.  Same goes for the waiting space in front.   So be forewarned.  If you absolutely must go, either expect a 2.5 hour plus wait, or show up no later than 5:00 p.m.  Or, just don't and opt for Ippudo.  You're not missing out on anything worthy.
