Never again: Beyond unprofessional, did not respect our agreement and almost ruined our event. Due to the extreme lack of professionalism of the Bahche café, our surprise farewell gathering for our family was almost ruined. Thankfully we were able to change our plans at the last minute (after a lot of phone calls, e-mails and brainstorming) and have our gathering at another venue. But we will never again come to the Bahche. Moreover, the rudeness of both the event organizer and of manager of this café made this whole experience even more unpleasant. My husband and I mistakenly chose the Bahche as the venue for our gathering after going to their buffet brunch, since, even though the food wasn't amazing (yes, there are many items, but the amount is far from generous and nothing was more than satisfactory), we really liked the space. It's big, beautiful, and there's a separate play area for the children, which we loved. So we thought of organizing a surprise farewell gathering there for our family. What a mistake! We were extremely cautious and, since we didn't want to invite people without making sure it would be feasible, we contacted the Bahche over a month in advance to make sure we could sent out an invitation. I was told to speak with the event organizer, Karina, which I did--again, over a month in advance of the gathering (June 2 to be exact). I wanted to make sure we could reserve tables, and only after she said yes and OK'd it did I send out an evite. In the beginning, the Bahche's event organizer was pushing us to come for the Sunday brunch, but since my husband and I didn't want to force people to pay for a brunch they might not want, and since we couldn't afford to pay for everyone's buffet brunch, we decided to go with Saturday. I told Karina this, and she said it was fine, we should just order some food in advance because the Bahche likes to make sure they have everything we want. All seemed to be in order and running smoothly, however, we were soon to find out that the Bahche would not honor their word. Ten days before our gathering I called to confirm, and a few days later I told Karina what food we'd be offering our guests. The next day Karina called to tell me how much it would cost, and she then added--for the first time!--that it would be an extra $250 an hour for setting up tables and clean up. This was the first time she'd ever mentioned this fee even though we'd spoken on the phone several times already. I told Karina this, to which she replied that it was a new policy. I mentioned that we had had an agreement prior to this policy, and the least they could do was to respect our agreement and allow us to have our gathering there without the fee. She wouldn't budge. I then asked if they'd waive the fee if we set up our own tables. She said yes. So I told her that we'd set up our own tables, or even sit in separate tables. The following day Karina called to say that the manager wanted to let me know that even if we didn't make a reservation, and even if we set up the tables ourselves, they were still going to charge us the $250 an hour! At this point it was only 3 days before the surprise party, and when I mentioned that we'd invited around 30 people, and that we'd only done so after they had assured us that it'd be possible, we encountered absolutely no sympathy. I even asked if they'd compromise: we'd pay $250 plus the food we had ordered for a 2 hour gathering. They said no. Instead, we were told that we wouldn't be kicked out if we showed up, but that we'd be charged the $250 an hour. It was clear we couldn't show up now for the gathering without the risk of being charged an absurd amount of money. Especially considering they weren't closing the café for us, and we'd be sharing it with other customers. They weren't even going to reserve a section of the café, only set aside a couple of tables for our group! I asked to speak to the manager but was told that he wasn't available, and that the only way to talk to him was to come to the café and speak to him in person. When I said I couldn't come, I was told there was nothing that could be done. It almost sounds as if they're not interested in pleasing their customers; they certainly don't go out of their way to be courteous or respectful (forget about being friendly). This is not how you build a clientele. This café changed its policy after having an agreement with us, and it nearly cost us a very important event that we'd been organizing for over a month. They forced us to change our plans at the last minute, and to scramble to find a different venue for our gathering. I've never had such a negative experience when organizing events or making reservations. There are so many cafés and restaurants in the Park Slope/Gowanus area--there is no way I will ever return to this café and, unless they change their attitude and behavior toward their customers, I don't see them becoming a very popular hangout. It's really too bad.
