After having decided I needed to go to Greenpoint to try out one of Peter Pan's ice cream sandwich donuts, I settled on Five Leaves as a great place for some delicious brunch. I waited a whole week in anticipation until today finally came. Unfortunately, I can only describe my experience at this restaurant as a disappointment. Somewhere between the 40 minute wait to be seated, quickly deciding what to order before I got up to wait on a 10 minute line to wash my hands next to a fly infested garbage can, only to return to my tiny cramped table to see no one had taken our order, a sense of foreboding crept up on me. After waiting a few more minutes to have our server greet us amidst the very loud obnoxious clanging at the bar by the baristas or whatever, it seemed that no one was interested in serving us. I flagged down one waitress who walked around with no sense of life in her eyes who I literally had to gesture wildly at because she was trying so hard to look past me and ignore me. After what felt like she had no choice but to acknowledge our presence, she informed me I would have to wait for my server. Um, what? Ok, so we waited a few more minutes and again, no one. I was starving at this point and luckily this man took pity on me and took my order. I still don't know who our server was bc everyone we interacted with was different. Two iced coffees in and I was already dreading the food. You know when a brunch place serves bad coffee, it's never a good sign. Our sugar syrup cup was also dirty with traces of milk and had a tiny piece of some herb stuck on the inside so if you're looking for a clean relaxing brunch, please go somewhere else. All I felt was my blood pressure rising from all the noise and clanging of dishes and silverware falling (literally happened more than ten times). I actually felt a wave of relief wash over me as a walked outside. Bottom line, atmosphere really killed it. Too cramped and slightly dirty with workers who didn't want to be there. I shouldn't have to work this hard for mediocre food. If you want amazing pancakes go to Buttermilk Channel. If you want a good alternative to Five Leaves burger, go to Sunburnt Cow in the city. All are much better than this place. After writing this, was going to give 2 stars but will settle with 1.
