I84 was stopped dead so we decided it would be a good idea to grab a bite and let the traffic dye down since the goldroc is rite next to the highway exits and entrances. We almost missed the parking lot, and when we pulled in the lot was what you think a diner should look like. The inside is updated with neon lights all around and there was someone waiting to say hello as soon as the door was opened. We sat down to hear the people behind us complaining where there food was because I guess it was taking too long...wasn't sure what to think at that moment. We ordered quesadillas and I had ordered the prime rib with clam chowder. The chowder was good. Homemade,with nice chunks of clams. It was creamy and what a chowder should taste like. The only thing that bothered me was I pulled a whole bay leaf from the chowder which seemed out of place. Also there were carrots in the chowder which threw me off and it was served with saltines instead of oyster crackers. The food came out reasonably fast. The portions were big. My girlfriend had ordered the quesadilla appetizer as her main course and I had the prime rib(with French fries to"share"). Her quesadilla was big with huge sides of sour cream and salsa. Cooked good, and loaded with chicken and chesse. It was big and tasted ok. Nothing too spectacular about it. MY PRIME RIB...well to start I had ordered it medium with French fries instead of a baked potato so I could share. The portion was massive, though there was a big bone in it and I'd prefer my prime rib boneless...I had asked for medium, even though it shouldn't make much difference in a prime rib. It came out WAY OVERCOOKED and the cut on the meat didn't look fresh to me(like it was a leftover piece from the night before) and that is never a good thought to have. It tasted like a roast and definitely not anything close to how I like a prime rib. Then the French fries(which I normally would never have ordered with the rib) we're practically swimming in the au jus, making them nice and soggy by the time the plate landed on the table in front of me. Everyone there was ordering breakfast(at 7:30 P.M.)so maybe that's the way to go next time. Everyone says stick to the breakfast and you should be ok so try that.
