I gave this place more than their fair share of chances, and as a last resort I'll *still* occasionally drop in, but I'm at the point where I'll sooner drive a few extra miles out of the way to avoid the place. I've had a number of bad experiences at this place, both with the food and with the service. The menu that some have described as 'eclectic' is actually completely schizophrenic, and the food quality is *consistently* not very good. I'm not someone who orders the same thing every time I go somewhere, I've hopped around their menus, and none of the food is of very good quality, and it's not prepared well either. Most things that can be greasy in this place *are* greasy. Amazingly, almost every single piece of meat I've ever had there has been  overcooked. Nothing looks particularly fresh or gives the impression that it's made in-house except for the desserts, but I'm not one to go out of my way for good desserts. A few reviews mention the cleanliness not being up to snuff, and I have to agree, the place is pretty filthy, but I guess I just never cared. I never went in there looking to impress anyone. Finally, the service and general demeanor of the staff and management is generally putrid. There are *some* folks there that are genuinely pleasant. They deserve to go work somewhere else. The one owner I've ever spoken to has no business interacting with customers, and I really just don't want to do business with people like that. Sadly, this place makes a living off of the Lawrenceville Prep School, which is full of teeny-boppers for whom the most important determining factor in their choice of cuisine is whether or not it is within walking distance. It will probably be taking up space there forever, which means a really good place cannot eventually move in. Not every place in that town center depends on a captive audience for their business, by the way, I do as much business as I can with the local business owners, and regularly patronize a number of those businesses. As far as I can tell, they're all great places. Maidenhead Bagel, a couple of doors down is far better food for a good bit less money, for example. But this place is a bit of a sore thumb, and doesn't seem to care.
