This is probably the best Thai food I've had, ever. That might not be saying much, since I've only tried a handful of places, but from my two experiences dining here, there really isn't much I would've done differently. The first time, I got the Pad Kee Mao (due to a fellow Yelper's raving on how it took her a year to stop ordering it!) and I almost had to fight off my boyfriend's prying fork off my plate. The tofu was perfectly cooked, the noodles were fantastic in texture and taste, and the vegetables fresh and abundant. I had a few bites of the boyfriend's panaeng curry, which was also quite the delight-- perfectly creamy and peanut buttery, with an extra kick of something I've never been able to replicate in cooking at home since (and I've tried). The second time, I went with a friend at around 9:30, and for some strange reason the place was packed. Our 20-minute wait was worth it though, and my Eggplant sweet basil didn't disappoint. The rice was a little too greasy for my tastes, but the eggplant was delicious and satisfying. As for the appetizers, I've tried the fresh Spring rolls and the deep-fried tofu. The Spring rolls themselves were just okay-- the filling couldn't been better.  However, the 2 dipping sauces more than made up for the rolls' ho-humness with their very different, yet complimentary, flavors. The fried tofu was deeeeelicious, but probably not something to which I'd subject my heart every time.  I still really want to try the veggie dumplings (if anyone has, shoot me a message!) The place is BYOB, but with all that food I found water was plenty. The service is fast and friendly, and the interior is cute (bonus: magazines by the window sills while you're waiting...I caught up on some interior decorating fluff via Domino). Can't believe I've waited so long to go here. Lemon Grass is closer, but (no offense) only a tenth as good.  With the average dish under $10 and lots of vegetarian options, I'm sure this restaurant will be receiving more of my had-earned cash in the year to come!
