Cedar Point is the restaurant I want to love, but just can't. The beer selection is always fantastic and I'll keep coming here as long as my laundromat is across the street...but the food, I just can't do. I tried one of their vegetarian options at brunch and admit that I erred in going for one with a fake meat option...but there are so many places that do this well that I had hope. What'd I get? A couple of biscuits with Morningstar vegetarian sausage, covered with an admittedly decent gravy, and a healthy dose of regret. On subsequent visits I've tried their mac & cheese (ok, yes, this is good), their pumpkin soup (tasty but someone went overboard on the spicing - prepare to spend the entire meal blowing your nose), the kale burger (on which, more below), and a falafel plate (confusingly, served with no pita - so an hour later, I was ready to eat again). The kale burger is the item that most baffles me. Every time I've been in Cedar Point someone's devouring this thing; after a couple months wondering what was so great about the burger, I broke down and ordered it. I was disappointed in every way. The kale burger is just what it sounds like - a kale patty that doesn't taste like much (except kale) and doesn't come close to a solid burger consistency (instead, consistency of mushed kale). Adding insult to the whole thing, the burger held together so poorly that every bite sent a little more of the patty crumbling onto the plate, so that before every bite I had to open the bun, fork the patty back in, and repeat. The root chips on the side could have, should have, been delicious, but the salt was so poorly distributed that I ate tasteless chip after chip, until finding the three that took the brunt of the salting. Really, I don't know what else to say. Most of the food has been a disappointment, but of a generally predictable variety - because, really, who expects a kale burger to taste good? Who thinks that vegetarian biscuits and gravy is a good idea? My best advice is to explore the beer menu and to assume that any menu item that sounds too good to be true definitely is, and that execution errors will mar even the safer options. On the plus side, the servers have always been pretty on top of things, and they have that deck.
