Illili is an upscale restaurant with dimmed lighting, lounge like music and incredibly high ceilings.  I came here 3 times over the past year and finally got around to writing a review.  I'll begin by saying that for each one of my visits, I came with different people and they all LOVED it.  THE FOOD IS SO SO GOOD!  Granted, I love Mediterranean dishes, but everything I've had at Illili was knock-my-socks-off-good.  Im kind of obsessed with this place!  There is a lounge area and bar as well as a sneaky hidden little upstairs and a few different seating rooms.  The service was very helpful each time; the waitresses took the time to explain the different items on the menu and provide successful recommendations.  I cant wait to come back here because I want to try literally everything on the menu but some of the things I can cross off my list.... *Duck shwarma Wraps: have an incredibly tasty sauce and are complemented with pomegranates and shredded lettuce.  Really interesting, but balanced combination of flavor and popular amongst most patrons (as our waitress informed us). *Blackened Brussels sprouts with grapes, walnuts and fig jam; served with a minty Greek yogurt - this is one of my favorite things on the menu.  The Brussels sprouts are juicy and tender but so dark and crunchy on the outside.  With the sweetness of the grapes, figs and fresh walnuts, it's a light and healthy side dish.  This honestly made me go home and try to blacken Brussels sprouts to replicate this side- its that GOOD. *Falafel - comes in little square cubes; always a good side dish option.  Very crunchy on the outside; perhaps maybe they were just a bit overcooked. *Veal Bacon mini pancakes with pickle, hot peppers and I don't even know what kind of sauce (something a little sweet) but they are very popular and once you try it, you will understand why.  Just the fact that they serve bacon with a pickle in a mini pancake required me need to order.  Just cute, delicious, and if you order anything it should be this for sure. *Hommus - tasty and authentic.  My friends always enjoy it, and there's usually nothing left for the dogs.   I like adding shrimp and jalapenos - makes for a really nice complement to the spread. *Knefe (dessert) - semolina, melted mozzarella, pistachio and honey.  It is a lot to eat and very cheesy so be prepared for one heavy dessert. When it comes to cocktails and wine... I would recommend trying one of the Lebanese reds - I've thoroughly enjoyed a few.  As far as the cocktails go, there are quite a few yummy creations but my personal favorite is the "From Beirut With Passion"; its an interesting vodka based with a mix of passion fruit, basil, cilantro and mint. P.S. THEY HAVE HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS!
