I wanted to go to Smashburger for lunch the other day. Instead, I accidentally drove to a Five Guys Burger & Fries, so I decided to eat there anyway. If you've never eaten at a Five Guys, it's styled as a retro burger joint, with spartan furnishings and decorations consisting mostly of their awards and accolades. The red and white tile theme gives it a throwback atmosphere, and employees wear red uniforms to match. Five Guys falls into the "fast casual" dining experience, which is another way of saying that they have found a way to charge a premium for the classic American favorite: a burger and fries. Their model is somewhat gimmicky (complimentary peanuts while you wait), coupled with an all-fresh ethos that promises to never use frozen beef - the website states that there are no freezers in any Five Guys restaurants. (As a side note, they also claim they do not use ammoniated treatments on any of their beef supplies - aka, "pink slime".) The menu has only 18 items on it: eight burger variations, four hot dogs, four sandwiches and two types of fries. The simplicity of such a menu probably saves each franchiser a lot on overhead, and makes it fairly easy to choose your meal option. Fifteen free toppings options give you the ability to customize your burger. We ordered two cheeseburgers, two small fries and a soda priced as follows: Burger - 4.99 Burger - 4.99 Fry - 2.29 Fry - 2.29 Soda - 2.19 Total: $17.93 Either there was an error made placing our order or the store's menu was priced incorrectly, because the cheeseburger was listed closer to six dollars. Corrected for the error, that would have put our order at $19.27, with tax. Even though we were dining in, the food was presented after about 7 minutes at the counter in two separate brown bags (there is a self-serve soda fountain). We picked the bags up and brought them to our table where we spread the contents onto... nothing. There were no trays or plates. It was either eat it off the table or out of the wrappers. At our request, a friendly employee gave us a foil burger wrap to spread our fries on. The 'small' fry was so generously portioned that it could easily have fed two hungry adults. It left no reason to doubt that Five Guys uses in excess of 123 million pounds of potatoes in a given year*. The fully skinned, Pont neuf-cut fries were freshly made and tasty, with the right amount of salt and not too much grease. The burgers were also generously portioned, somewhere in between what you might expect to get at McDonalds and a Fridays. The patties were thick and mine was cooked on the rare side of medium. The toppings were all fresh, and the whole package offered a mouth-watering, savory satisfaction. Except for the oil-based, single slice of 'fake cheese' that dripped over the top of my other-wise decent burger. A real low point in the food quality. In addition to not providing anything to eat on, there were no napkins on the tables, a small gesture that would have been befitting of a 'fast casual' style restaurant. The Five Guys experience is supposed to be repeatable across the franchise. However there is no way to review the restaurant generally without offering some observations and criticisms directly related to the location at which we ate. The employees were friendly, but not particularly enthusiastic about us being there. The manager sat at a small table on the other side poking at his iPad and never once asked us about our dining experience or checked in to make sure our order was OK. On the positive side, the facility was very clean, including the cooking areas, dining room floor and the men's bathroom. As far as value, it's a tough call. The food was good, but at nearly $20, I could have had a similar experience in a sit-down restaurant (Chilis, TGIF, etc.) with similar portions and quality along with a more personalized, attentive wait staff. I guess I wouldn't have gotten free peanuts, though. Five Guys is worth a try, but its standards aren't high enough that it would be a place I frequented for a burger.
