Not impressed, incredibly disappointed! If the service were not so horrid, I may not see through the lens you are about to see through. As a HUGE fan of pin up girls and all things 60's related, I have been aching to go here for as long as I could remember. On a Saturday evening, walked in and the waitress told us to sit wherever. We told here we had 5 more coming, making it a total of 8 of us. We arrived at 10:15PM and showtime was at 11PM. Place is fairly small. Bar behind you, baby stage in front of you and a pole smack dabbed in the center of everything outlined with tables. She asked if we made a reservation and we did not, as we were all unaware that this type of establishment called for reservations in advance. She rolled her eyes at us. She said we can sit at the table next to the door, which would have been fine on any other night that it was not 6 degrees. We asked if we could sit in a different corner and just move the tables together so we could all fit. Again, she sighed, to reinforce how much of a burden we had become on her night. Twas but a foreshadowing of what was to come... Our guests arrived, a few at a time. The waitress was running around, juggling the entire restaurant. Our friends waited almost 30 minutes for her to come back to our table before they gave up and bought drinks from the bar. When they came back from the bar, the waitress had the audacity to disrespectfully say "IF YOURE AT A TABLE, ORDER THROUGH ME. IF YOU ORDER FROM THE BAR, YOU SIT AT THE BAR" We told her if she was around, we would have ordered through her. I thought Hells Kitchen only put on Burlesque Shows but we were watching ladies work a pole. When I think of burlesque, I think of playful teasing and stripping; not gliding up and down on a pole, spread eagle and repeat. The pole was greased up and the ladies on it seemed to be slipping. Pole also looked like itd pop out of the hole it was haphazardly placed in as it jerked back and forth when used. Show was for a good cause as all entry donations went to a charity, which is cool. I too can totally respect the art of pole dancing but was surprised to see that over burlesque. Cute girl in a black and white striped fuzzy bikini blew fire from her mouth and lit her arms and legs with it. That was fun to watch! I ordered the pirogues and thought they were pretty good. They ran out of blue moon and guiness so a black and blue was not an option. I am sad to say that my return to this place is unlikely as much as I really wanted to believe in this spot! Shame.
