Of course, I heard about the famous chicken & rice at 53rd and 6th from countless friends (both local and out-of-town), so when I found out that our hotel was just 3 blocks away, I had to go get some. My drive to get chicken & rice was so strong that when my mom and brother decided they were too tired, I set off on my own to walk out there and wait in line. Miss out on chicken and rice? NOPE. I waited in what seemed like a pretty long line to me, but for less than 30 minutes (I got there at about... 9 PM?) and in no time at all, I was at the cart. Initially, I was really intimidated by the long line, especially since I was out in the city all by my lonesome. But the halal guys are very very fast. In fact, when I arrived at the cart, I was worried I'd hold up the line! $6 for a delicious plate of chicken, rice, a bit of cabbage and some pita bread. Of course, little cups of their faaaaamous white sauce and one cup of their infamous red sauce were included. I took my little yellow bag back to my hotel all excited about being able to join the ranks of chicken & rice lovers. I cracked open my plate and took a little whiff first. Smelled pretty good! (I was wary because I don't eat a lot of halal food.) I took a teeny taste of the famous white sauce and waited. Hm. It's okay. I don't know why they call it crack sauce. I poured some into the chicken and rice and started eating. Hm.... yeah, it's fine. Obviously tasty, but why are people raving about it? And then I inhaled the entire bowl while desperately scraping out the last bits of white sauce from its little to-go cup. ..... whoa. What happened? Why was the second plate that I had brought back also half empty? Did my mom and brother eat it? Nope, they had fallen asleep already. .... I had just inhaled about a plate and a half, and was very seriously contemplating licking the inside of the white sauce cup. (I'll never reveal if I did or not!) (Oh, and I did try some of the red sauce, just so I could say I tried some. YOWZA. For a girl who already can't handle spicy foods, that was a bit masochistic of me, not going to lie.) It's not a foodgasm in your mouth instantly. But you will be surprised at how fast you devour this. And for $6? Definitely a great deal. (Celebrating my 100th review! Ahh, what better way than to salivate over chicken and rice?)
