I made the awful mistake of having "brunch" at The Pines yesterday and it was by far my worst dining experience in the 20 years I've lived in NYC.  Let me recap: I arrive solo at 12:45 for a 1pm table of 5.  When I arrive the place was dead, and also ~5 degrees warmer than the heat-waved sidewalk. I ask for a bloody mary and the bartender says I'm lucky bc they only have enough mix left for about 3.  I ask what time brunch ends and she said 3pm. I mentioned that we have a table of 5 coming in and asked if she'd put aside one drink's worth for the bday boy (which she did).  When I mentioned having a reservation she looked puzzled and said that there were no reservations in the book for today.  I should note that a non NYer in my group found this place and made the reservation, and she did so about two weeks back.  I looked at the book with her, which had no entries in the time/date grid, and then spotted our reservation written small in the corner, versus being on the grid.  Odd. Anyhow, I remained optimisted and glanced the menu, which was about as anti-brunch as any brunch menu I've ever seen. A total of seven items -- three of them fish -- with no eggs or anything else remotely brunch-like.  I remained positive while chatting with the bartender and mentioned that it was a very whimsical menu, and asked her what her favorite item was.  She went through the list saying why each dish was great (not what I asked her) and then went on to mention that they might already be out of a couple of their [seven] choices.  Really?! At this point my spidey senses were tingling big time. My party arrives [on time] and we're sat.  By that time a pretty decent crowd had amassed in the dining room, which was somewhat reassuring.  We were given warm, ice-less water (in their hotter-than-outside restaurant) and proceed to sit for -- I shit you not -- 45 minutes with nothing but our warm water.  We asked for ice and they eventually came back with a water pitcher that had a handful of mostly melted ice cubes at the top, and then went on to top off our warm water glasses (making almost no difference to the temp).  To confirm, we did place a drink order about 30 minutes prior, at which time they announced the lack of bloody mix (short of the one they saved for me) and so the rest of the table ordered their only other drink option -- a grapefruit juice mimosa.  After we got our 45 minute melted ice refresh we asked about the drinks, only to find out they they WERE OUT OF GRAPEFRUIT JUICE.  We should have walked out at that point but I refrained from pushing bc I already had the person in my group who chose the place feeling bad, and I could tell she wanted to ride it out and seen if the food brought any redemption (it didn't).  Anyway, we were told that they were at that very moment squeezing fresh OJ to get us drinks (never even asked if orange was ok).  15 minutes later (the ONE HOUR mark), we were brought the most lackluster mimosas ever, most of the let down being the 45 minute wait for the drinks to arrive.  I should also note, btw, that the bloody mary mix was absolute crap: Watery, no horseradish, extremely underwhelming.  Oh, and they used a jigger to measure out the single shot of vodka, so it was both crappy AND stingy. So somewhere in that first hour we placed our food order -- never being told they were out of anything -- and when the meal finally dropped (at 2:15pm -- the first food we've seen all day, including no bread, for our 1pm reservation), we find out that, AFTER ALL THAT TIME, one of the items ordered was out, which amounted to one of us not being served anything.  So four of us sat there with food, sharing portions with the 5th, while the kitchen "scrambled"  to bring out the alternate dish they recommended to our unlucky party member: some salmon crudo.  It took them 15 minutes to throw together a plate that consisted of 5 pieces of salmon sashimi strewn amidst pieces of torn rye sandwich bread (with a sauce drizzle of some sort).  THAT took 15 minutes??!!  Christ, after all we've been through they should have had that out in 15 SECONDS, especially given what a simple/boring dish it was.  The rest of us were done when the salmon finally arrived. The entire meal should have been comped. It wasn't (very little was).  The Pines should be ashamed of itself for their disgraceful performance. Amateur hour x1000. And all this comes from a bonafide foody with YEARS of fine dining service experience, btw. EDIT: In the interest of fairness I want to point out that the owner has contacted me directly and offered to make amends by way of a refund.  A very professional and classy move, and a greatly appreciated gesture. Had this been offered by the manager yesterday (I don't believe the owner was present) it definitely would have diffused (or altogether squashed) this review. Also, I do want to mention that the lamb bacon (from my Lamb BLT) was stellar.
