Very pleasant dinner for our first time at this rustic spanish eatery. Our party of 4 had 8pm tix to a Saturday night show at NJPAC. Not looking to be rushed we made a 6pm reservation at Spanish Pavilion because it was recommended by a friend for having good food and being less than a mile from the show. And all turned out to be true. We had the pick of our table when we arrived at ten to six, but the place quickly filled up by 7pm. We started with martinis and then shared a bottle of Tempranillo for dinner. Appetizers were the queso manchego frito (excellent!), clams with herbs in butter sauce (a special, not on the reg menu was delicious & great dipping sauce with bread), pork kabobs (juicy & tasty), artichoke dish (in a lemon white wine sauce, also very good) and crab stuffed mushrooms (they were decent but too much stuffing made them not as flavorful). For dinner we ordered two entrées to share which included a house salad for all - house dressing was a sweet & spicy catalina style -- very tasty. Our entrées were the skirt steak cooked rare (very delicious!) and the paella for two (but it easily could feed four. also very delicious, and plenty to take home for lunch the next day). Our service was very attentive, clearing and resetting plates with new utensils and constant refilling of our water glasses. The food was not fast, but we do not like to be rushed so there was always something to eat and drink which was perfect. We told our waiter we were going to a show and he remembered to bring the bill with plenty of time to depart. This allowed us to use the restroom which was also very clean. We did not have time for coffee & dessert but truthfully we were all so full we wouldn't have been able to eat it anyway. Upon leaving, the manager Jerry asked us how everything was. We said great! And got to talking and he wound up letting us leave one car of our cars in his parking lot for the 90 mins we were at the show. Such a bonus to a great evening! Thanks to Jerry and all the staff at Spanish Pavilion, we will tell our friends and definitely be back again real soon!  -H.W.
