Who says trendy restaurant with great food in a space which was once a loading dock has to be in Brooklyn? Barbuto is delightful.  The experience starts even before you get to the restaurant as you walk the West village streets in amazement that what was once a dismal, run down area full of garages and warehouses and brownstones is now filled with ultra hip people who now live (and eat!) in renovated, trend-ified garages and warehouses.  Barbuto makes this painfully obvious as 2 walls are made of glass paned roll-up garage doors.   As I walked in, I was astonished that I would be "eating in a garage" - something I hadn't thought about since I was a kid when my mother threatened me for not getting along with my brother.  But I'd heard such good things about the place. The drinks at the bar were done just right - and I'm a stickler for my properly prepared Gimlets.  And the snacking olives were just right. I would highly recommend the cheese plate.  The variety and the quality were amazing, expecially the Gorgonzola Dolce, which had a bit of sweetness which went so well with the blue.  Other highlights were the grana padano, but all the cheeses were excellent. The staff was very helpful, our waiter made some excellent suggestions and helped us put our meal together.  He recommend brussel sprouts, which were prepared well enough to make a brussel sprout edible, but still, it's a brussel sprout, and should only be forced upon people who you don't like.   The Black Bass in a bag was another fantastic dish, a whole fish with herbs sealed in parchment paper and roasted.  If you know how to de-bone and eat a whole fish I highly recommend this - otherwise it will be a fishy mess.  The waiter encouraged us to go to town on this fish, that the tastiest meat was around the jaw - and even encouraged us to try the eye.  Extra points for encouraging adventurous eaters. Barbuto is a fantastic restaurant for the after work, trendy, adventurous, pseudo-bar-scene, good food crowd - whoever you may be.
