Somewhat missed the mark We have dined at Trattoria Rustica before and were pleased; so much so, that we brought good friends with us on another visit. Our most recent visit, however, was somewhat disappointing. Although I want to give Rustica higher marks, my intent is to have my comments noticed by Ownership so that their level of stature stays consistent. First off, paper dinner napkins were found on the table; we were advised that the restaurant had "run out" of their linen napkins. Frankly, the Montclair area is not exactly Cambodia and I dare say that making a run to a local store would yield a wide variety of linen napkins any day of the week (in a pinch). Italian bread with butter was placed on our table shortly after arriving. Frankly, I'm a bread and butter guy and I must point out that the four (4) slices of bread were approx. 2" long and about 3/8"" thick. We began eating the bread which was consumed rather quickly. We left one slice, being polite with each other. Surely we could have asked for more; we did not. We expected our server to offer same. Now, to be clear, this discussion is not about bread, it's about the fact that Rustica is that type of restaurant that should provide more than adequate bread...nuf said. Not one to overlook their famous meatballs, I ordered them as an appetizer. The sauce was, as usual, wonderful. However, it appeared that the interior of the meatballs had been frozen. My entre' consisted of one of the Specials, clams and shrimp over pasta. The clams yielded very small pieces of clam, the shrimp were adequate. The pasta serving portion was, perhaps, suited for a child, and overall, the temperature of the food (other than the meatballs) was not up to par. Now, seeing that I was very hungry and, did not want to make a fuss, I proceeded to eat all of my food. (Note that we were the ONLY diners in the restaurant when we ordered which would have provided more than ample time to properly prepare our food.) Considering all of the above, combined with the "not so inexpensive" pricing, Rustica missed the mark during our visit which concerns me when compared to earlier visits.
