To break the endless beer of 2014 Beer Week, I decided to dine at Chip Roman's newest restaurant, The Treemont. My party of three plus me had a great time. The party consisted of two restaurateurs from out of town, a avid amateur foodie, and me, a former chef. When we try out a new restaurant, we like to try as many dishes as possible from as many of the different food categories as possible. The Teemont is perfect for this kind of tasting. The menu is divided into small, medium, and large plates. From the enticing small plates list, we chose deviled hen egg with duck confit, scallop crudo, and chick pea fritters with spiced yogurt (wow!). Each dish was delicious. We would have enjoyed a second egg on the plate as much because of its deliciousness as our hunger level. The pickled mustard seeds on the egg added a nice sharpness to the sweet creaminess of the egg. The crudo was close to a ceviche and was very fresh. The chickpea fritters reminded me of the tofu cubes I used to love at the local Burmese restaurant. Those were tofu based. The Treemont's were creamier on the inside and the yogurt was beautifully tangy from cumin and other spices. Six hour cured cobia in a beet vinagrette was perfection. We fought over the last piece. For medium sized plates we tried the foie gras terrine and the nettle + ricotta gnudi. Chip Roman's foie gras terrine is similar at all of his restaurants. Creamy, delicious, classic, reflecting his training at Le Bec Fin. the gnudi reflect his training at Vetri. This is the end of nettle season and it was a great way to finish that part of the year. Fear not, it is now garlic scape season and they showed up later in the meal. It would be difficult to decide whether the foie gras or the gnudi were richer since the gnudi got the sage and brown butter treatment. Exquisite. We then moved to the entree portion of the menu. We took the John Lee Hooker approach substituting for one bourbon, one shot, and one beer, one meat, one poultry and one fish (served two ways. For the poultry, we enjoyed the Amish chicken with fingerling potatoes. It was prepared sous vide and finished in the oven. The secret to this dish was the sauce ... pumpernickel sauce. Don't ask, just try it with a big malty beer. The fish was tuna served two ways, the belly and loin being differently prepared and served in a light, flavorful broth with garlic scapes. The belly was so rich and fatty that two bites were enough. The loin was roasted and oh so fresh. Chip is a fisherman and knows his fish. The meat was a Chip classic, sixteen hour slowly cooked short ribs with grits. Fork tender, The meat was melt in your mouth good. Accompaniments for the entrees included green and white asparagus and charred beets aigre-doux. Since you've read this far, let me give you a tip about Chip. It something on the menu contains beets, get it. Trust me, Well, we were done and my chef friends had a long drive back to the wilds of Pike County so we tried some of the Tradstone candies and caramels from another of Chip's enterprises. Service was professional (thanks Paulina), the welcome warm (thanks Leah) and the cocktails cold and delicious (thank you unknown bartender). Restaurants like this are  why I love dining out.
