I know. Five stars usually means either the person writing the review is related to the owner of the place or they have no real sense of what good food and a good restaurant is about. I'm not related to anyone there (I'm German-American) and I have culinary background, owned my own cafe, and have worked in both the front and back of restaurants. I'm also really picky about service and food quality. Cuban Pete's is a great restaurant. Really! The decor is bright, cheerful, full of very good artwork and photos. It does have a very slight "chain" restaurant look to it, but not much. (It's not a chain by the way and I hope they don't aspire to that. That's always the death of a good restaurant.) The service was perhaps the best I've experienced in years. When I waited tables (many years ago) the rule was that  you greeted the person at your table within two minutes, even if it was to tell them that you'd be right back to take care of them or to take a drink order while they looked at the menu. Over the years, I've developed a real impatience with the usual sitting at a table waiting for what can sometimes be a really long time to even be acknowledged by our server. My policy now is not to wait more than five minutes before asking for a manager. Longer than that, I just leave unless there's a really good reason to stay. Our server, a young man named Anthony was one of those increasingly rare servers who does his job *very* well. He was at our table in less than a minute with menus, took our drink order, and returned promptly. He took our appetizer order and then gave us time to consider our entree choices. During the meal, he was attentive but not in a way that way overly attentive - which can be as annoying as being ignored! He explained the menu when my wife had questions and made certain that our food was prepared the way we ordered it. The food was excellent. I grew up in and around Union City, NJ, in the '50s and '60s and many of my friends were Cuban so I always ate the best Cuban food around. The food at Cuban Pete's brought me right back to those days. Churrasco, plantains, rice and beans, pollo, flan..all great. And the appetizer of almond stuffed dates wrapped in bacon (something I'd never had) was incredible. We ordered it twice! I don't drink, but my daughter loved the sangria and she's as fussy as I am. And apparently Cuban Pete's is known for their sangrias. If you want a delicious Cuban meal, Cuban Pete's is the place to go. I'm looking forward to going back in the warmer weather and enjoying it again outdoors in their courtyard!
