Quick Summary: - Feels like you're in Paris - Food highlights: Salade Nicoise, Seafood platters, duck shepard's pie, french onion soup, steak-frites, onion rings, and the bread. - Can get kind of loud and the tables are very close together (typical NYC) but does not detract from the great environment in any way. - Reservations highly recommended but they take walk-ins - Great service - Check out the bakery next door for take out salads and fresh bread My favourite restaurant in the city. It feels like you are in Paris, very authentic. While it is very crowded and can get a little loud, I personally feel that this adds to the environment. And honestly if they had less tables I'm sure I would never be able to get a reservation, so the more tables they can squeeze in there the better! I've never been without a reservation, but I've been a handful of times and usually make reservations about 2 weeks in advance and have never had a problem getting a table at the time I want. I've seen many walk-ins who can either get a first-come-first-serve table near the bar, or wait anywhere from 20 m - 1.5 hours. (People actually wait that long and  yes, it's worth it). Now for the food.. Their raw bar is amazing and both of their seafood platters are a great value and really fresh and delicious. They're salade nicoise is one of the best I've ever had (I also regularly get the take-out version at the Balthazar Bakery next door) and their french onion soup is better than home made. The duck shepard's pie is super rich and definite comfort food, perfect for a cold day. Their onion rings are to die for and my red meat loving friends went crazy for both the steak frites and the steak au poivres (peppered steak). Oh and the bread for the table is fresh made in house and is amazing (I also like to pick up a loaf of the walnut bread from the bakery next door). And the service... Even more than you would expect from a higher-end restaurant such as this - especially one this busy. They were perfectly attentive while also tactful with timing and giving guests their space. Also should note they were not up-tight at all like some higher end restauranteurs often are, I've been with groups of my friends (in our 20's) and they've never been anything but very nice and accommodating.   Its the attention to detail that really puts them above and beyond. For example, when eating from the 3 tier seafood platter, as soon as you have eaten enough they will come and rearrange the food on the bottom two platters so you can see across the table again (and they will do it again onto the bottom platter). And when they serve you the seafood they put 3 bowls stacked in front of you so they can switch out your bowl of empty shells without you even noticing. I really can't say enough great things about this place. Have taken many out of town friends (and my parents) here and got nothing but rave reviews. Even got my dad their cook book for christmas because he was so obsessed with the onion rings.
