I'd give it four stars for my experience, but three for my boyfriend, who felt incredibly sick a few hours after we ate. I'm not sure if it was too much salsa, a sensitive stomach, or what, but figured it was worth mentioning at least. Now, as for my experience, I'd been meaning to try this place out since it opened and I read that they had goat tacos. As I enjoy trying new things this instantly grabbed my attention. Unfortunately NoLibs is a bit of a hike for me so I just never got around to it. I'm glad we did today although if I ever go back it's going to have to be sans boyfriend. The bar LOOKS really cool. I liked the decor, dark with Christmas lights and the ramshackle liquor display behind the bar where we ended up waiting for a half an hour or so before our table opened up. The restaurant was pretty accommodating about that table, as well, since half of our party hadn't shown up yet when we sat down. The margaritas were probably up there with some of the best I've had so far in the city, definitely on par with DIstrito's non-cantina drinks. I started with the regular one and while it was good, switching to the blood orange was even better. After tasting that drink, half of our table decided to order them too! They are small, but strong, and just really tasty, a good balance of tart, sweet, and alcohol kick. Next time I'd probably just save money and order a pitcher. The chips were nothing special but the complimentary salsa had a great taste, especially the salsa verde, which I don't normally like at all. I also quite enjoyed my dish. It was a little annoying to have to pay extra just to get jalapenos and cheese and sour cream, but it was a worthwhile addition. The goat itself was great! I wasn't sure what to expect, but it was gamey but not too gamey, stringy but somehow soft all at the same time. And although the meat was really juicy, the double tortilla survived being lifted up into the air. The tacos are very generously filled with meat, too--I couldn't even eat the tortillas on the third one, but I was determined to finish the goat. The service was good--though it was sometimes hard to hear the waitress over the din. And the bill was a little over a hundred bucks, which I didn't think was all that bad for five dishes and seven drinks.
