I LOVE this place. Seriously. And I've only been here twice. The service is perfect, the food's perfect, the vibe's perfect aka I can bring friends here. I love how they bring one dish at a time, but so quickly, about a minute or two after you finish the current one.. so you can really focus on the flavors of one dish at a time. They must be super organized back there, but they look so calm and pleasant walking around the packed dining room! They're amazing. The first time I went with my boyfriend on Valentine's Day and did the pri fixe for 50 each. It was such an amazing night, it was just perfection in every way. I don't remember every dish, but there was this appetizer of sauteed mushrooms and bacon over buttery, creamy cauliflower puree, topped with the sauce from the shrooms and bacon, a poached egg and caviar. It was unbelievably decadent and fitting for "salt & fat", but it was worth every calorie. Plus, we all know fat tastes goooooooooooood. The duck in sweet n sour jus was delicious on Valentine's day, it was ridiculously juicy. But the second time, my mom ordered it, and it was a little tough. Regardless, go for it anyway. It has lychees, and a crisp skin, and my boyfriend loved it. I definitely however, as much as I liked that duck, was happy to get the last filet mignon that night. Oh my god, it was juicier than I ever thought filet mignon could be. Like, just butter-knife tender and succulent. It was smothered in BACON BROWN BUTTER SAUCE which was amazing on so many levels. God, I love bacon and butter. It came with delicious creamed kale that soaked up the brown butter, and roasted marble potatoes. SO FUCKING GOOD GODDAMNIT! I just made myself hungry. Anyway, sorry. So yeah, the dishes I loved the most from the actual normal menu would be the fuji apple salad, the oxtail, the scallops, the bacon buns and the ice cream/sorbet trio. They have fun flavors like bubble gum (my fav), thai iced tea and something apple. I wanted to try the fried chicken but they were all out, so sad. But they give complimentary popcorn popped in bacon fat before your plates! And complimentary probiotic orange flavored yogurt drinks with the check. Yum.
