We had a poor service experience a couple weeks ago at Riverpark.  This was the 75 degree Thursday in March, and 2 days prior, I had googled something like "best outdoor dining NYC" and Riverpark was one of the places that showed up.  We've been to Colichioo and Sons maybe 20 times, Craftbar maybe 10 times, and shit we even ate at Craftsteak before they turned it into & Sons., so we were eager to try Riverpark for the first time and sit outside on a great early spring night.   We had a 6:45 reservation; I showed up at about 6:15, checked in, and had a drink at the bar while waiting for my wife.  When I made our reservation on Open Table I requested a seat outside if available.  My wife showed up close to on time, maybe about 6:48.  When I got there at 6:15 almost half of the nice tables on the terrace were open.  As I sat there for half an hour I noticed many people being taken outside to take up those tables, including 2 guys seated to my left at the bar who decided spur of the moment to dine outside.  After my wife arrived the waiter came and got us and took us outside to one of the picnic tables on the terrace - much less nice and not what anybody prefers when they ask to be sat outside at this restaurant.  Hey the picnic tables are great, but great for beers with friends, not a romantic dinner with your wife.  That isn't what we were looking for.  To make matters worse, as we were shown outside to the picnic table, 3 people were right behind us and took the very last table on the terrace, a 4 top, which I asked if we could sit at after being shown the picnic table.  No dice.  I was also there about 25 minutes before this party of 3. When we complained the waiter took us to a decent table inside by the window and said, and I do quote, "we will take care of you".  Now I don't know about you, but I've eaten at enough restaurants to know what that means.  It means, something(s) will be comped to pay for the fact that we screwed you over on the table you specifically requested, but that we sat a bunch of random people at even though you were here before them paying for a drink at our bar while you waited for your wife. Now during dinner at our table by the window, one of the hosts or mater d's came by to literally every table around us to ask how dinner was.  He didn't stop at our table.  Hmm, wonder why?  I would have loved to explain our disappointment.   The food was mostly great.  Loved the octopus, the tartare and the grilled cheese.  The burger was average and 2 of our 6 oysters had shell in them.   When we got the bill, lo and behold, nothing was comped.  We had 5 drinks, 6 oysters, 2 apps and 2 entrees.  We mentioned this to the waitress who called the manager over. Graciously, the manager wiped 3 of the 5 drinks off the bill and said he would love to make sure we get to sit outside next time we come.  Very nice.  But, he also made it a point to mention that outside seating is "first come first served".  OH really?  Then how did all those tables get taken while I was first to the restaraunt, spending money in your bar?  I didn't get a chance to say this because he was in and out in a flash. It was really a 1 star experience but I'll give it 2 stars because I'm in a great god damn mood tonight. We expected a whole lot more.  This place needs to figure out the front of the house and how to take care of guests and guest requests, it needs to actually honor first come first served, and it also needs to learn how to properly shuck an oyster.
