This review is for brunch only:  In a word - disappointing.  I was pretty excited to experience the Spotted Pig, having heard so much about the amazing food.  I will say, while some of the food was decent, the entire brunch experience was so awful, I can't muster up even half of another star. First, the waitress was terrible.  My friend doesn't eat pork for religious reasons, so we asked the waitress to serve the bacon on the side so I could have it.  Her response was to snort and say she "guessed" she could accommodate the request.  This was only the beginning of her attitude-laden service.  For reasons still unknown, throughout brunch she was sarcastic and rude and created such an exceedingly uncomfortable vibe that we went out of our way to flag down other waitstaff to ask for extra cream, water, etc. Second, we paid an exorbitant amount of money for a donut "stuffed" with cream and plum jam which had maybe a dab of both.  We realized we were gypped when the patrons at the neighboring table, who also ordered the donut, cut into it and were greeted with oozy goodness.  To add insult to injury, our donut was dry and stale. Third, my friend (the one who doesn't eat pork) ordered the eggs, biscuit, and (snort) bacon on the side.  The biscuit was raw when she bit into it and when we informed the waitress she said "that's they way the chef makes them."  She then took the biscuit down to the kitchen and returned with the same message - "the sous chef says that's how they make them."  Oh, I didn't realize biscuits were supposed to be flat and raw, I guess that's why I don't have a Michelin star and you do.  Or maybe that's how they make biscuits in England.  If that's the case, next time I'll order my biscuits down south. Fourth, when one of our neighbors (yes, the ones with the oozy donut) got up to use the bathroom, she knocked an entire bottle of water on our table which dripped all over my camera bag.  Did she stop to apologize?  No, of course not, she just went on her merry way after glancing back at the mess she made.  Now I realize this is not the waitstaff's fault, but did any of them stop to sop up or ask about my bag?  NO!  By this point, we were on our way out and done with this place. It's unfortunate, because there were a few bright spots:  the hostess and the woman who kept our coffee cups filled were exceedingly nice, the shoestring fries were yummy, and my deep fried egg and house made chorizo were delicious.  Despite these positives, I will never, ever return to this place.
