Really excellent from start to finish. this was my second time dining here, but we are considering it for our rehearsal dinner, so we wanted to refresh out taste buds. The service is really fantastic. It's a staple of vetri restaurants everywhere. They are trained so well. It's the little things that make the difference, like refolding your napkin when you get up from the table, moving out of the way when they see you walking, asking if you need help, etc. the only problem we had was our waitress didn't tell us about two of the specials. Not a big deal because we had our minds made up already though. We sat on the patio which is a gorgeous glass enclosed area. We decided to use the same strategy we used last time when ordering with one small twist, one pizza, one appetizer, and two pastas all to share. We started with the Lombarda and it was incredible. I hadn't been to osteria in a while, so I hadn't really compared the pizza crust to pizzeria vetri until now, but it was so different! It was a bit thinner and crisper, and the combination of sausage and egg on top was amazing. We ordered the mozzarella en corrozza for our appetizer and again we were very impressed. It was so different than any fried mozzarella dish I have ever had. I couldn't tell if it was battered at all or if it was just a block of mozzarella dropped into the fryer. It was awesome, and the tomato and caper sauce serves with it was show stopping. Our pasta choices were the chicken liver rigatoni and the winter squash gnocchi a la brava. Wow fantastic stuff here. The rigatoni was clearly housemade and covered in a delicately tasty sauce of chopped chicken livers. It was subtle flavor, but still very powerful and rich. The squash gnocchi was covered in cheese and incredibly hot when it came out. The gnocchi was very tender and went surprisingly well with the cheese. Our dessert wasn't as good as the rest of our meal, but I was comparing it to the polenta budino we had last time, and that was stupid good. We ordered the upside down blood orange polenta cake with kumquat caramel. It was good, and definitely interesting and different, but I wasn't crazy about it. Osteria is a great place to have a meal, and you should get there as often as you can. I'll be back soon!
