This is a dinner review, as I notice a lot of reviews are for brunch; these reviews have done a great job convincing me I have to go back for brunch. B4 was on my bookmarks on Yelp sort of hidden away and I'm glad I pulled this particular bookmark out and dusted it off. What I Loved : - The space is fantastic. It's located right off of Ave. B and does grab your attention; its a very spacious restaurant, with blue and green colored brick walls, a brick-oven by the front and really attractive lighting. The joint has style. - The service was friendly and attentive. Our host was fantastic and conversational; she gave us some advice regarding coming in for brunch on our way out and what to try. Cameron, our server, was equally fantastic. Instead of the common run-up-the-bill mentality he even asked if we were sure we wanted something we had ordered after our first wave of dishes came out (We said yes, we were wrong and had to take some food home. No complaints, though. More food for later!) - Damn good food. Almost shockingly good. I was very impressed by the hand-cut pappardelle and meatballs; the dish felt like something you would find in a truly old-school Italian hole in the wall in Brooklyn and I mean that in the best way possible. The Dr. Pepper Pulled Pork Sliders with the Blueberry BBQ were such a flavor experience, and the Sesame Seared Ahi Tuna Nachos were on the money as well. The billionaire bacon brownie (which ended up being put on a to-go box and reconstituted to its full form in the mini-oven) is worth keeping some room for. Chocolate with bacon as a radical combination isn't anything new these days (how long we've come) , but it's executed flawlessly here. What I Didn't Love But Can't Remove A Star For: - This one is big for me, but Id like to think I have enough self-awareness to realize that it's a pretentious characteristic. No draft beers; bottles only. That usually means I'm not going to have beer. There's nothing special about bottles, in my opinion. But who knows , maybe there's a draft system on the way. Also, as far as alcoholic beverages go, a Malbec should come in a proper wine glass. I'm honestly in a half-cringe with myself as I'm saying this but I believe it! A dry wine , or any good red wine for that matter, shouldn't come in a short juice glass; it's a disservice. Again, I know. So no stars removed for that.  The special mixed drinks, by all accounts, were fantastic. - Pricing on the appetizers is a little bizarrely inflated. Those awesome sliders I mentioned? They're great but they're bite sized and you're getting 3 for $9. That's up there. A side of lemongrass pickles (which were very good), contain a little more than a  handful and that's about $6, as all are sides. I do believe the pricing needs some minor re-evaluating. - Corn fritters weren't the best I ever had, a little tough heavy on the dough and minimal corn flavor. All in all, the negatives would usually be enough for me to strike a star off for a review, but the stellar quality of the food and the fantastic service makes it hard to consider B4 as anything less than excellent. I'll certainly be back, but I really do hope they get that wine glass issue sorted out, if not anything else. Drinking wine out of a regular cup is like eating a whole filet mignon with chopsticks.
