KenScale: 8.5/10 Dover is the second restaurant from the due of Walker Stern and Joseph Ogrodnek who have garnered critical acclaims for their tiny restaurant Battersby. I visited Battersby last year, and loved most of the dishes that the restaurant served, and couldn't wait to try Dover. While I think there were some misses (perhaps because I went a la carte this time instead of doing a tasting menu at Battersby that probably has more consistency across the board), I've had some really spectacular dishes so I'm willing to give Dover the same score I gave to Battersby. I started the dinner with a couple of raw oysters with apple and horseradish, a light touch that was pleasant to my palate. For starters, I tried cauliflower with raisins, pistachios and colatura and squid ink tagliatelle with peekytoe crab, lemon and preserved chili. I thought both dishes were a bit too salty (was particularly disappointed with the tagliatelle which could've been really outstanding had it been dressed down), alhtough the crunchy texture of pistachios and the citrusy broth underneath somewhat saved the cauliflower. I did love the larger meals so much better. Lobster was cooked perfectly and worked very well with tomato confit and spinach, but the dish that I was absolutely crazy about was the lamb ribs with eggplant, peanuts and mint. The ribs were incredibly tender and worked very well with the silky texture of eggplant (which tells a lot since I'm not particularly a huge fan of eggplant). I think it is definitely one of the best lamb dishes I've had in a while. For dessert, I had sweet tea creme brulee and baked Alaska with green apple sorbet. While I was not as impressed with the creme brulee, I was totally blown away by the baked Alaska. The normal baked Alaska dish might've been a bit too sweet for my taste, but the green apple sorbet hidden underneath gave an incredible complexity to the flavor that softened the sweetness and instead turned the dish into a winner. I would come back to the restaurant just for this alone! Unlike Battersby, which doesn't seat more than 30 people counting the bar area, Dover was certainly a lot bigger. While that cozy charm was somewhat missing, I still liked the neighborhood spot vibe of the restaurant. I visited for an early Sunday dinner (I do recommend getting a reservation in advance, although the restaurant seems to set aside some tables for walk-ins), and the scene was still relatively tame (which was surprising given how crowded Battersby was from the very moment it opened its door), but by the time I got out, the restaurant was close to fully packed. The restaurant has a full bar, and I do recommend trying a cocktail or two. Dover epitomizes the kind of fine dining institution that Brooklyn represents, a casual looking restaurant that nevertheless produces some high-qualify dishes with exquisite techniques that you normally associate with more fancy places in Manhattan. I highly recommend a visit to this place to see where Brooklyn is in the culinary pecking order of New York City.
