Since my previous review (yelp.com/biz/percy-stree…), Percy Street listened to my grievances and changed the recipes for their sauces so they are again gluten-free. I greatly appreciate when a restaurant listens to its customers like that, especially when it concerns food allergies. When we went to eat here last night, the service was excellent, as always. The food still left a bit to be desired for our own tastes, though. Our turkey tails appetizer was tasty, and while I was able to enjoy the two new sauces, I still prefer the old trio that used to be served. Our waiter informed us that the chicken is now being grilled instead of barbecued, which seems odd to me, so I opted to try the spare ribs with a rootbeer-chipotle glaze and pickled watermelon rind, while my girlfriend went with the pulled pork sandwich with a red cabbage-apple-sesame slaw. The ribs were cooked well and the pickled watermelon rind was decent, but I didn't taste any hint of rootbeer in the glaze. Adding some of the house sauces helped put a bit more flavor in the dish, but I wish the rootbeer would have come through more, as I've always found that and beef to be an excellent pairing. My girlfriend wasn't crazy about her sandwich. Though the menu clearly stated that it came with slaw, she wasn't expecting a huge pile of slaw to be *on* the sandwich itself (she said the ratio of slaw to pork was greatly skewed in favor of the slaw). She had to eat a lot of the pile before she could even put the sandwich together to take a bite. When she was finally able to try the sandwich as a whole, crumbs flew everywhere, as the bread was extremely crusty and not very conducive to holding together a sandwich. She tried adding a bit of the house sauce to try and soften up the bun, but to no avail. We did take the leftover sandwich home, though, so perhaps a night in the refrigerator will soften up the bread a bit. Overall, my feelings toward Percy Street from my previous review still stand. I understand their wanting to take a risk and change things up, but for us, the changes are mostly negative. While I again commend them for changing their sauces to be gluten-free, the quality of the dishes just doesn't correspond well with their current prices, which increased again since February for the spare ribs and chicken, though the lamb ribs are now a bit cheaper. I'll continue to look at the menu on their website now and then to see if they continue changing it around in terms of both price and selection, but for now, I don't feel the need to dine there again anytime soon.
