I went here last night for a birthday dinner.  We arrived late and were greeted warmly, the staff was friendly and were able to sit us within five minutes. The food we ordered: Raw Oysters- This was my first time trying them and I decided they are not for me, however a friend that was there who does enjoy them said they were just okay. (I did enjoy the sauces that came with it) Baked Clams- These were small, and had too much bacon (I know there can never be too much bacon but in this case it overpowered the baked clam). New York Strip Steak- I described this as something I would say was good if I had it at a wedding, and knew it was mass produced. However knowing it was individually made for us at that moment...well it fell short. Salmon- This was the most disappointing,  absolutely no flavor and in my opinion a little fishy. The mustard sauce looked like mayo and did nothing to add flavor. Shrimp Provencal- This was absolutely delightful. I was on the fence on whether or not I would enjoy this dish, however the cheese filling in the ravioli was delicious! There was also an incident that I can only describe as "The most awkward conversation of all time"  that happened concerning our drinks. When our drinks arrived we felt that they were watered down. We told our waiter, and moments later we were greeted by someone I will assume is the manager. He informed us that their drinks were all measured and that we were... for lack of better words.. completely wrong about its content . To which I responded with "Lets agree to disagree", and this led to what felt like a 2-3 minute conversation /stare off that felt uncomfortable. I understand the business aspect of it, but if a customer is not happy with a product maybe you should, I don't know....ask if they would like something else? Maybe not make them feel uncomfortable for the rest of the night by having this confrontational conversation? Just my opinion.. Anyway, the food was blah, the waiting staff was nice, but overall I wouldn't recommend it. Unless of course you wanted to try the Shrimp Provencal, which was pretty great.
