As previously stated in other reviews, Momofuku Ssam Bar has a similar model to those of the Chipotle chain.  But it has oh so many more marvels of Korean culinary wonder.  Since visiting Seoul last summer, I have become enamored with the Korean banchan and so I was eager to check out David Chang's next project after Momofuku (meaning "lucky peach") Noodle Bar.  This Ssam (lettuce-wrap) thing that he has going on, is all the rage in my book.  I love all foods that can be mixed up and wrapped up - especially when you can sauce them up.  But I have a major crush on all things that you can put in a bowl.  Think about how things are so much yummier when they're served in a bowl... My experience at Ssam was during the lunch hour so I'm unable to place any judgement on the evening experience.  It's a hoot to watch certain people assume this is a full-service eatery.  They come in, seat themselves and just wait... observing what others have ordered but continue to wait for a server to take their order.  So now you've been warned.  Don't look like an idiot and just head back to the counter and order your Ssam (or bowl). Yes, I insist.  You MUST get an order of the steamed buns with the berkshire pork (porkshire).  Don't be tempted by no organic chicken.  The porkshire buns are just oozing with all the evils of heartburn but all the worthwhile. These buns are very similar to peking duck but without the irresistable crunch of the duck skin.  I ordered the bowl (with chap chae and porkshire) and had no shame asking for each and every single topping available.  My reasoning is that it was the only way I would be able to determine which toppings I favored: white kimchee slaw, azuki beans, tofu puree, and the coleslaw for the crunch.  The shitake, edamame, bean sprouts were alright - nothing spectacular and the red kimchee was disappointing.  I hope they'll be able to rotate different toppings like they do for seasonal banchan.   The depths of my bowl were like the abyss; the bottom was no where in sight.  Even after 20 minutes of 2 lb. forkin'.  There's a lot of flavors going on in the bowl and sometimes it became a bit intense since I had no rice to stable my palate.   All in all, it's a great concept and the berkshire pork is definitely a sexy beast calling my name.
