The waitress, Katya was very kind when we arrived. That is, if your definition for kind is rude. My boyfriend and I tried our best to be nice, but it was clear that upon arrival, nobody wanted us there. We arrive at 1030pm, and didn't realize they closed at 11pm. As people who have worked in the restaurant industry, we know how shitty that is. But lucky for them, we are kind patrons and were trying to get out at 11pm for a friend's show around the corner anyway. Plus the restaurant was still packed with people sitting and enjoying their time. But unlucky for us, Katya didn't know that and decided to treat us like people unworthy of her time. She laid down the menus with minimal use of words...save the time she laid down the special menu and said, "these are our specials." Perhaps she doesn't know English? Who knows? We tried to excuse her lack of communication and general presence. Katya then came back for drinks. My boyfriend asked for a coffee to drink very nicely bc we both thought she must've had a long day due to the way she was acting plus he's basically just a wonderfully nice guy, but I'd never seen anyone more confused. As if she'd never heard the word before. She disappeared, then came back with another waitress and the coffee she somehow managed to figure out to ask for our order. They both stood there and said, "are you ready?" Like a swat team who's been waiting to fire for the longest time....I guess Katya needed back up? We said yes and the other waitress said, "Thank goodness" when we told her we were ready to order. Like we were taking our own sweet time? Again, who knows why we were being treated as such. We ordered. The food came out.  It looked great. Exactly what we were looking for. We asked Katya for crushed red pepper. You know, it being an Italian place, we figured it'd be easy. Again, a confused look on her face. It was like we were playing some weird guessing game. It was right behind us, so I pointed at it. And finally she placed it down. At this point, she's probably said 5 or 6 words to us. We eat our dinner. It's really quite good. But we're trying to flag her down for more water throughout the dinner, and only the busser is attentive. And finally it's time to ask for a check since we are trying to get out in a timely fashion and because we realize they might be closing due to her terribly removed disposition. I try flagging her down. 3 other employees must've seen me bc I was making huge gestures.  I go up to the bar and I say, "is it possible for us to pay our check, please?" and again, no words. She prints out the check gives it to me. I pay. The pen doesn't work, she's walked away already. At this point, I'm over Katya's Tribeca attitude. And I say, "this pen doesn't work." she's disappeared. Another waitress looks at me. Gives me a pen, then looks at Katya who reappears and they both laugh. I don't know why. It's not funny. I say, "great service" sarcastically then leave. So if you want Ok food with servers that feel like ignoring you is good service, then this is the place for you. Tribeca has plenty of other places worth your time, this is not one of them. But if you're looking for someone like Katya's who's too busy to be nice to your table, then perhaps this restaurant is for you. But if anyone has any insight into whether or not Katya doesn't speak English, maybe that'll be a good indication of if she was rude or not. Perhaps that's the explanation for the bad service...if so, good luck with your ESL classes, Katya!
