I wanted to write about my disappointment about a change Max Brenner made on their chocolate pizza in the Philadelphia restaurant.   A few years ago, I came to this restaurant and tried the most amazing chocolate pizza.  The crust played an important role in this delectable dessert.  It was really "The Best Thing I Ever Ate"-worthy.  However, somewhere along the line, someone decided to change the recipe.  It now tastes like they got lazy and use a store-bought pizza crust and slapped some chocolate and marshmallows on top.  I went back several times in hope that it was just a fluke, however, each time thereafter, I was continually disappointed.  Most of the time it came out burnt and dry.  What a waste of calories and money.  Such a disappointment.  I really wished they didn't mess with a masterpiece by changing the recipe.  The original chocolate pizza was chewy and delicious.  The new pizza is hard and dry.   It's not worth getting.  I could make my own chocolate pizza, using store-bought pizza DOUGH, Nutella, etc., and it would blow this pizza out of the water.  Save your money. I found their other desserts to be eh...leaving much to be desired.  They are often overly sweet leaving me feeling nothing but really thirsty - literally for water, and metaphorically desiring something to satisfy my sweet tooth.  There is more to a dessert than being just sweet (or overly sweet).  There needs to be a balance.  Sometimes I found their ingredients to be stale.  If I am going to spend as much money as it costs to eat here (way overpriced for the quality they provide by the way), it better be worth it.  I don't mind spending a lot of money on food because to me, (delicious) food is one of life's luxuries.  You'll find that I would be willing to spend, and have spent up to $100 on a meal - and I didn't mind because the food was exquisite.  HOWEVER, I do NOT feel like my money is well spent at Max Brenner.  I feel like it is one of those restaurants that I could tell people to try just because of the idea of the restaurant (huge dessert menu), but I wouldn't recommend it as a place I would visit again.  Especially since I've come back numerous times myself in hopes of getting better desserts, only to be disappointed. Again, they have a such a great idea with a restaurant that focuses a lot on dessert because I feel like this is something the city lack.  A place to go to enjoy varieties of desserts.  When you look at the menu, there are brilliant ideas.  However, they fail in execution.  The chocolate is exquisite, but their other ingredients lack quality; therefore, the entire dessert only serves to disappoint.  Each bite does not make me yearn for more.  Each bite I take, I am hoping it'll taste better but it never does.  I hope the restaurant takes these criticisms and improve.  I only take time out of my day to write about these criticisms because I would like to see the restaurant improve.  Like I previously said over and over, they have a great idea for the restaurant, but they need to make the finished product (the actual dessert) as amazing as the descriptions provided in their menu.  I want to see them succeed mainly because I want a place to go, socialize, and enjoy AMAZING desserts!
