Umami burger is worth the wait! This is the first location in all of NYC. If you've waited in line for anything in the city such as Cronuts, famous ramen, or any other food hybrid you need to do the same for this right here. Wait for however long it takes to get this stuff. They have an electronic reservation system where they take your name and mobile number to reach out when your table is available. Once inside, we got seated at one of the front tables closer to the front door. This made for a nice comfortable dinner and less people around gawking at your order. We tried three burgers from the menu all medium rare: *The Original which comes with a parmesan crisp between the bun and burger. There's shiitake mushroom, roasted tomato, caramelized onions and ketchup. *Truffle Burger uses the beef blend with roasted garlic aioli, truffle cheese and truffle glaze. This one clearly makes it known to the person consuming it that it's all about the truffle baby! *Hatch Burger has roasted green chiles, american cheese, and roasted garlic aioli. This one has medium spiced chiles that do get spicy after a few bites of the burger. It's nothing crazy in terms of heat that will burn, but it's a nice amount. My favorite one is the Truffle Burger. The flavor in this burger just explodes with truffle in every bite. This was the most SAVORY burger I have eaten ever! Even when the beef fell from the burger, you will find yourself quickly scooping it up and making sure you got all the cheese that stuck to the plate. It's finger licking good. Some sides to get are the house pickle plate that has pickled okra, beet, string beans, sliced pickles and chopped spears. The truffle fries has cheese and truffle oil was also very good. Assuming you have room to eat any sides, go for it! Umami has a full bar with bar seating and usually the best way to get a seat a little faster than the table. Majority of the seating in the first floor is for 2-4 persons. First floor has a single person unisex bathroom. I'm glad to have tried Umami and taken my senses to the 5th level! This is one seriously amazing burger experience. Pack your bags, look for a babysitter, and get set for burger paradise!
