So before I write my review, I want to make it very clear that I have only written one review prior to this.  That review was because I absolutely fell in love with a resort that I stayed at and felt the company should be applauded for their efforts.   As far as this restaurant is concerned, I'm done with this location and all locations.  I was once a huge fan, always convincing people from out of town and even local friends to stop in and check it out.  However, when a group of friends and I went to check it out tonight, we were told that we could not be served because we were too intoxicated.  I'm giggling as I write this because there were 8 of us and 50% of the group hadn't even had a sip of alcohol all day.  The other 50% hadn't even had a chance to speak before we were told we had to leave.   Don't get me wrong, I've done my fair share of drinking in the past and there are times that I probably should've been cut off or thrown out of a bar, but this wasn't one of them.  When I asked the manager what his general concern was or what it was that prompted him to stop serving us, he couldn't even give an answer.  His only response was that the waitress felt we were endangering ourselves.  Let's keep in mind that the only time I met her was in 5 seconds when I asked to order a glass of wine and that is when I was told that I was too intoxicated.   Overall I can't blame the manager.  He was doing his job by protecting his employees and offered us gift cards for our terrible experience.  We didn't take them because it's not about the money.  However, he or whoever is in charge of hiring may want to reevaluate their staff.  We were there for no more than 2 minutes before 8 of us were told we needed to leave.  I can tell you right now, that not only will the 8 of us never return, but several others will never frequent that place or other locations once I tell them about our ridiculous experience. Hell, one might call it profiling since we had green on for St. Patricks Day and the waitress was in a bad mood.  Whatever the reason, it's rude and entirely inappropriate.
