Haven't been here in over 17 Years as it used to be in my backyard so to speak, and to be honest doesn't look like it has changed in 15 years either.  The large bar is still there with all the booths along the side, the main dining room is still off to the left and its busy on this Saturday night though the wait is only 10-15 Minutes we decide to eat at the bar.  Definitely a 60ish old style steakhouse feel to this place and we saddle up to bar where the games are on and our server is handling everyone sitting at the bar and all drinks for the restaurant as well... Understaffed? or someone called out but she is in the weeds. Menu is your basic pub fare - steaks, chops and starters etc with giant Juicy burgers heading past us.   Gone are the long time ago fried mushrooms which were unreal back in their day :(.   Couple of cocktails ordered along with a glass of wine. 1 TBone Steak / 1 16 Ounce NY Strip and 1 Jumbo burger are ordered.  Steaks come with Salad choice of dressing and side.. burger just the sides. Two salads were basic lettuce carrots, cucumber and tomatoes with choice of dressing they were adequate but nothing special. Start with the good: the NY Strip was absolutely 100% outstanding, huge cooked perfectly juicy and flavorful $26.95 fries were not thick steak fries but tasty and hot. Steamed brocolli was presented complimentary as well, but this was undercooked and ice cold. Burger was huge Juicy and absolutely spot on again fries hot and tasty. Tbone was ordered Med Rare and came out well done - was sent back though the side of mashed potatoes and broccoli were not taken back or presented new with the steak when it returned.   Also steak when returned was unbelievably enough still not Med Rare.  I hate tbones to begin with but this thin presentation failed.  Also Yingling beer on Tap was flat - waitress seem to know this as she said its flat isn't it?   Why not state that when ordered.  No apologies anywhere. Service was OK but she was too busy to handle the bar and the dining room.  Large NY and burger alone will make me come back but really not better than 3 stars this go round.
