Jungsik takes a number of authentic korean flavors and executes them faithfully and in a way that will leave you quite satisfied and pleased. I spent the evening with a couple of family members who have been in search of their next favorite fine dining spot; for them, Jungsik certainly fit the bill. A pleasant service staff, great ambiance, and quality food... there are little complaints overall about the experience, save for maybe not the easiest drive & parking situation downtown. Food: Although my party of 3 opted out of the tasting menu, the tasting I'm sure from the alternative experience really does afford for quite a filling experience. When (not if) I return the next time around, I will be taking this route and bringing an appetite. Taking perhaps the road less dined (choice menu), my party had the opportunity to divide and conquer, trying 3 appetizers, 2 rice dishes, 1 fish dish, 3 meat dishes, and 2 desserts (nearly 75% of the menu). As the youngest member of the familial party, I was offered bites of nearly every one :). The amuse-bouches were a nice start, with a few select bites(sips) of salty and sweet, to stir up our appetites for the coming meal. Of note, one member of my party inquired about the spiciness of a dish on the menu and was subbed a sweeter than spicy sauce for one of these treats. Appetizers were pretty solid across the board: the fried oyster had a great crisp without being overly crunchy and has plenty of flavor; the scallops were well cooked and were well complemented with the fresh lighter flavors of the accompanying vegetables; a bite of the Octopus did not disappoint either. Rice Dishes: The Yellowtail, although not my order, was definitely the tastiest. The flavors were fantastic with the fish being cooked well and my mouth craving for more after each bite. The Bossam was good, though not great, due to a simple heaviness of the overall in the dish. The rice had a nice spice to it from the dwenjang, but pieces of the pork belly were too large to bring the flavors together in a spoonful. A piece of napa cabbage or lettuce would do that for the traditional dish. Somewhat disappointed, I think there is potential here if one could add fresh crisp to each bite. Fish: The lobster was the one dish that escaped my palate and I assume that is was so delicious that it was gone before I even noticed it was even there. Meats: I had the Jungsik steak which probably was my least favorite dish of the evening. A little too much toughness in the cut and perhaps not enough flavors to complement the meat, I found the dish somewhat unmemorable. A taste of the duck was good - well cooked though nothing very Korean about it. Finally, the Kalbi was incredibly tender, juicy, and marinated. I appreciate the faithfulness of the flavor of the meat, and could only ask for more. Desserts: Watermelon sorbet was offered as a palate cleanser; sometimes I could do for dessert with larger version of these alone and thankfully elements could be found in the Pineapple dessert dish. The Pineapple dish was well balanced, with fresh flavors that were not overly sweet. The Jang Dok was almost overly rich, but complemented an unsweetened Tea or Coffee well. When venturing there again, I would probably like to try to Potato tart, which sounded as though it would have more korean elements to it. All-in-all, Jungsik offers great foods with particular standouts in their Fried Oyster/Scallop/Yellowtail/Lobster(possibly)/Kalbi and Pineapple. To say that some dishes are not very "korean," is not to say that they are not in their own right desirable; I find that these dishes are necessary additions to a menu that caters to a wider palate and clientele. Come here on a special occasion, as the price commands that much at least, but like others have written, inform the staff and they will help make the experience additionally memorable.
