Honestly, I didn't know quite what to expect from a Serbian restaurant, but some friends took me there for a pre-birthday dinner & I found myself bringing my parents there a few days later. Located on Avenue C between 7th & 8th streets, the restaurant is right by my house, which means that I'll probably be going there an awful lot. The decor is simple, yet effective, I particularly love the brick walls covered in old B&W pictures & the vaulted ceiling. The space is small, so when it gets busy, it can get a bit 'cozy' particularly if you're sitting near the bar. Trust me though, it's well worth it. The menu is, well, 'meat-laden', particularly pork which features heavily. The first time I went there, I had the peasant sausage with beans. They were good, but a bit spicy (my fault for being such a wuss!). I tried the prunes wrapped in bacon with chicken livers that a friend had ordered & those were excellent. I was told by a friend that the mixed grill for 2 which is basically everything from the grill is meant to be a meat-lover's wet dream... The second time I went, we tried the meat & cheese plates (I really recommend the cheese plate, it comes with this amazing cheese spread). I opted for the quail this time & it came with a delicious side; rice mixed with vegetables & a tomato base. An interesting mixture which I really enjoyed. My Mom got the special fish; a whole grilled Branzini (sometimes referred to as Mediterranean or European Bass) served simply with a lemon sauce on the side. I'm going to guess that it was good as I didn't get a chance to try it. Someone at another table ordered a massive pork chop, which I think will be my next dish when I go there. Currently they serve wine & beer. The wine list is extensive, with wines from around the globe. We tried a Czech beer that was on the menu (the name eludes me), which was unimpressive. However, they did have a new beer in from Montenegro, which was awesome! For my birthday, the owner, Vladimir, gave us shots of apple brandy that his dad made. I was sure if we were meant to shoot or sip them, but put it this way, after downing it, my throat was on fire for like 15 minutes! Excellent! If you've never tried Serbian cuisine, or are just plain hungry for some good food. Go to Kafana!
