Loved it! Showed up at 7pm on MLK Jr. Day (a Monday) and the restaurant wasn't crowded at all. We were offered the choice of sitting at a table and ordering à la carte, or sitting at the bar and doing the tasting menu (a Monday-Wednesday option, we were told). After checking out the menus, we chose the tasting menu and weren't disappointed. My boyfriend started with a Vietnamese coffee ("best coffee i've ever had for $3) and I started with the Phuket Punch (very good, the winter spices are so tasty). Maybe it was because it was a quiet night at the restaurant, but the manager/in-charge-guy asked if he could try out a few wine pairings on us. Sure! Anyways, the food: Fried Oysters: The batter was very crispy and the dipping sauce, a lime-y vinegar-y concoction, was great and tangy.  Paired really well with a few sips of sherry (never thought I'd say that). Banana-leaf Cod: Best dish of the night. It was a great piece of cod and the green/yellow curry that it was served with was so so good and the right type of spicy. Paired well with a riesling. Sirloin Beef with Noodles:  Really nice cuts of beef in a very simple broth with noodles, star fruit, mint, and crispy shallots. Very simple and clean tastes compared to the curry that came with the cod. On it's own, as a dish, it could use something to punch it up. But it was good as a follower to the curry and a predecessor to the... BBQ Ribs:  Whoa. Loved. The basting sauce was really flavorful and the meat was a little crispy and very tender. The portion was also very large... two big ribs. Paired with a Filipino beer, which really hit the spot. Ice cream sandwich: I was still in a coma from the ribs, so I barely heard what the dessert was. I think it was a thai tea ice cream between two donut/cookie type things. Very refreshing and a great way to wrap the meal. We also had two other cocktails: the Clinton Cooler (refreshing and light) and the PX Puko (sweet, but good) Service was great, everyone was very nice and attentive. I'm a huge fan of sitting in front of an open kitchen (much to the suffering of my dinner conversation). Leah Cohen, the Top Chef alum and head chef, was cooking about 2 feet away the entier meak, but we mostly interacted more with her sous chef while she chatted up two people she seemed to know well at the other end of the counter. We'll be back for sure!
