After a few hours of meticulous Yelping, I came across Uva as a spot for a Saturday date night. They have a diverse menu, a large wine list and prices that don't remind you that you're dining on the upper east side. Though not much to look at from the outside, the interior is intimate and charming. There are a few seats out front, a decent amount of seating in the main restaurant, and a patio of tables out back. We showed up at 5 PM for dinner and were seated as a couple at a four person table; a little touch that I appreciated. The place was fairly empty around 5 and started to pick up around 6:30 or 7:00. The waitress greeted us promptly and both servers we had (shift change? one on the later dinner shift?) were cheery and helpful. The same can be said for the rest of the staff, who whisked away dishes, never let our water glasses go dry and kept the night going smoothly I'm no expert on wine, but my date keeps the World Atlas of Wines by her bed and has approved this place. I let her pick the bottle out of an impressive selection (and as a casual wine observation: very reasonably priced as well) On top of the service and the decor, this place really brings the bread home with the quality of its dishes. We ordered two bruschetta starters (wild mushroom and ricotta & truffle honey) that were both superb. They are served on wooden platters 4 a piece and generally go down with two or three bites. I would suggest two off the menu if eating in a pair. For our entrees we ordered the truffle gnocchi and the salmon. Both were excellent as well. The salmon arrived faintly crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. The size of the slab is nothing to sneeze at either; it definitely fills you up. The gnocchi is a very rich dish. That being said, its absolutely fantastic. All things being equal, I would take it over the salmon. To finish off the meal, we let the waitress suggest their chocolate mousse. I may sound like a broken record here, but it was delicious as well. They layer the top with chocolate sauce and let the mousse sit underneath. For those of you put off by the richness of the gnocchi, this is a lighter dish you may enjoy. I'm right about on the 4.5 star line with this one. I'm gonna award the extra half star here because I had a beautiful date and Uva helped make Saturday a great night. Definitely recommended
