Beautiful spot, especially at the outside tables as it warms up. I just ate here again after not visiting for a year and my impression is that the food has dropped just a notch, but it's still very good. Last summer it was just plain delicious. This year, just pretty darned good. Let me be more specific: fresh green salad was a bit off, not quite bitter but edging that way, not quite so tasty as I'd hoped. Perhaps this is due to how early in the spring it is and fact  their adjoining garden isn't really going yet in delivering fresh greens. The fish tacos as the bar are awesome. Really, really good. The E. Coast oysters undeniably fresh, W. Coast unsurprisingly slightly less so but well within the parameters of "very good." White asparagus gazpacho A+.  Avocado and Hamachi salad is an interesting dish and would have been brilliant but the avocados were strangely tasteless. I don't know if this is in part due to the tanginess of the rest of the salad and thus only a relative gripe due to the charred chile sauce which I found really nice but my partner no. But the avocados were indeed sort of watery, not quite nutty enough for such a production/high end place so it's kind of an issue of ingredients, like the salad. even as they were undeniably fresh and nicely colored Anyway, cuttlefish spaccatelli was perfectly al dente, came with just the right amt of chewy and tangy cuttlefish, but marred only by the fact that they seem to spice it up with a chile/pepper powder that's sprinkled across the top rather than worked in so if one's not aware of how the spice is distributed the first forkfulls are overly hot and the rest lacking in this powder. The swordfish was creatively cooked, great with spring raab and spring onions but again, I think the nice-sized piece of actual swordfish could have come from slightly fresher stock. That's not to say it was fishy or old. It most definitely wasn't. But the Tom C. restuarants are supposedly in part about local, fresh ingredients. And if you're gonna spend so much time on location and effort in cooking, why not guarantee those absolutely top-shelf ingredients each time? If this happens I'll be back much more than once or twice a year. If not, it'll remain a nice place to watch the moon over Billyburgh, see cars whizzing by FDR, and chill with a nice breeze off E. River in a sort of hidden little corner of high modernist medical center...
