A delicious bargain! We walked by this Halal cart before and after watching a Broadway show and were surprised to see the consistently long line. Like a good Yelper, I did my due diligence and learned all about this place (including a convenient fact - it's open until 4am) and carefully planned out our visit. Last night we got in line right around 7:10pm and waited for about half an hour until the food was ready; almost immediately a small crowd started to form. Standing at the head of the line, I was privy to watching acquaintances of the operators and regulars, including an NYPD officer, conveniently navigate to the front of the line and attempt to get their food before us. It was worth the wait despite the intense cold. We paid $6 for a combo platter consisting of rice, lettuce (no tomatoes in this "salad"), three pieces of pita, a mound of chicken, and a generous scoop of lamb gyro. One platter can last you two meals, unless you've got a voracious appetite. (By the way, is there a secret code word for getting the $5 price that I keep reading about here?)   What sets this place apart from other Halal carts is (1) consistency, (2) cleanliness, and (3) limited menu. These guys have mastered their craft well and the cart and cooking surfaces are pristine. You won't see bits of food clinging to the cooking surfaces and you certainly won't see uncooked meat laying out collecting dust and all NYC air has to offer; the food is fresh and doesn't sit around. The cooks are methodical, almost scientific in their approach. The cook started with pieces of chicken that he carefully chopped into smaller and smaller pieces, eventually forming a small mountain of chicken. After the chicken was "done," he covered the mountain of chicken with pita (possibly to infuse the pita with the fragrance and flavor of the meat or to keep the meat warm - either way, the pita was delicious and the meat warm). Then he moved onto the gyro pieces using the same methodical chopping and scraping technique, culminating in a cheap and satisfying meal. A note on the sauces: the white sauce, which tastes suspiciously like ranch dressing, and the chili sauce, which is pretty spicy - but manageable, complement each other well.
