Despite being New York City born and bred, I sometimes feel like I have the stomach of a down-home-cookin' Southerner and Buttermilk Channel definitely fulfilled my comfort food craving. After a 7.5 hour, traffic filled drive from DC (where I currently live), my sister, her fiance and I headed straight to Buttermilk Channel--15 minutes late for our reservation to meet friends.  I cannot tell you how many times I said in the long car ride back home "FRIED CHICKEN, I'M COMING FOR YOU" and fried chicken is what I got.  And hush puppies. And cheddar waffles. And cole slaw. But more on the main course in a bit. After drooling over the menu all day at work, I decided to start with a Greenpoint beer and hush puppies.  The hush puppies were little bundles of warm, moist, tasty goodness.  They were perfect balance of sweetness and saltiness.  The green chili aioli was scrape-the-bottom-with-your-last-bite good.  It was a spicy yet cooling accompaniment  to the hush puppies.  I also got a bite of someone's homemade mozzarella with warm anchovy sauce -- it was good, but could have used a touch more anchovy and touch less balsamic reduction (but I'm biased because I much prefer savory to sweet). Now onto the main course.  Like I said, I have somewhat of a savory tooth (and a non-existent sweet tooth) so I ditched the syrup that came on the side and dove right into the fried chicken.  Crispy, juicy fried chicken deliciousness.  The portion was big -- a drumstick, thigh and huge wing/hunk of chicken.  Paired with the cheddar waffle and a little bit of cole slaw (which was not at all mayo-y, crunch and a had a little kick of red onion) I found myself devouring the whole dish.  Total reward for the long car ride.  I even managed to squeeze in a bite of my sister's duck meatloaf.  HOLY MEATLOAF. Most succulent meatloaf I have ever tasted. (Sorry, mom.  I still love yours too).  That dish is definitely a must eat for my next visit. All in all, a lovely dining experience and I definitely plan on returning (maybe not on a Friday night but definitely with a reservation - highly recommended) because there's plenty of duck meatloaf and fried chicken to be eatin'.
