I don't often write restaurant reviews, but this serves as a public service announcement regarding restaurants taking credit card numbers to hold reservations and then losing the information. My group of 20 people arrived at a birthday dinner on a Saturday night at 5pm to find that we were without a reservation. The reservation was made a week in advance (scheduled for 5pm because we were told that this was the only time available to accommodate our large party), but we were not in the books. The hostess was curt and waved her iPad in our faces saying, "See, I put your telephone number in, and you're not in our system. We don't have a reservation for you, and we cannot accommodate your party." She asked us who we spoke to, when we made the reservation, if we had called the correct restaurant in an accusatory manner. Once we showed her our cell phone records of us calling, and the restaurant calling back to take down our credit card number for the reservation, she told, "I don't know what to tell you. We don't have space for your party. You could try the Italian place next door." (Do you really think a group of 20 could just walk into a restaurant and get seated?) The hostess was incompetent, with no accountability for her position and tried her best to get rid of us. The manager stepped in to try to accommodate us, and did his best to squeeze 17 of us around a communal table that seats ten. What is disconcerting is that there was no effort to track down who took down the reservation and more importantly, where did our credit card number go to hold the reservation. The hostess and the manager both said in an insulted and condescending manner that no one at the restaurant would have used the credit card fraudulently, "absolutely impossible!" Well, there's no guarantee of this if you have no record of the credit card number and reservation, is there? It's best to set up a fraud alert the account holder since the person that took the info has the cc number, full name, and telephone number of the reservation holder. We were later told that the restaurant did indeed have our reservation, but canceled it. We did not receive an apology or compensation for the 15 minute interrogation and the hostess's haughty remarks. I guess the fact that we were even allowed to eat at the institution was compensation enough. Needless to say, the 20 of us and our friends will not be visiting this restaurant again for their lack of credit card security, customer service, and overall competency in running a restaurant.
