Very upset with the service... I've eaten here 3 times. The first two times I felt the food was decent, their special lemonade slushy drink (forget what it's called on their menu) had too strong of a flavor but fine, and service was full with attitude but there are many place like that so I let it pass. Third visit- I ordered the usual with their lemonade slushy but asked if the drink can be mixed with more ice because it's too strong for me. Now, this drink is a premade slushy so I would have skipped it if they told me they can't adjust. But the girl told me, "yes," and told the guy serving drinks, "don't make it too sweet." so I paid for the order in hopes that the drink would turn out fine. Really, even if it didn't turn out the way I wanted it to be, I would have still taken it with a smile and a thanks. As I watched the guy make my drink, he first fills a take-out cup with the premade lemonade slushy, looks at the cup, dumps out about a third of the drink into the sink, puts a little bit of blended ice (which is what I asked for), and then.. pours a whole lot of lemonade syrup and something else into the drink! He stirred the end product and passed it to me with a glum face and walked away. Wait.. didn't you just add the same exact thing you dumped out back into my cup? Just as I thought, the drink tasted SUPER strong- stronger than what I remember the original to be.. I felt bad but it was just too strong so I asked if he can just add ice to dilute it. He snatched the cup out of my hands, emptied about half the cup out, and simply filled the rest with WATER. You know what happens if you mix lemonade flavor slushy with room temp water? it becomes LEMONADE. So I asked for more ice again.. then from the back came the manager who took the drink from me and.. this is what made me upset out of the entire experience.. with a nasty attitude said, "so, you want the perfect drink, RIGHT?" uhm.. the cashier had attitude, juice guy had attitude, and even the manager is nasty?? they remade the drink for me again but it was disgusting... horrible experience. never again.
