I came here with 2 other people. I made a reservation for 8 pm on a Wednesday.  I had fun watching my friends faces as we arrived to a run down office building with construction equipment all over the place. I had already known what the entrance would look like so this didn't faze me. After climbing down the stairs past the security guard, they entered a restaurant unlike any other they had gone to. I love taking people to places they would never go to on their own. In this case, they wouldn't have found it on their own since the entrance is so easily missed. We had to wait 5 minutes before being seated because we arrived 15 minutes early. Afterwards, the host sat us at our table and joked that I was clearly the one in control that night. That had me laughing in my mind because it was also my first time at Sakagura. The place was rather full, us being the only ones who weren't Asian in the restaurant- always a good sign when trying to find authentic food. Our waiter came over quickly and presented the menu to us. He was very helpful, explaining the flavor of a few different sake and helped us choose one that we all would like. He also didn't bother us every 5 minutes but was very attentive. On to the food: We had the Kuro Edamame, Maguro Natto, Onigiri Rice Balls, Agedashi Tofu, Gindara Yuan Yaki(2 orders), Surumeika Yaki, Sanma Onigiri, and Washu Beef.   It was a lot of food but we couldn't stop ordering. It was that good. We had 2 small bottles of sake, both of whose name I forgot. One of my friends got the Sapporo beer. We also had dessert. One got the Green Tea ice cream, the other go the Pumpkin Creme Brulee and I got the Sesame Creme Brulee. All were delicious.  After a few rounds of ordering, the waiter asked me if I was half Japanese because of my pronunciation. I couldn't help but laugh because how often is a black girl asked if she is Asian- without any physical Asian traits? But hey that made my night, considering I am studying the language. It always helps to be reassured that you're on the right track. At the end of our food journey, 3-4 hours later, we left with our stomachs happy and no buzz after drinking. Besides the food being delicious, the setting was great. Dimmed lights but not too dark and very nicely decorated. I loved seeing the giant sake jugs. Overall the place really does a great job of making you forget that you're actually in a basement. I will definitely return, next time with more people if possible. We have to spread the joy. The check came out to around $200 for 3 people but then again, we ordered way more than we needed. That is the only warning. For some reason you won't be able to stop ordering. Regardless, don't miss out on this place. Wow I wrote a bit too much. Sorry if you actually managed to read this all. That just goes to show how excited I was about this place :)
