My husband and I planned a trip down the Village to meet our good friends for a tasty meal and conversation.  We got down there at about 6pm and headed to the restaurant.  The place was PACKED.  And just so you know-it is tiny.  But I had been looking forward to it for so long that I had to eat there.  I gave the guy at the door my name, number in our party, and asked for the wait time.  He was unable to give me a better answer other than maybe an hour.   The bar was small and once my name was in...  we weren't sure where to go next.  The bar was small and the door guy didn't really advise us on a good place to wait nor did he say that we could stand by the bar.  It was a tight squeeze no matter where you went, so we went outside.    We had seen the spot on Diners, Drive In's, and Dives on the Food Show Network and were really looking forward to eating there.  We didn't think that we were going to have to stand outside by the garbage can containers to catch up with our friends while we waited.  We also gave our names twice so we could ensure a quick seating.   We finally pushed our way in and got a drink at the bar.  We met another group of people who saw the Redhead on the show and had planned a foodie retreat.  We were seated as soon as we had the drinks in our hands. I ordered the famous bacon brittle and the pretzels.  The pretzels were amazing.  The brittle was roasted peanuts with bacon stuck to it.  Tasty but not what I thought it was going to be at all.  My friend got the chicken and waffles.  She liked it but didn't think that it was going to have the bones in it and said it was a bit fatty.  I ordered the srimp and grits and LOVED it! It was creamy, savory, and generously portioned.  My husband ordered the steak.  All of the food came except my husband's.  When I alerted the waitress she casually stated that she forgot to put the order in despite the fact that his was the last order she took.  I jokingly told her that I thought that was worth a free order of the pretzels and she said she couldn't do that.  We were all suprised.  She brought us more "brittle" with no appology.  Luckily the manager came over and emphatically appologized...  with an order of pretzels.  My hubby's food finally came but it was cold and chewy.  We decided to skip dessert.   All in all I think it was OK but not sure I would travel back there from CT again.  Perhaps on a lazy Sunday afternoon when no one else is in the place.  I know that Saturday nights can be tough having worked in the food service industry myself and being a life long foodie.  But...  I don't think Guy would've liked what we were served.  ; )
