Howdy! My initial reaction when someone suggests going to dinner in Newark is not usually very enthusiastic.  But now that I have been to Fornos of Spain, I have something to look forward to. My buddies and I were heading to a Nets game a few months back, and we went to Fornos because it was just a few blocks away in the Ironbound (the Portuguese part of town).  They have a pretty big parking lot in the back of the restaurant and we just left our car there during the game and saved 30 bucks.  Maybe not the best idea in the world, but I wasn't driving. The restaurant is usually busy but it is big so they seem to always be able to work in parties pretty quickly.  A crowded restaurant is going to be loud too, but if you like a festive atmosphere that should not be a problem. Don't take that to mean that the place if full of yahoos, though.  The restaurant is a nice place, and it would be a good choice for a date or a business meal.  The helpful waiters are attentive and know the menu and wine list well, too.  You never have to worry about your glass going dry. Fornos provides a salad, olives and bread to start each meal, so don't forget this and fill up before your entrée arrives.  And all of the main courses are big enough for two people, so you might want to consider sharing. For this reason, you should think twice about appetizers unless you have a bigger party.  They have plenty of great appetizers, though: oysters, clams, octopus, baby eels anchovies, stuffed mushrooms and calamari.    The last time I was there we went with the calamari and the garlic shrimp, and they were both very fresh. For our entrees we shared the paella valenciana (shellfish and rice with chicken and sausages) and the stuffed veal loaf special.  The paella would have been enough for all of us.  It came in a huge skillet, and it was spicy and also fresh.  The veal was stuffed with cheese and mushrooms and was worth the guilt that came with ordering it.   I do not know if they do this for everybody, but they comped us a few glasses of port after the meal was over.  This was definitely a classy touch. Fornos of Spain is just a few blocks away from Penn Station and the Prudential Center.  If you have to eat dinner in Newark, this is the place to go.     Happy Motoring!
