Awful, just awful. Let me preface this review by saying I've been here before - twice, in fact although both visits were over a year ago. Maybe ownership or chefs have changed since...? Regardless, these previous meals were both enjoyable. Which is why when my girlfriend booked a large party of 14 this past Saturday for her 30th birthday dinner, I was amenable to going and actually looking forward to the meal (as opposed to if we were going to several other BYOB restaurants in the area popular for booking oversized dinner parties, which are all admittedly subpar - think La Viola). From the start, everything was off. They had us jammed in an overcrowded, overheated back room with two other parties both greater than 10 people each. There was one (repeat, one) waiter for the entire room servicing more than thirty people. Not surprisingly, service was extremely disjointed throughout the meal as the one waiter was running the show solo. The appetizers were average and probably the best part of the meal, food wise - the gnocchi had nice flavor from the ragu however had a soggy/mushy consistency. The house cured pancetta served atop a radicchio/apple salad was far too salty (the radicchio salad was enjoyable though.) People who ordered the roasted cauliflower w/ kale salad seems to enjoy it although I didn't try it. Everything quickly went downhill after the appetizers. Most people on my side of the table ordered the duck -- 5/6 plates appeared to be sliced nicely and cooked appropriately to medium rare. My plate however was raw. So raw in fact that I had to send it back. Without apology or surprise, the waiter whisked my plate away, then within moments reappeared with the same duck I sent away, this time mottled in color (a distinctly unappetizing purplish-grey hue with intermittent raw bits) and curling on the ends of each slice. I am fairly certain they microwaved my plate. I attempted to eat said microwaved duck, and found the texture so fibrous and unappetizing that I took two bites and stopped. Since I was there for my friend's birthday and not on my own accord, it was less upsetting than it would've been for a regular meal. For dessert, I had called the restaurant earlier that day to let them know this was a birthday dinner and if they could please send out a dessert with a candle for our friend it would be much appreciated. I was assured this would not be a problem. We subsequently all order desserts for ourselves at the end of the meal. My friend's dessert comes out, no candle. We try to subtly take the waiter aside and tell him it is her birthday and we had asked for a candle. As quickly and unapologetically as he had dealt with my duck, he henceforth came back to the table with something just as unappetizing and ridiculous - a bread plate with two skinny candles stuck on the plate. Without dessert. Please refer to posted picture. Horrified, we sang a half hearted happy birthday, then quickly went to find the manager/owner/someone to blame for this absurdity. Whoever I spoke to seemed unphased by this story (which is almost as alarming), however a few minutes later came to the table and told me all of our desserts would be comp'ed for the inconvenience. Nice gesture but really can't believe that happened. A bread plate with two candles in lieu of a simple dessert with a candle. Summary: please don't come here with a large group for a celebratory dinner. They are clearly incapable of handling this type of volume and either become so overwhelmed that simple details/instructions get lost in translation or they just don't care about delivering quality service and food. Either way, you'll walk away feeling unsatisfied (and hungry).
