I have biked by Chuko for the past 6 months. It took me a while to figure out what it was: a noodle bar. Once I found out it took me countless attempts to actually reach a table or bar. When I finally did make it, I realized that it was so worth the wait! I showed up on a friday night hoping that all the people in front of the place, on the sidewalk were leaving, not waiting for a table. I was sadly mistaken. It was 10:10pm and I was sure my friend (en route) and I would get a seat. I was put on a wait list. I ended up going to nearby bar for a drink while I waited for a table and my companion...kind of disappointing as I would have rather sat at their bar. While I had to endure a drink at a lack-luster, generic bar, alone, taking in a few strange, one liners, even THAT was worth the wait...my very late companion showed up at 10:45 and we were called for our table at 10:48! I was cool with it...and almost opted to skip dinner all together, but my tardy companion insisted. We showed up and the waitstaff was super pleasant. One table was being cleared for us. They were out of a few things but our waiter gave us the run down on how to order - just in case we hadn't been to a noodle bar before. We both ordered the Miso, I with pork and my companion with chicken, etc. He ordered the Gyoza. We drank water. The Gyoza came, and it was fine. I know better than to order that. i tried one, it was fine. I rather go to a dumpling house if I am getting gyoza. these were ordinary, nothing special. Again, this is a noodle house. My companion lamented over his appetizer order... Our bowls of ramen came soon enough. Wow, they looked gorgeous. the broth was thick, the egg was perfectly cooking; poaching slowly in the soupy murkiness. my pork slices were the proper thickness and still cooking in the broth and so tender, moist and fresh. the noodles - graspable yet not too soft or overcooked (perfectly workable with the japanese style chopsticks...even tho my companion seemed to have a hard time with them - I watched his less experienced maneuvers as he slathered himself in soup splash...) the sweet corn and scallions perfectly complimented the saltiness of the miso. The taste of the broth - heaven! By the end of the bowl I was a little salted out. I left a lot of the broth, but little if nothing else. The waiter was so amicable. He didn't smother nor was he aloof. He was spot on. The bartender and all the waitstaff did NOT make us feel rushed or anything, even tho we were the last table in the joint. (So many places do that after seating you moments before 'last call'.) These guys were great. Made me feel super comfortable. I found out one of the owners was Australian, explains a ramen bar in Brkln. I lived in Oz for a while and the authentic mix of Asian variety is known well there. The place was decorated with the simplicity of Japanese design and I appreciated  that. Menu is simple and straight forward. and the experience-Perfect. Apparently they are waiting on liquor or BYOB status, so have your drinks before hand and they will call you when your table is ready. OH, they are also open for lunch on the weekend. Thanks Chuko, i will definitely see you again soon!!!
