So it's winter and all I want to eat is a hot bowl of (usually Asian noodle) soup. We were in he neighborhood and decided to check out Terakawa because I haven't had ramen since I lived in Asia a few years ago and my friends had never tried it. We got there around 7 on a Friday night and it wasn't too busy but it filled up fast and there was constantly a wait throughout our meal. AMBIANCE The place is small, but very nicely decorated, they clearly put some thought into it, unlike a lot of the places in Chinatown. Intimate, cute, atmosphere. The menu is also small, which is nice because we didn't really know what to choose of the few options. SERVICE We ordered takoyaki,(deep fried octopus balls smothered in sauce) which came quickly and was delicious. I got the terakawa and my friends got the shoyu with chicken. I got my bowl first and waited awkwardly for my friends to get there's, then a bowl was almost put in front of my friend and then quickly whisked away. They came by to make sure they had ordered chicken, and then their bowls came out right away. FOOD I really liked the terakawa but the broth was a bit salty. The egg, pork, and crunchy veggies were really good though. The noodles were not what I expected-they tasted like thin wonton noodles, but they were good. I tasted the shoyu, and that broth was a bit salty too. Those noodles were like fancier ramen noodles that you would get in a pack at the grocery store. We were surprised at how filling it was compared to pho (I could normally eat a bowl of pho bigger than this without problems, but i struggled on the ramen). My friend's shoyu was missing an egg and she found a rogue piece of pork, leading us to believe that the earlier mixup was them taking the pork out and adding chicken. Not a big deal for her, but people who don't eat pork might have been bothered by it. They take credit card, but they don't take american express. They also have a customer survey, so hopefully they take customer feedback into account. Overall, I was pretty happy with my a filling noodle soup and appetizer dinner for $13 plus tax and tip. I will probably be back if I'm craving ramen, although I've been meaning to check out the other places, and I might be more likely to go for pho (cheaper, less salty).
