Everytime someone would mention "Park Tavern" i would jump up in joy & say lets go! ..... Not so much anymore Just a few months back i decided to bring my boyfriend to the Park Tavern, being the pizza lover that he is.. what can go wrong????? ALOT Being turkish muslims, we dont eat pork, anywhere we go before we order.. We kindly ask our waitress to correct us if we accidently order anything containing pork & to please tell the cook we dont eat pork as well. Everythings fine, she smiled agrees says thats perfectly fine and shed let the cook know. So we put our order in. A tossed salad with mozz, mussels, and a small pie. 2 minutes laaaaaater... We get our salad... Everythings fine. I put some salad on my plate, go to serve my boyfriend some salad.. And BAM!  A piece of salami or ham or whatever it was idk, but i know it was pork. So i call my waitress order and show her the piece of pork.. In our salad.. She apologizes and takes the salad back. Asking if we wanted another. We kindly said no.... We get our mussels eat our pizza.. Ask for the check. And see the salad is still on there.. *FULL PRICE* i call her over and tell her there must have been a mistake, she takes a look at it.. And says "no, i dont see any" Excuse me ?! Apparently the salad was halfway gone. Clearly she didnt give a crap to look on our plates to see all the salad we didnt eat. Anyway. I ask to speak to her manager. The response we get was "sorry our manager went home"  ok.. So i ask to speak to the person in charger. Another waitress comes over, i explain my situation and she says to call back tmrw and speak with a manager because she has no privileges to take food off of the bill. Excuse me but what if i found a roach in my food ?! Your gonna make someone PAY?! so i called back everyday for three days asking to speak to a manager and each day i got a different excuse saying the manager was "out" or "in a meeting" Ive worked in a restaurant since i was the age of 12 and never have i ever seen management this bad. Clearly they need the 9$ more than i do.. And thats a bad sign. Gave 2 stars cause the pizza is actually really good. To bad i wont be enjoying it anymore.
