All around a fantastic experience, but note it was a Wed, I'm not sure how it is on a weekend night. Our waiter was very good, although he wasn't a cheerful, smiling one, he was very attentive. The place itself was well designed, good distance in between each table. The wooden wall in the back is neat. The BR's are clean with tasteful decor. Apps All of our apps were delish, namely the Chicken Liver Mouse (MUST TRY!), the presentation was fantastic, the chilled clay pot was ingenious for this dish, it keeps the mouse chilled the entire time, rather than having the layer of gelatin on top melt away like at other restaurants. The accompanied sugared cranberries with mustard seed sauce was a great complement to the mouse, hands down, a beautiful dish, well thought out all around. We also got the Lobster rav, it was very very good, very plump with lobster meat, the curry emusion was a perfect sauce for this delicate dish, you could still taste the lobster in the ravioli pockets. The 3rd app was the Grilled Squid. Honestly was not my fave only bc squid is always very chewy/rubbery. The flavor of the dish all around was very good, I just didnt like the squid texture. Calamari would have been a better choice of seafood for this dish. My entre was the Dorade fish, it was very very good, super moist and juicy meat with a crispy skin, also 2 filets, not one like other places. It was perfectly seasoned, not too salty and full of flavor. The fish was really fresh. I didn't care for the wheatberry that came under the fish too much, it was a bit hard, felt like I was eating tiny plastic balls, it could have been cooked a bit longer or maybe I am just not a wheatberry fan in general. The side dish of grilled Cauliflower was cooked perfectly, crisp and charred. My fiance, Anton got the Lamb Shoulder, which in my opinion was a very very bizarre dish. He liked it but I thought the texture was strangely Rubbery? My guess is that it might have been cooked with a pressure cooker, pressed down? The flavor of the dish was very good but the texture of the lamb meat was not good. Of course, this does not prevent me from giving this place a fantastic review, I just think people should know it has a rubbery texture, that may or may not bother other people. After all that food, my full belly was asking for mercy while my eyes did a bee line for the Beignets. I had to at least try it (knowing I could take the rest home-they reheat nicely actually) They were very good, not the very best of the best I've had, like in New Orleans or France, but they are worth getting. The raspberry sauce that it comes with is superb. We will definitely come back. For a little known restaurant, decent prices, the food is fantastic. Beware of the lamb shoulder-rubbery. Get the Chicken Mouse!
