I've been eating at Taqueria Diana since the first week they opened. The food can be fantastic - at their best, the chicken tacos are juicy and flavorful, the tortillas taste fresh, and the nachos...ohhhh the nachos.  (Huge, salty, delicious.) And the service can be great, too.  The poor staff works in a tiny space with their backs to the (open?) flames of the stove, sweating buckets (not exactly hygienic when they're boxing up your food), but are nonetheless usually in good spirits. I live relatively close, too, so will often call in and pick up.  It gets busy, so it can be a bit of a wait, but usually reasonable. Last night was a different story.  Coming back from a weekend trip, my boyfriend and I decided to call in for delivery on our way into the city.  Budgeting about 45 minutes for delivery, we called at 8:11pm and placed our order with a woman who, somewhat snippily, kept interrupting me, getting my name wrong, and accidentally deleting my credit card number so I had to repeat it a few times.  Whatever, no big deal, she ended the call with "That'll be right out."  ***Let the record show, there was no mention of a long wait time.*** 8:47 rolls around and I decide to call to check on my order.  A guy picks up and says my order is ready, but their ONE delivery guy is out and they can't get in touch with him because he doesn't answer his phone (good for him, by the way - biking + talking on the phone = disaster).  The person estimates it'll be another 15-20 minutes.  At 9:17, I call again, and get the woman again, who proceeds to berate me on the phone.  I ask if I can speak to someone else - she says she's the manager.  I say oh great, well then you'll want to hear what I have to say.  I tell her I've been a loyal customer since week 1, that I love their food, and that they should consider  hiring MORE THAN ONE DELIVERY GUY on SUNDAY NIGHTS, when practically EVERYONE is ORDERING IN.  She claims it's the owner's problem, not hers.  Fine, fair enough, but her job is to field customer feedback.  She gets extremely defensive, keeps asking me to listen to her (I do), and consistently interrupts me when I try to say my piece. I call for the final time at 9:39 saying I'd like a refund, knowing that my food was ready nearly an hour ago and is surely not anywhere close to the delicious state I'm used to.  She tells me okay then, when the food arrives, you can tell him you don't want it, but I don't know what to do about your credit card because (insert some incomprehensible mumbling).  Excuse me, what?  You don't know how to give me a refund?  And you're the manager?   Something isn't right with the ownership at Taqueria Diana.  If you're listening, owner, PLEASE do better.  I've noticed there's been plenty of turnover at your restaurant in the past several months - perhaps if you treated your staff better, and hired more delivery men on high-volume days, you'd find yourself in a happier place.  As it stands, you're losing customers because of the short-sighted corners you're cutting.
