I have some vague memory of eating at the Royal Buffet & Grill years ago, and having terrible food poisoning for the remainder of the evening. I'm not sure why this didn't sway me from attempting to eat here again, but one evening I was in the area and had a carnal craving for Chinese buffet food. So what's a man to do? This place apparently has an odd, cult-like following. I have a few Asian friends who swear this place is good, and a fair amount of caucasian friends who also like it. Either they have all been brainwashed by the poisonous microscopic prions living in the "Mongolian grill" section (more on that one later) or they are attempting to play some sick joke on me. This place is HORRENDOUS. By horrendous, I mean it should be shut down by the health department immediately. The food is either fried to death, and therefore inedible, or completely undercooked. I fought my way through a red, chewy "Chicken Bun" before finally convincing myself it just wasn't worth it. General Tso's Chicken tasted like General Tso worked in a nuclear power plant. The "seafood soup" was like an alternative to suicide. I think the Hong Kong beef had SARs. The "Mongolian Grill," all raw fish/beef/poultry, is meant to be collected by the diner and then cooked at the grill in the back. So there is just one entire buffet with raw strips of food just lying out in the open air. Erm, is that even legal? Not only is the food awful, but the place's atmosphere is severely depressing. Decrepit, torn booths and old tables. Children running around joyfully yelling about the prospect of an ice cream machine, while their gloomy parents stare sadly at their equally sad plates of food. Stone-cold waiters and waitresses going around filling up soda glasses without words or looks. There are a few fish tanks, but they do little to enhance this aesthetic nightmare. This is what I imagine a North Korean cafeteria looks like. All this, and it comes to about $20 per person for a dinner on a Friday night. I now know that this place will not be getting a third visit from me....
