A group of friends and I went here for Sunday lunch. We waited about 40 minutes for a group of 6. There are essentially 4 dipping sauces to accompany the french fries: ketchup (already on the table), jalapeño ranch, diablo sauce, and garlic aioli. The diablo sauce is pretty much all heat, but with not much other flavors present. It was hard to note the jalapeño flavor in the ranch sauce. The garlic aioli and the ketchup were the group favorites out of the four. We tried the sweet potato fries and the truffle 'em fries. The sweet potato fries were good, but very standard. The truffle 'em fries are their standard thin-cut french fries with a gentle amount of truffled cheese on top. The truffle flavor is predominantly in the cheese. You do want to eat these somewhat quickly, as the cheese does harden and the fries do get soggy over time. It's clear that the fries aren't the main attraction here. Some of us tried to order the Five-Spice Duck burger (off menu), but they were out. So much for trying that location-special off menu item. As a result, I opted for the Original Burger which consists of: medium rare patty, parmesan frico, oven roasted tomatoes, and sautéed shiitake mushrooms. All the burgers are cooked medium rare unless ordered so. The sear on the Original Burger very present and added depth of flavor and a mild, meaty crunch to the burger. Maillard reaction for the win! We all thought that our burgers were all cooked perfectly as ordered. Each burger was juicy with the telltale runaway juices splotched on the plates. The brioche bun was nicely toasted and the parmesan frico (cheese crisp) had more toasty and crunchy notes in each bite. I didn't really care too much about the mushrooms as they seem to be absent; I only had 1 bite of the shiitake mushroom throughout the entire burger experience. However, the oven roasted tomatoes was what really tied the entire burger for me. The sweet sourness helped brighten and cut through the richness of the burger. I thought it was the perfect sized burger, but I do know that some people feel that it's a little bit on the small size for the price and wait time you have to endure for this burger. It's pretty rich, so I found the size to be just the right amount. The turnover per table is pretty slow and it seems like they also have an upstairs seating area as well. When we were seated about 80% of the bar and 4 other tables were open and ready for diners. I'm unsure why they don't have that space open upstairs for use. Perhaps management is trying to build up more hype by keeping the storefront busy with a long waiting line? Odd aside note- the bathrooms were unpleasantly out of certain items or unclean already at the start of the day. While the burger is good, I have mixed feelings because of what seems to be an unnecessarily long wait time and the price point because NYC has a whole slew of deliciously great burgers. I do believe it's worth the trip for any burger lover, however I would probably wait to make another visit when there's not much of a wait line.
