sometimes it's not just about the food.   [please note that my sister did warn us that the service was "spotty."  that should have been a huge flag for me.] we had a reservation for brunch this past sunday at 1215 pm.  our party of three was on time and we checked in with the hostess.  there were three employees/ladies standing around the computer chatting.  when i approached, it was clear that they would've preferred talking about whatever they were talking about and that it was not work related. i provided our reservation information and the hostess said that they were setting some tables, we were the only party waiting and that it would be a few minutes.   having worked in restaurants, i surveyed the immediate area and saw that two 4-tops (a table for a max. of 4 guests), two 2-tops and a round table for 6 were already cleaned and set.  what this means in lay person terms, is that three of the 5 tables in our vicinity were available for guests at that very moment.  [upon closer inspection, there were other tables that were clean and set further in the restaurant.] we sat in the seating area for a good 5 minutes.  at that point, one of the assistants came over and stood next to us with menus and mumbling an incoherent sentence.  we surmised that she was ready to show us our table...surprise!  she sat us at one of the VERY TABLES that was already clean and set from the moment we entered the premises.   from the devil's advocate side, i will admit that there are other reasons why we were not immediately seated: 1.  the server was "not on the floor" yet [meaning that her shift was to start after we arrived]; 2.  when several tables are seated at the same time, it can create a crush of food orders all at once thus "slamming the kitchen" with orders;  some restaurants therefore choose to "pace" their seating; 3.  invisible anti-bacterial stewards were disinfecting our table but they are invisible so we were not able to see them; and/or 4.  the ladies were solving world peace and it was, by far, more important than people waiting for a table at the restaurant where they are gainfully employed. regardless of the reason, a more direct or honest "excuse" for having us wait would have been preferred. i will admit that our server immediately came over to our table and was polite and friendly.  after taking our order, a basket of biscuits was set down for us.  the ensuing problem was that the table that we were required to wait for was not completely set.  there were no "bread and butter" plates for our biscuits.   at that point, i decided to get up and grab 3 plates from the server station. [they were sitting on a shelf.]  although i could have simply taken the plates from the empty yet set table next to us, i chose to not go that route because it would "rob" the guests that were to sit next to us of their plates. and then there was the "coffee" issue.  our guest had to request coffee refills at least 4 times.  the last and final time really tried my patience.  our server refilled the  coffee for the guests next to us - 12" away from us - but not our table.  our guest attempted to get the server's attention for a refill, but was unable to. as we prepared to leave, the manager came to clear our plates.  he graciously asked us how our experience was...this is always a nice touch. in the end, my nephew (13 years old) summed it up.  the food was okay, the service was satisfactory, but it would not warrant a return...there was nothing stellar about this restaurant.  with the vast amount of restaurants in the city, i would much rather spend my food dollars at a place that has both good service AND good food. at least the almond hash did not disappoint us...
