What can I possibly say that hasn't already been said about this spectacular, practically flawless restaurant? Maybe just a few notes, and honorable mentions... The space is very small, but cozy and relaxing.  I would recommend making reservations if you go, unless you go on the early side of dinner. The restaurant is marked by a metal pig sign hanging outside which gives it that country cooking feel, and who doesn't love that?  Tapas style, but I promise you intensely filling in a best of all possible ways. I felt like I only a bite from each dish we ordered, but I left feeling like I ate at a buffet. Rich and intricately flavored dishes goes such a long way! My table and I ordered several items and shared tapas style (which I recommend). 1. bacon wrapped blue chees dates, so many places get the bacon too salty  drowning out the sweet warmth of the dates, but they hit the perfect sweet spot! 2. berkshire pork belly, depth of flavors, and the richness of the pork belly means no wrong can be done here 3. strawberry cinnamon ribs, all I could imagine was a muffin after seeing this, but after first bite I can't believe people don't make ribs this way more often! (Maybe because only Traif can take the regular and put a whole new flavor spin on it!) definitely try it! 4. big eye tuna,  loved exploding fireworks-like presentation of color, I only wished it were right-out-of-the-pan-hot temperature 5. scallops, totally knocked it out of the park and they truly made this a star dish, everyone at my table wanted more! 6. sauteed broccoli rabe, this dish was a disappointment, I would pass on this since the toast was plain and dry, the broccoli rabe was stringy and difficult to cut, and in general just kind of an odd dish for a place that puts together such well thought out plates 7.baked muenster cheese, unless your craving cheese I would pass on this too, I'm a huge fan of cheese, and for some reason I think the melted texture of the muenster was a huge drawback, it was oily, too slick and thick, and it didn't quite spread, I know they picked muenster for it's flavor, but texture-wise with the crostini, I would say a no-go 8. cockles soup type dish, loved this one too, this dish came out last, and I wish it  were the first dish to have, lovely presentation, buttery, the brine from the seafood, warm, and filling, I think this would have set a great tone as an appetizer type soup had it come out first! 9. (almost forgot) the sliders! another star dish with the sweet potato fries, I ordered this thinking it would be the typical sliders/fries type fare. Wrong. The short ribs used in the sliders were so unbelievably satisfying, bread fluffy and soft absorbing some of the sauce, and In short, the choices they have seem like regular-fare, but their own Traif twist on it makes it truly a spot worth your time. Presentation, balancing of flavors, enhancing the amazing quality of the meat dishes are their strong suits. Go with any type of dining companion(s), family, friends, date, and revel in the   flavors that Traif magically, and seamlessly melds together. I am definitely planning a second trip back in the near future.
