Shuffling through the side streets of the West Village, we noticed this restaurant on our way to grab a drink down the street.  Without looking at the menu or mentioning it to each other, it caught both our attentions.  After a few beers, we were both starving and didn't have a game plan.  I mentioned the place we passed earlier, Extra Virgin, and agreed that we should give it a try. Walked up and were immediately sat at a sidewalk table on a perfect fall evening.  65 degrees, moonlight lighting up the buildings where the street lights didn't and the bustle of people returning home or passing by to find dinner themselves. Bottle of wine opened and glasses in hand, I immediately ordered the Pistachio Crusted Goat Cheese Salad to satiate my grumbling stomach.  Drizzled with apple vinaigrette, it comes out looking more like a terrine and was so delicious.  The flavors captured in each bite are amazing...the creamy cheese, crunchy pistachios and bitterness of the dressing...I was hooked.   I decided on the Honey Glazed Pork Tacos appetizer as my main meal so that I could save room for dessert.  A combination of avocado, pickled cabbage, black beans, chili pineapple salsa and crema created perfect bites.  I was tempted to order another round because they were so delicious, but decided on one more small bite to get another sample of the culinary masterpieces coming out of this kitchen.  I decided on the Roasted Artichoke Parmesan with poached egg, pancetta, hollandaise and again, I was not disappointed.  My companion ordered the Butternut Squash Ravioli, which I tasted, and also cleaned the plate. We sat for a while taking in the scene and people watching.  I never get bored of just hanging out and watching others go by, especially with a happy stomach and bottle of wine.  After half an hour, and a ridiculous craving for some chocolate, I ordered the Flour-less Chocolate Cake with Malted Ice Cream. The neighborhood has a buzz about it that made the evening more enjoyable.  Close enough to the action, but on a quiet street to make you forget about the city as you dine.  We witnessed several people waiting over an hour for tables, so we were glad we showed up when we did.  Service was thorough without being intrusive.   I am in the city once a month for business and I will go back again and again...
