Let me preface this review by saying that I love meat with meatballs ranking high on my list just behind cured meats. I also used to love the Meatball Shop. Therefore, it is with sadness that I am writing this poor review. I've eaten here several times before and the experience has always been wonderful. The meatballs succulent, the pasta al dente, the sauce, delicious, the service attentive without being overly so. The past few times we've tried to come there has been a long line so we've gone elsewhere. We tried our luck tonight. The good: 1) Thursday at 7:30 p.m. was a good time to come. We were told the wait would be about 20 minutes and instead it was about 10 at most.  2) They added a new iPad reservation system where you leave your mobile number and they'll text you when your table is ready. The bad: 1) the meatballs!!! I ordered the classic beef with a side of pasta. I was so excited to take a bite of the meatball, but when I bit into it, I got a mouthful of gristle. I took another bite and again, gristle. The meatballs were also a chewy rather rubbery consistency instead of being tender and moist. If it wasn't for the sauce, the meat would have been inedible. I ended up spitting out the gristle and chewy bits into my napkin. By the time I was done, my napkin was full of sub par meat. (sorry, I know it sounds gross). The sauce, too, was not as flavorful as before. The pasta, however, was cooked just right. My friend ordered the spicy pork meatballs with pasta. He said his dish was average, nothing special. 2) the service. The hostess who seated us and the person who cleaned our table and brought our food were very pleasant. Our waitress, on the other hand, was not. She rushed to take our order. Once the food arrived, she never checked in with us again. We actually needed an extra place setting. We had to flag her down. She gave us attitude when she brought the setting over. She disappeared and didn't come back until we asked for the check. Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed. Initially, I was so excited to eat the food, but sadly it just wasn't good. The restaurant's namesake is the Meatball Shop.  The meatballs, if nothing else, should be the stand out items. The mediocre service only added to the disappointment. If the food was extraordinary, like the other times I've been here, I could look past the bad service. When both quality of the food and service are bad, it just isn't worth it. The saving grace is that I didn't have to wait long to be seated. Too bad it was a short wait for mediocre food...This place has gotten so hyped up. Maybe it was just an off night or perhaps they are trying to crank out volume over quality. I used to love this place. It was the go-to neighborhood meatball joint. I definitely won't be rushing back any time soon. i was going to give 1 star, but my friend convinced me to add an extra star since they added a cool reservation system.
