So, I have eaten here a few times already. I really respect that Cookshop uses farm-fresh ingredients and that they are seasonal. Also, I really like that they make most things in-house. I saw that their online menu said that they had a certain pizza I really wanted to try (green garlic pesto with home-made mozzarella). Since I know that their menu changes on a daily basis, I purposely called the restaurant yesterday and asked what the pizza was for the day. They confirmed it was the green garlic pizza I wanted to try! I was very excited and immediately made a reservation on open table for yesterday night. My brother was visiting me and I wanted us to sit outside and share the pizza and catch up. Now, when I arrived there and sat down, I noticed that the pizza I came for, the only reason I decided to come to Cookshop to eat, was NOT on the menu. So, I asked a woman, who looked like she was a manager, that I called and asked for the daily pizza and was told otherwise. I let her know it was the only reason I came here and asked her if she could check in the kitchen to see if its still possible to make one just for us. She responded VERY rudely and with an attitude. Twice, she stated "well our menu does change daily" and I told her, "yes, I am aware that is why i called first and asked". She responded, "Well they probably told you the pizza from yesterday". UMMM HELLO!!?! That is the restaurant and staffs' fault not mine. Don't talk to me like it is my mistake. I did my part. She came back twice with an attitude "Uh what kind was it again?". I already told you TWICE. So annoying when people don't listen. At the end of the day, We ended up getting the clam pizza (which I have ordered on a different visit before) and it was so dry (overcooked) and flavorless.. It tasted like the plain naan I had with my burrata appetizer. The pizza had no seasoning/flavor and barely any clams on it. It was disappointing because I knew the potential it had, having tried it before. Felt so disappointed because I knew my brother didn't like i much but ate it anyway. Oh and by the way, it took 20 minutes for us to try and get our waitress's attention to even start ordering. Friday night is busy and they need to work on staff that can handle it. Clearly, we felt ignored the whole time we were there. HUGE disappointment overall. I felt that the restaurant's staff was unprofessional and the food was lacking. I really wanted to support this restaurant, but I will not return and embarrassed here again.
