Who does not know about Totto Ramen by now? Wholesome handmade Japanese ramen place in Hell's Kitchen in New York. I very much hesitated to post this since so many people have done it already. I kept asking myself. "What is news here?" I can almost hear my old editors yelling in my head. "But I want to write about Totto", my inner self insisted. Such an excuse would never work at a real newsroom, but it works beautifully in this editor-free zone. So here we go, my defense about not-so-breaking news-post begins. Since I was introduced to Totto by A Tiger in the Kitchen, this has been THE place whenever I crave for Japanese ramen. I try to go there at odd times like 3:30pm so I can avoid the crowd. Recently, I arrived there around 4pm and there was a long line, so sadly my trick doesn't work anymore. It seems like every New Yorker knows about this heaven. On a recent cold snowy night, we called them to ask how crowded it was. "Not much!" , waiter giggled. I calmed down my husband with this news.   We arrived at Totto only to discover there were more than 10 people ahead of us. It's not CROWDED by their standard. Do you get it? About 30 minutes later, we sat down. We started with this rice bowl called 'Soboro Char Don'. This is basically white rice topped with shredded pork with soy sauce. Sprinkled scallion and chopped onion is refreshing and tangy working through salty meat. What a joy. We loved it so much that we asked for another bowl for take-out. One of ramen men responded. "Only if you bring your own plastic container." Well, we didn't even have a doggy bag with us. Unsuccessful attempt. This was a special menu on that day, so it's not offered every day. Spicy vegetable noodle($12). This noodle has less broth but abundant veggies from mushroom, bamboo shoots, red/yellow pepper, avocado, and torch-burnt tofu. It's a delightful bowl with such organic aroma. Spicy avocado tastes like grapes, almost. Even though the soup doesn't have full taste like chicken broth, it's nurturing in a healthy and light way. I wish they can reduce the amount of sesame oil, so I can have even clearer taste of the soup. Totto Ramen is specialized in thick hearty chicken broth. Once they told me "in New York, there are only 2 places offering chicken broth ramen including us", so where is the other? Kambi could be it. I tried Kambi's chicken broth ramen, but it's like weak Americano coffee to italian espresso. It's so milky that it's hard to believe it's not pork. Every time I go, I choose Totto Spicy ramen($10.25). It's just so good. Red spicy oil with toasted garlic is irresistible. To me, it's like instant noodle powder meets long-boiled ox bone soup taste, which I love to relate to. Wavy homemade noodle is cooked al dante. Broiled chars (pork slices) are finished with powerful torch blow like the top picture. It's soft , chewy, and crusty. Totto's big brother, Hide-Chan Ramen is on the other side, on East Side. They offer mainly pork broth oriented fuller menu. Hide-Chan is for more grown ups with business suit, minute to minute scheduled life style, and etc. Totto maintains a unique underground aurora, and they are literally underground.   Now, a new high-end-traditional enough Korean restaurant, Danji just opened on the same block. Since then, the situation got a little more complicated. It's not  easy to abandon Danji before I get to Totto. Conflict, conflict. However, if the conflict is about choosing between Danji and Totto, I will welcome it. Anytime.
