Came here for the first time to take my girlfriend out for Valentine's Day. I had heard about this restaurant and saw it got very good reviews, so I figured we would check it out. Here is how our experience went... We arrived at 8:06pm with an 8:00 reservation. The hostess, who was very cheerful and polite, checked us in on her computer, took our coats, got our table prepared and had us sat within about 5 minutes of our arrival. I took notice of the decor of the restaurant, and it was very chic, with tones of both modern and traditional European restaurant styling. By the time we sat down, I was impressed. A server (I think) came by and brought us two glasses for the bottle of Pinot Noir that I brought (it's a BYOB, big plus). She came back with the bottle, opened it and poured us two glasses. She also brought a bottle of water from which she poured two glasses and left the bottle on the table. The main waitress we had came by and told us a bit about the menu. She had a very good personality. She brought us some warm, crispy bread with sweet butter and came back a few minutes later to take our order. She recommended the chocolate raspberry soufflé, which we ordered before ordering our meals. I ordered the escargot appetizer and the steak frites (cooked medium rare) for entree. My girlfriend ordered the crab cake appetizer and the salmon entree. The appetizers came about 15 minutes later. The escargot was AMAZING, better than any I had on my last trip to France. My girlfriend's crab cake was also very good. After we finished with the appetizers, the waitress came back and cleared our plates. About another 15 minutes later, the entrees arrived. My steak was cooked a PERFECT temperature, though more on the rare side. I didn't mind at all. The garlic butter was a perfect finish to it. The truffle fries were very good and the salad greens on the side were also a nice touch. My girlfriend's salmon was also very good (and I typically am not a huge fan of salmon). After we finished the entrees, there was the piece de resistance... The chocolate raspberry soufflé. Out... Of... This... World. It was like heaven baked into a dish. I can't explain it much better than that. I had a double espresso to go with it. I am guessing it was a French blend of coffee, very good. All in all, this was probably one of the top three dining experiences I have ever had in my life. Everything was perfect. The decor was fantastic, the staff were very friendly and non-pretentious, the food was out of this world start to finish. The menu does not have a huge selection, but I think it has just about all it needs. It's not cheap, though I wouldn't say it is overpriced either, just right for what you get. The timing was also spot on. The food was served nicely spaced apart, not rushed and not taking too long. We were there for a little over two hours. Any negatives? Can't think of any. The woman who ran my credit card at the end overcharged me by $100... The bill was $90.95 and she charged $190.95. I kindly brought it to her attention and she apologized, voided the charge and re-ran it for the right amount with no problem. No big deal, honest mistake. I stayed and chatted with my girlfriend a little while longer, wrote a $20 tip for the solid service and great experience, then we left. Bloomfield is about a half hour from me, but it's where my girlfriend lives. I don't end up hanging out there too often, but will I be back to Mes Reves? You better believe I will!
