My husband and I dined at Il Pittore on Saturday, March 17th. We were going to a show afterward so our reservation was a little on the early side at 5:30pm.  I make note of that because I feel our experience changed a bit from 5:30 to 6:30.  When we walked in, the restaurant was pretty empty.  We were greeted by the hostess and we were promptly seated upstairs and greeted by the servers.   Ambiance: The ambiance and decor were nice; however, I thought it would be a little dimmer.  They have sky lights, so since it was still bright outside, it was very bright in the restaurant.  It was also very quiet and I felt the servers kept staring at us because they didn't have anything else to do.  I felt a little awkward.  As the restaurant started filling up and they got busier, that was no longer a problem.  So I would recommend going at 6:30-7pm if you like a little more action, in my opinion. Food: The food was very good; however we thought it was a bit overpriced for the portions you received.  They were small.  Because it is Northern Italian, you are meant to have various courses.  We shared the ricotta to start, which was very good.  The cheese and apples complimented each other nicely.  I had the tortellini for my primi course - I thought it was lacking something.  It was okay, but I was a little disappointed.  My husband had the Pappardelle - that was very good.  It had a hint of cinnamon or clove or something similar which intrigued me.  My secondi course was the scallops.  They were tasty but you only get three and I was still hungry.  I also tasted vinegar, which was a bit overpowering.  My husband had the lamb shank.  He liked it; I thought it was just okay. And we split the chocolate bomboloni for dessert; that was very good. Service: The service was excellent - someone was always there to fill your drink and see if you needed anything.  Our server was there to answer any questions we had.  The other servers cleared our plates away as soon as we were finished and each course was brought out at the appropriate time. All in all I would recommend coming here once for the experience.  The food was good to very good and the service was great.  Chef Painter is talented.  I just wish the prices were a little lower or the portions were a little bigger.
