I am glad I don't live closer to this place because I would surely waste all of my time, money, and brain cells and not regret it one bit. I am well over the dive bar scene. I like a place with good drinks, good food, and something to keep a group's attention. First, the beers: I am a big fan of Great Lakes so having 32 oz of Elliot Ness was right up my alley. The rest of the selection is massive quality brews, don't expect too much Miller Lite or Bud Lite because a beer garden prides itself on its taps. The best thing about the 32 oz of golden glory is that I milked it, and it was still cold by the bottom. The reason has to be these thick glass mugs that even most men have to two hand. It would totally ruin the beer if the last 8 oz. was luke warm. The bar also has all your liquors, including jager, tequila, etc. I did not see anyone drinking wine but I am sure they have it. The food: I got the lamb burger solely so I could use my baaaaaaaaaa-ad joke as many times as possible. But I also love the cucumber yogurt after taste. There is a tomato paste mixture on it too, reminded me a little too much of ketchup but overall the burger was baaaaaaa-anging. The fries get me every time. They remind me of fries from a greasy spoon but actually aren't that greasy. Your food comes on wax paper and you would see if they were really greasy, and surprisingly, they aren't! Side note, potato pancakes are good if they are crispy. Also come with a tasty sour cream sauce. This place has everything to keep a groups attention. We got there at 7:30/8ish on a Friday evening and were able to get a huge table that fit 8-10 people. We immediately started Jenga because, c'mon, who doesn't love Jenga. There's also ping pong, fooseball, and of course the incredible fire pits outside. Don't worry about being cold, there are heat lamps at every table and the fire burns high and bright to keep the whole courtyard warm. The bar played good music although it wasn't too loud. There are high ceilings so actually the whole volume level isn't bad. With all the conversations between groups (usually trying to talk over each other) at the huge tables, it doesn't get crazy loud. Tip of the day: Don't wear a jacket you plan on wearing the next day. If you sit by the fire pit to make smores ($1, yes only $1), you and all your clothes will smell like a camp fire.
