Oh my god. Amazing amazing amazing. Every time I go to this spot I have to come back.  It is so good. The first time I went to this French restaurant in the heart of SoHo I had the pumpkin ravioli with pancetta, pumpkin seeds, and kale in a light sauce. It was a cold week in New York, one of the coldest that year, and that hit the spot.  Added with a glass of red wine and a good friend to talk too....I was a happy guest.  It sounds like a typical meal that you would get at any Italian or French restaurant, but let me tell you it was the best I had ever had and that is saying a lot.  Maybe it was all the love that goes into the food or the cold night that made it taste so savory.  It was delicious.  So, of course the next time I was in town almost a year later, I told my friend I wanted to go back.   This time we went in and the menu had changed, maybe it was just seasonal, the pumpkin ravioli dish since it was only early September this time.  Instead we had the next best thing, the Homemade sweet corn and ricotta ravioli with lobster for our starter Ho rs d'oeuvres and the Steak Frites for our entree that we shared.  I was craving a good steak with french fries especially from the people who do it the best, the French.  And with a side of Bearnaise sauce this meal was also a pleaser.  For dessert we had creme brulee, also a favorite of mine and it was also very good.  They have excellent french pastries and dessert which are also available in the dessert shop next to the restaurant.  They are known for their excellent pastry chef.  So, I would recommend trying them out at least once with a nice espresso for a cold winter night in the City, it is worth a stop.   A carafe of red wine and a good comforting dinner between good friends was just what I needed from Balthazar.  They always please, it is hard to get a table on a weekend night especially if you don't call ahead, but if you come in and ask, they usually have smaller tables to the right of the door that are for walk ins.  I have never had to wait more than 20 to 30 minutes. This famous restaurant always lives up the hype for me.  I can't wait to stop in again next time I visit.
