For a Milestone Birthday, I wanted to go to a small highly rated restaurant that was trendy, low key that served the comfort food I craved. I actually cancelled our reservation at Daniel which I will dine at in the future  After canceling our initial reservations at the very highly Rated Daniel,,no offense Daniel! The planets started to come together finally for my birthday celebration. Last Saturday Night for this Bastille born foodie, the best was yet to come##    The Little owl usually requires a reservation made 30 days in advance due it's small and intimate setting. from my initial reservation request to Essence who is the  reservationist I began to get the VIP Treatment. little tip they keep open same tables for walk ins every night. we were able to secure a reservation at 930 my preferred dining time. I like going out not to early and when the main dinner rush is over. With very short notice during the summer on a weekend mind you, Essence began to set the wheels in motion for my 39 th Birthday Dinner, 39 forever now lol. There are many aspects that impresses me, especially when a trendy Ann hot place gives me the # J Lo treatment, for me treatment reserved for a Lister's, not z listers like me. For example if you want to go September 3,  then book August 3... It's best to call between around 10 am to 5 pm Monday through Friday because that is when they take them.   Essence perfectly arranged my Birthday Dinner. The arrival. we arrived at 930 and were greeted like family by Theresa the maitre Di From the first second Theresa was so kind and welcoming to our party, and was the Second Celebrity from the incredible staff that we met. Next we were warmly welcomed by Kathryn who not only was our sever and food and wine advisor.and also a new friend. I mention the word celebrity who to me a person that makes me feel like a celebrity!!!! You don't have to be on Page Six to be a celebrity to me. I can assure A listers that your privacy will be respected but kept quiet, unlike other places.  To me an a lister on a meal out is like the whipped cream on a sundae. Btw the staff were all the celebs I had to meet that night. The Atmosphere of the little owl reminds me of a dining room in some of my favorite Bed and Breakfast, !s that I have visited. The following words come to mind warm, intimate and inviting is the vibe here. Kathryn liked our choices in food and gave us excellent wine pairing suggestions. Like myself she has a passion for wine selection. Appetizers: you must order the meatball sliders that are discussed from NYC to Los Angeles as being the best. We also shared the equally as tasty Lobster Rissoto. These dishes were also highly rated by many fellow yelpers. Main course: my party split an incredible seasoned and perfectly cooked steak of the highest quality. Farm to table on all ingredients here. I ordered the most discussed pork chop ever. Do the math about 34 years of eating pork chops at home and some of my favorite restaurants worldwide. Sides: we ordered the Mexican corn, and pomme fritters. For non meat eaters there are many dishes to from Vegetables, to fish and chicken who prefer these foods. Also they have great salads which I wish I had tried too. Timing of Dining is very important to me. A meal is like a 3 act play, separate courses with natural pauses.  Another crucial concern of mine is that some other highly rates places will try to speed  up your meal, and create more revenue. The 90 minute meal was perfectly timed and executed. Dessert my favorite ending to a perfect meal. Kathryn for my 39 th birthday.. Lol brought out an incredible  warm chocolate molten cake served with incredible coffee Gelato. Prior to leaving I had to photograph the team that made our evening an event that I will always treasure. you can guarantee that when I go to Dine out in NYC that I will go back many times to the Little Owl on Bedford street in the West Village.
