So a gay couple and their straight roomie walk into a bar.... That happens to be the best foodie place in the hood. Just moved into the area and have been cleaning and painting our dwelling. We checked out this quasi foodie haven dive bar at the suggestion of a co-worker. First off Sarah our Goddess Bartender was epic. Polite, friendly, but no bullshit and is a shining example of what every bartender should be. Quick refills, attentive, comforting, polite, and just naturally cute and inviting. Superb service skills. We've gone the last two nights and some of the food is downright amazing with a decent selection of craft beers. Think southwest Philly's Bishop's Collar with a twist and much better food and that's this jawn right here. Food we tried the cowboy chili, the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak (which isn't genuine but quite Frankly I think tastes better), Pork Meat Loaf Sandwich, Roasted chicken open face sandwich (omg so effin good think sos but with mom's homestylins), onion rings (best we've ever had), Nancy's buttered noodles (classic comfort food, delicious), fried ribs (why haven't I ever tried this before??!! Fantastic) and their Peanut Butter Chocolate Pretzel Sandwich (shut the front door and holy garbanzo beans that sandwich is like eating a "take five candy bar" only in sandwich form omfg that shit is amazeballs). Cons: Cowboy chili was good, the taste is there but it's kinda soupy and the texture is off, throw some more fixings in and top it off with some masa and it would be golden. The pork meatloaf sandwich was ok. I feel either the taste of the bbq sauce was off or there was too much of it or maybe both. Again a little tampering and this could be perfection. The menu is on a chalkboard which isn't easily eye accessible from every angle of the bar. I understand saving paper/trees/meaningless minutes wiping them down in the am (as I too have worked in the service industry) but it's super annoying to fight the crowd to take a gaze of tonight's fixings and I wasn't prepared that awesome epic Sarah would be able to repeat them exactly and didn't want to be an ass by assuming she would know them. Maybe put in another chalkboard menu near the door so those sitting there can see easier? And last but not least the crowd. I was actually very surprised that the workers there didn't want to do mortal combat battle against some of the patrons there who walked in the front door and did not so much as even glance to make sure the door closed behind them on a cold fall night. Patrons get your class together just because your in a place to be served doesn't mean you toss out all politeness and respect. Pros: Food is really great so far you can tell whoever is in charge is really passionate about what they do and uses quality ingredients that are fresh. Reasonably priced forthe most part. Beer selection is nice. And a very homey/punky feel to it. So far thisis a favorite of mine. Thank you staff at Sardine Bar, your effort and hardwork shows!! ; )
