When my husband and I decided to go to Philly for a weekend, I asked some people for restaurant recommendations. All said to try a Jose Garces restaurant. Since we love tapas, we decided to have dinner at Amada this past Saturday night. We had 5:15 pm reservations and the restaurant and bar area were over half full when we arrived. By the time we left at 7 pm, it was completely full. Our server (I can't remember his name, but he totally looks like Mitchell from Modern Family) was so incredibly friendly and helpful. He checked on us just enough to be attentive without annoying, and I really appreciated that he suggested the grilled lamb instead of the lamb stuffed with goat cheese and herbs since we were already getting the baked goat cheese. Little suggestions like that separate, to me, waiters just there for a paycheck from the ones who really care and want people to have good dining experiences. Since we are experienced tapas diners, we knew to only order six dishes between the two of us for dinner. We got: Patatas bravas - good, but I wish the potato portions were just a little bigger. I really liked the aioli but had to scrap it off the top of the potato so I could rub the whole potato in it. Tortilla espagnola - more than enough for my husband and I (dare I say, even too much?) and good. After a few disasterous encounters lately with tortilla espangola in the DC area, the one at Amada was a welcome relief because we finally got something quite tasty. Baked goat cheese with tomato basil - delicious! Of the three non-meat/seafood items, this was my favorite. Scallops - cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of flavoring to them Beef shortrib flatbread - I can't believe I am saying this, but this was my favorite thing we had. It's surprising because I don't really like meat. However, for some reason, I loved this dish. It was so delicious...I didn't even realize there were onions on it until my husband mentioned it (again, not a huge onion fan either). I highly recommend this dish. Grilled lamb - I don't have much experience with lamb, but I thought it was delicious and cooked really well. My husband must have thought the same because he ate every bite. He remarked afterward that the lamb could have been a meal by itself because of the generous portion size. We also had the fried cream with hazelnut ice cream as a dessert. It was a perfect way to cap off the meal - the combination of the fried cream and ice cream with some chocolate sauce was a nice explosion in my mouth. Our bill for four drinks (1 sangria, 1 glass of Albarino, and 2 beers) and our seven dishes came to $105 before tip. Next time in Philly, I would definitely check out another Garces restaurant after a good experience at Amada.
