There are only two things I needed to do when I visited Philly, first is to see the bell, and the 2nd, try a truly authentic cheese steak. I accomplished both missions. Visiting the bell had me learn a history lesson, going to Pat's taught me to never return. sign 1: there's a long line but it moves very fast my thought before: lines are a good sign because people must love the place my thought after: the line is composed with majority of tourists and it moves fast because the people at the counter literally kicks you to the side sign 2: the funny sign on the wall on how to order at Pat's my thought before: funny = friendly? good sign. my thought after: they DO MEAN what they post on the sign, it's not a joke... "if you make a mistake, don't even TRY to change your mind when you are at the counter" sign 3: two separate windows, 1 for cheesesteak and 1 more fries and drinks my thought before: specialization! how smart! my thought after: the fries and drink window is the saving grace for this place. The fries are good and the guys at that window is a lot nicer. So what made me dislike this place so much? I didn't mind the line, didn't mind the cold winter weather and didn't mind the seats. At the counter me:  one cheese steak with onion (instead of the term wits) whoever inside: punches something and yells something to the back me: and one mushroom cheese steak whoever inside: gave me the WTF look and punch something in and yells something to the back again me: and ... whoever inside: 8 dollar me: no, one cheesesteak AND one mushroom cheesesteak AND one roast pork whoever inside: yells something to the back. " $22.50" me: hand over $40 whoever inside: look VERY annoyed. "don't you have 50 cents?" me: no whoever inside: gave me the money whoever else inside: hands me my stuff at the same time both whoever that's inside: now F*** off me: o_O!!!!! tries to grab all the stuff and money and run before they throw their spatula at me. OK, i know that there's more of a chance to find good service in California, but I didn't except treatments like this. Then I went on to get fries and drinks, that guy in there was nice, and he even smiled! So move on the the food, the steak is too thick and too chewy for my taste, and she didn't give me onion because I didn't say "wit", which is fine, I know it's my fault for not knowing that rule. The roasted pork tasted like wood? it's completely tasteless and drier than dry. Although the fries are good, actually, better than Geno's. and that's why I'm giving Pat's a 2 star instead of 1. Knowing that they probably get a lot of their business from tourist, there's really no point to piss off someone who's clearly a first timer, because words do spread fast and are very powerful. Now i am telling everyone i know not to go there when they visit philly... Even though the line at Geno's is longer, and their menu has only one item, next time I am Philly, I'll be sure to return to Geno's
