OMG. I'm so mad. I had such mixed feelings at the end of my meal at Momofuku Ssäm Bar. I felt so bad for insisting up and down that we had to eat there, I was sorry for wasting a meal on our short and limited trip to NY, and I felt so completely flabbergasted and confused by the so not good meal I just had I wanted to run out into the rain and scream out "Are you f*cking KIDDING me?!!??!@#!#$%&" to the world that had somehow completely and utterly convinced me that a David Chang restaurant was somewhere I absolutely needed to go and experience. I've been following David Chang's rise to culinary and media fame with keen interest for some time now. His accolades and recognitions are too numerous to list, and reading his interviews or watching him on the 'Food Porn' episode of "No Reservations," you can't help but admire the guy with his quirky and laid back attitude about his swift rise to the top as well as what is supposed to be his "culinary genius." I can deal with the annoying and weird reservation system. I get it, you want it to be accessible to everyone so you do this weird thing limiting the number of people you can make reservations for, how far ahead you can make them yada yada... And even when we got to the restaurant, the whole "no adding people to your group once you've been seated even though you have 2 empty chairs at your table" thing, I could forgive. It's NYC and I know the restaurant gets crazy packed so you want to ensure everyone gets served in a fair manner. The offbeat menu too, fine, whatever, that's your thing, run with it. What I don't get though, is the food really not being that great. Dish after dish, I kept cocking my head to the side, puzzled and wondering if something was wrong with my taste buds. None of it tasted good to me. Some of it just tasted weird texturally or even flavor wise. By the looks of everyone at the table, I wasn't the only one having those thoughts. My face got hotter and hotter throughout the meal, not only because of the crowd and chaos, but because I felt so bad for dragging my friends to eat there in the first place. The Beau Soleil Oysters with Kimchi Juice- yes, I know David Chang isn't making Korean food and he's utilizing the ingredients and flavors of the particular cuisine to enhance and create his own vision but really, I mean, if you're going to use Kimchi Juice with oysters, at least use fermented Kimchi juice so there's some sort of acidity to go with the dinky little oysters. What we had tasted like oysters with spicy, bitter, water. Two of our friends didn't even touch the oysters while others had to be urged to take the last few remaining on the plate. I couldn't blame them, I didn't really want them either, and I love oysters. The Cured Hamachi with Edamame and Horseradish was tasty, but no more than any other kind of Yellowtail dish you might have at a good sushi restaurant. Plus, the dish was so small, you couldn't even share it. The famous Pork Buns? So they come two to a plate. I didn't get a chance to taste them at first since we didn't have enough to go around so we ordered another one. When I put it in my mouth, I wish I hadn't. Yes, pork belly is fatty and that's what I like about it. But I had a solid square of only fat in my bun and combined with the cucumbers? Well, it was just not a good experience. I took a bite and chucked the rest onto my plate. I felt a gnawing sensation starting to grow in my stomach- it wasn't hunger, it was more like dread. The Crispy Pig's Head was fine, very porky in taste with a good crust from being deep fried and the Pear Mostarda cut through the grease well. Edward Wigwam Country Ham- it was OK, it's just ham. If anything I liked the "Red-Eye Gravy" that came out with it more. Sad, I know. I liked the condiment better than the actual dish. The idolized Satur Farms Fried Brussels Sprouts? It just tasted like fried Brussels sprouts with Nuoc Cham. The fried Brussels Sprouts at SPQR in SF are way better. The Long Island Crescent Duck was probably the one dish I liked enough to want to order more of. It was well cooked and very flavorful. I was sorry I only got to have one piece. Last of all the Spicy Pork Sausage & Rice Cakes. We had more than half left over of this dish and we had six people in our group. We couldn't even convince anyone to take the leftovers home. If it's a riff on the Korean street food Duhkbokki, it's a very poorly executed one. It's too spicy and greasy, and didn't have much in common with the silky, tangy, lightly spicy and sweet street food most Koreans grow up eating as a snack. The end of the meal couldn't come sooner, I just wanted to leave and forget about the whole thing. But it still bothers me, I don't know why. I think it's because I have to agree that David Chang seems so damn likable. Maybe THAT's his thing- be likable, serve weird food and everyone will think it's great because he's so cool. Genius. Evil genius, but genius nonetheless.
