It's a Friday night after work and this is my last weekends grabbing sushi with one of my close guy friend in NYC!! We always wanted to try sushi around Brooklyn but we failed.. Since we are spoiled with the food in Manhattan.. So we kinda ignored Brooklyn... So after work.. We just went into Iron Chef since they have an A rating and also higher rating than Sushi Samba (which I heard they have good ratings but overprice).. hmm.. Looking at the menu.. The dinner set caught my eyes on it... My guy friend said he is gonna order that... As for me.. I don't like to order the same thing as my friend does.. I love to order something different and just grab a bite of my friends portion.. (so you can have more variety right??) So.. I look at their special sushi which cost about $10.. I am hesitating whether or not I should order it as for the dinner combo is only $17 with soup, noodles, xiumai.. and you are able to choose sushi, sashimi.. and a few more which I don't remember... As I said I don't like to order what my friend does.. I look at the other specialty.. The sushi and sashimi combo caught my eyes but I am afraid I can't finish it!!! "You are not gonna be full with just a special roll..!!!" that's what my guy friend told me... As I remember I can eat a lot of sushi when I was in Malaysia.. hmm... so I finally make up my mind in ordering the sushi and sashimi combo.. It also comes with a bowl of salad.. Salad.. the greens that they used are fresh and the dressing is really special as I can feel that the salad dressing and the greens are blending together and the "freshness" just went into my mouth.. The miso soup that my guy friend had looks pretty good.. I can't comment on it since I did not try it.. As for the sashimi and sushi that I ordered.. The sashimi is really fresh and clean.. Since it's raw.. So I am really picky on it.. They are really generous in their sashimi as you can taste the fish.. where some of the restaurant will just give you a tiny little bit of sashimi since it's expensive.. The sushi is pretty normal but it's really huge and I can't finish it.. As for my friends dinner combo.. The xiumai tasted really bad.. I think they just bought it from some cheap asian store and just steam it.. :S Other than that.. It's pretty normal but the price is reasonable and if you come to think of the food and the dollar value.. This place is definitely the best sushi priced place!!! (Sorry for my bad English) As you may wonder why do I give 4 stars instead of 5 stars. well.. Since the price is reasonable and the portion is huge.. The place is clean and the raw fish that they used are clean but it might not be in a good quality.. As I can feel it in my mouth.. (I guess it's because I had been to Hatsuhana where the raw fish they used are really fresh but it's way more expensive).. Well.. you can tell it right? I don't think they will price it that cheap if they are using the best quality fish!! Other than that.. I have to say this.. My guy friend claims that after this.. He lost his appetite the next day!! which I don't really believe it since I am totally fine.. (I guess I have a better "system" in my body.. :P)
