This is the WORST bar, I've ever been to, and I've been to Ia., Va, Ms, La, Ohio, NJ, Md, Mn, Il.. pretty much I've been all over. For one, when I walked in there, I had to wait over three minutes before I was acknowledged because all three bartenders were at the end of the bar socializing instead of tending to their patrons. Strike ONE! After all of that I was finally approached, after having to yell down the bar and meet them halfway before being asked what I wanted. I asked the cost of their Long Island Iced Teas and this frigid idiot of a bartender states she doesn't know AND they didn't have Lemon Squirt so she had to put O.J. in it! No price fix or anything! Strike TWO Mind you, the only reason I came to this bar was because I was at a friends house waiting for them so I figured I'd kill some time. Oh wait, let me take aback a little. they charged me before even giving me my drink, but when I noticed the ladies sitting next to me, they were charged AFTERWARDS! Strike THREE But by this time I already paid for my much needed drink. All during my episode there, I wasn't tended to, or checked on, Nothing. Like I said, I've been to bars, I know the routine: Greet, Take order, Check on patron a few times and send the bills. Basic protocol. Get this, when another set of patrons who resembled very much the same patrons who didn't have to pay until they were about to leave, entered the bar, they were greeted INSTANTLY!  Checked on, the whole nine. Mind you these patrons could never be mistaken for being a member of my family, if you know what I mean. So that was an issue that came to mind and I will continue to suspect. I have video of the whole experience. I wish I could post it here to show you how this chick really had me feeling as if I was a fly on the wall. I know anyone who is a native of Fishtown would ask, whats a guy like yourself expect when entering a bar out there? But money is green and that should be the ONLY color involved and concerned with. I dont care what these other posts say about their menu and prices because the service SUCKS. And when youre dealing with the public, you should be EQUAL, friendly and informative.
