Last Friday we went to dinner with another couple. We rarely go out and managed to get babysitters so right there add $80 to the tab of $300... So let's start there $380 tip & sitters included for four people. This better be a great meal. You can get a case of wine and 5 pounds of prime meat at the Shelburne meat market for that money. Atmosphere: ok, looks better than any of the other places that preceded them. Light is well balanced, decor is on spot, furniture is solid. Not sure having a skeleton by the window is the best prop unless you are looking for vegan patrons but I guess Halloween is around the corner. The floors are dirty, unfinished and stained with who knows what. There is also something unglamorous about the entrance being shared with the apartment building, do notice the ultra kitsch cornucopia over the main entrance. Staff: perfect, cordial, amenable and good timing. Our waitress Darcy was right on her game. The bartender missed the spot on my Martini, big time, he served it on a low whisky glass instead of the traditional V shaped glass. Weird. Overall they were very well coordinated, moved around each other with ease and were professional in a non chalant Burlington kind of way. Food: oh dear. I was really looking forward to writing a good review, but I am not going to. First, the structure of the menu has no theme, hush puppies, bison, trout, tenderloin, grits, Cuban sandwich...  What is this place? Anyway we ordered: Hush puppies that were undercooked and unimaginative Dry aged meat - very nice. Feels like I could get it at Hannaford's though Trout, I have a pet peeve against filets that curl up. This is common when you are learning to cook fish, the pan is to hot, there is no care to detail and then, well, you flop it. The vegetables surrounding this sad looking fish were boiled then grilled maybe and tossed around like my kids would do on their plates. Beef Tenderloin: perfect, the best thing that came out of the kitchen. I don't remember what came with it but the steak was fine. Again this you can do at home in about 10 minutes so there really is not much virtue there. Bison Hanger Steak: I am an adult, I don't care for people cutting the steak for me unless it's at the table as part of a serving ceremony. If after cutting it you decide to add chopped onions mix it all together and serve it... Next to it two ice cream scooped shaped balls of purée followed by a steamed cabbage with no personality. Price tag: $26 dollars. Hum. Desserts: carrot cake, good. Chocolate mousse, great. Bread pudding nah, but it's not my thing. So, what I would do is have dinner elsewhere, grab an after dinner drink or a coffee there, the bar is nice, have dessert, people watch and save yourself the aggravation (and don't look at the floors).
