Came here for restaurant week with friends and had a wonderful time.  The decor was nice with the tons of little lights that glow like little stars along the ceiling and walls.  They have terrace and patio seating so that you can enjoy your meal outside on a gorgeous day.   We ordered the oysters, cavatelli, sweetbreads and salmon tartare as appetizers and found them all to be delicious.  The Cavatelli is a pasta dish that actually was quite a significant portion and delicious.  I normally don't like the taste of sweetbreads but this one came in such delicious sauces and was crispy on the outside so I actually found myself enjoying it.  The tartare was delicious, I only wish it came in a slightly larger portion.  The 4 oysters were very fresh.   For the main course we ordered the arctic char, berkshire pork chop, Roasted leg of lamb and squid ink chitarra.  The arctic char was perfectly cooked and my favorite of the bunch.  The roasted leg of lamb was super tender and flavorful and my second favorite.  The berkshire pork chop was also very flavorful and good.  The squid ink chitarra was good also however I've had better. For dessert we had the black forest sundae, chocolate pot de creme, beignets, and creme friache panna cotta.  The chocolate pot de creme was perfectly smooth and chocolaty and my favorite of the bunch.  The black forest sundae was my second favorite but I wasn't too big of a fan of the brandied cherries (my friend who picked them all out and ate them for me seemed to enjoy them though).  The panna cotta was good too but not as sweet as my sweet tooth would have preferred (however this seemed to be a favorite for those with less of a sweet tooth).  Beignets in case anyone didn't know resemble zeppoles but less deeply fried.  They are described as donuts on the menu and was the least favorite for everyone at the table.  If you're craving a good donut go to Donut Plant instead...i know it's different but it's still better.   Overall I'd definitely go back again.  Solid place and great for nice summer dates.
