3.5 stars just because of the steep steep prices in their dinner menu! This place isn't good for groups! Had to order tons of  dishes that weren't even filling. They were so delicious though. Let me give you some background on Momofuku Ssam Bar. Momofuku means lucky peach! Random right? You see the peach emblem on David Chang's (the owner/chef) restaurants like Momofuku Milk Bar, Momofuku Noodle Bar...etc .Sadly, I wasn't able to try all of his locations as much as I wanted to. This guy is pretty much clever. David got famous for his PORK BELLY BUNS. It is a simple bun (used commonly to eat with peking duck). He basically just slabbed on a piece of meat and added some special sauce and created the Pork Belly Bun. Till this day you HAVE to try this overpriced piece of deliciousness out! Chinese restaurants all over NYC have attempted to imitate this bun, but it just doesn't turn out quite so good! Anyway, you can't make reservations for this place. The wait for a table of 6 was about 30-45 minutes. Not too bad so my cousins and I went to the bar next door (owned by Momofuku too). BTW Momofuku Milk Bar was across the street but my cousins said it wasn't that great and they took us to Dessert Bar, Chickalicious. YUMS. Ok no more tangents. So the place gets packed, the seats are sorta cramped but we managed. Ordered another round of Pork Belly Steamed Buns and a bunch of other things: Shanghai Noodle: It was such a tiny little bowl! So good though. Not your typical golden yellow noodle, but more like plain looking with trout roe sprinkled on top. Spicy Honeycomb Tripe: Never really had tripe on its own dish besides in my pho or something. This was nice and squishy. It was almost like I was eating a bowl of noodles! Market Greens: Pretty vegetable colors! Roasted Lamb Lion & Belly: My FAVE dish! Came with an egg too! It was so moist and pink. It was salty and tasted like duck too for some reason... Spicy Pork Sausages & Rice Cakes: Loved the Rice Cakes. It was hard to find the sausages in all that sauce! This place is good if you were eating dinner for 2, not for 6! The price can be too high for the small portions of food. I am sad I didn't get to try Momofuku Noodle Bar ! The thought of pork belly in my ramen is salivating.
