Stephen Starr's indoor/outdoor beer garden. As long as you manage your expectations and recognize that Frankford Hall's focus is on the beer and the ambiance - and not the food - you should be pretty satisfied. Unlike some other Starr restaurants that can feel gimmicky (not that I have a problem with that), Frankford Hall keeps it simple with exposed brick façades and re-claimed industrial metals. The courtyard is filled with communal wooden picnic tables, beneath trees and strings of lights. With the liveliness of the courtyard, Frankford Hall is poised to be a hot spot for the upcoming summer months. Don't get it twisted: this place is all about the beer (ordered from a walk-up counter). Most of the beers run between $6-8 for a half-liter and $13-$15 for a full liter, which is pretty much equivalent to a pitcher. I really liked the Spaten Oktoberfest, which is a little on the sweeter side. And if you're a real beer connoisseur, you may want to try the Dogfish Head exclusive, My Antonia, which is only available here. Even though the food is admittedly overpriced for what it is, it's nice to have something to munch on. We tried:   - Bavarian Pretzel: I think I actually prefer this pretzel to the traditional Philly pretzel (blasphemy, I know). These are served warm, crunchy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside. Smaller pretzels are available at the walk-up counter (with the option of cheese sauce) and larger steering-wheel sized ones are peddled by servers walking around with baskets. - Fries: Shoe-string fries with curry ketchup; they are definitely not stingy with the salt on these, which would bother me normally, but the salt was actually quite welcome with such great quantities of beer. - Spaetzle with Bacon: Cheesy pillows of goodness are going to be delicious no matter what - you can't really mess spaetzle up. - Sausage and Sauerkraut: Pretty average wurst in size and taste, and the sauerkraut was slightly mealy - Mustard: it's free and self-dispensable from an island in the middle of the courtyard, but I have to mention it because it was such a nice accompaniment to the fries and pretzel. One type is a pretty standard Grey Poupon and the other is a smooth mustard that has a big kick to it, similar to wasabi. Note: If you come, you had better be comfortable with a bro scene. If the clientele around us was any indicator, the two ping pong tables located in the courtyard will soon evolve (or devolve, depending on your perspective) into beer pong tables.
