If I could give a zero star rating, I would.   Here is a little background. We've been in Burlington for 14 years and have frequented the India House maybe 6 or 8 times.  It has been decent but I still have a hard time paying tons of cash for the kind of stuff I got at home every night as a kid.  As a way to make sure I was getting the best value, I tried Shalimar to see if it would become the 'goto' Indian restaurant - our last experience was close to 8 years ago so I figured they must have got something right to last this long.  Besides, the Yelp reviews largely favored Shalimar so I thought it 'why not?'. Boy was I sorry I made the trip downtown for this.  This was, quite possibly, the worst Indian food I have ever had.  Here is a rundown of what I ordered for my family of 4 and a description of each.  Having ordered 4 menu items, I'd expect to find the 'one' they got right but I did not. Naan Flat, no puff, drenched in oil (?!?!?!).  Explain that !  This was very clearly a naan that you would see in the freezer section of a grocery store, buy, bring home, try and vow never to have again.  It was a flat, oily, gray pieces of toughness. In my world, naan should have puff, soft chewiness and a little dryness so that it can soak up some gravy.  Additionally, it should  have some nice little spots of burn that adds flavor (and character).  India House wins. Lamb Vindaloo I've made this before and as a spicy food fanatic, it is labor of love.   Nobody in this restaurant love this dish.  They took what appeared to be baked pieces of lamb (of decent tenderness) and potato and dumped in a jar af vindaloo sauce and made off with my 12 bucks.  The gravy was red, no flavor, depth, character or anything.  The India House, on the other hand, has always done a nice vindaloo.  Again, India House wins. Matter Paneer This is not even worth writing about - that bad.  Don't EVER order this abomination.  Again, no flavor, only 2 small pieces of paneer and what's worse, the sauce looked like a bowl of chicken fat that had been left in a pan all night.  Again, explain that !  India House does a better one ... but not great.   Chicken Tikka Masala Chicken was tender.  Some hints of smoke flavor (a good thing) and creamy sauce.  Not enough depth, pieces of chicken were small. If you are craving the wonderfully smooth feel of masala, this might get you by in a pinch..so long as you are not looking for tons of flavor.  I think both India House and Shalimar tie on this one....nothing to write home about.  In fact, you're better off making this at home. So I sit here annoyed that I dropped $41.05 on what was a terrible meal.  At least I have now confirmed that the restaurant up the hill does a better job at Vindaloo and matter paneer.  So if I do decide to drop 40 bucks on Indian in Chittenden County, I will be going to India House. By the way, I walked in at 6:45 to pick up my food. There were a dozen or so tables with exactly 1 person seated and eating.  For all I knew it was an employee getting a free meal.  That was a sign, I should have never walked in. I am beginning to realize that good Indian is in Boston and NYC. Thanks for reading - hope this helps.
