Arrived at The Grocery on a Wednesday evening around 6:15. After reading all the reviews about how you should be sure to make a reservation, I was rather surprised to find the place empty save for one table of four. However by the time I left at 7:30, The Grocery was full save for two tables reserved for groups coming in later that evening. Many parties who arrived while I was there indeed had reservations, but they were also able to seat 3 or 4 small walk-in parties with no trouble. A note on the decor - there isn't any. The restaurant is one very small room, probably seats 30 or so, in slightly tight quarters. I wouldn't even say it was sparsely decorated - more like not decorated at all. The focus here is obviously on the food and on the service - the latter of which, by the way, was fantastic. This place is clearly very systematic in their approach toward service, and as a result they don't drop the ball on anything. I would describe the flow of the restaurant and the tone from the veteran employees/chefs as the complete opposite of going to a brand new restaurant - everything from the kitchen to the dining area runs perfectly smoothly. The wine list was lovely and I found the staff to be very knowledgeable about their offerings. I was given samples of two different wines by the glass and ended up thrilled with my choice. I decided to order 2 small plates, which both happened to be specials that evening. But before they were served, I was given an amuse bouche directly from one of the two chefs - a taste of parsnip soup (delicious - and seasoned perfectly) and two potato balls (good - nothing out of this world). I was also given a generous basket of fresh, warm bread with butter - solid. The first course I ordered was an olive oil-poached tuna salad - chunks of flavorful fish tossed with finely chopped broccoli, radishes, salsify, little bit of red onion I think, and lots of parsley. I think there was lemon juice in the dressing. Very tasty, fresh, and really packed a punch in terms of flavor, without being heavy. Well done. The only criticism would be that the salsify was a little undercooked (couldn't cut it easily with a fork) and - the pieces of salsify were really quite large compared to everything else - hence me trying to cut them in half whereas I didn't need to do that with any of the other ingredients. Between courses, the second of the two chefs brought me a small sample plate of their house smoked salmon, since he felt I had waited too long for my first course to come out - very much appreciated. Now, I am actually not a big fan of smoked salmon - I would never order it on my own - but I would absolutely have it again at The Grocery. Totally different level than any I'd tried before. Marvelous. The second course was duck confit risotto with cremini mushrooms and butternut squash. I was really excited about this when the server told me about the specials, but to be honest it fell fairly flat. Maybe because my expectations were too high, I'm not sure. The risotto itself was fine, but certainly nothing special, the duck was fine but not nearly the best I've had, and the squash and other root vegetables were undercooked - just like the salsify in my first dish. Overall the dish was not bad by any means, I just would not order it again and think it was a good idea but could have been better much executed. After eating, I was absolutely stuffed, but one of the chefs offered a gratis dessert, a couple small pistachio biscotti and a variety of housemade sorbets, garnished with a sliced red grape and some pomegranate seeds. This was an absolutely lovely ending to the meal, refreshing and delicious. One final note, after all was said and done, I was shocked at how little my bill was. I felt like I'd eaten essentially 5 courses, plus bread, and ended up paying less than $60 including wine, tax, and tip. Fantastic value.
