In April of this year -- we so wanted to do this pizza tour, but unfortunately there was not a tour available on the days we were in the city. For this trip -- that is the first thing I asked my husband to do -- please get tickets for one of Scott's tours. We were lucky enough to buy tickets for the Greenwich Village Pizza Walk, but first let me give you a hint of the other tours that are available.... - On Sundays only -- NYC Pizza Bus -- visit four different pizzerias all via a yellow school bus. Starts in Manhattan but changes weekly, but you could visit Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn. 4 1/2 hours of pizza history while tasting it along the way. - Crosstown Pizza Walk --  2 1/2 to 3 hours of bliss - walking to the most significant pizzerias in NYC. This is walk focuses on the historical aspects of pizza in Little Italy and Greenwich Village. Walking distance less than a mile. Comfortable shoes are obviously a necessity. - Lower East Side Pizza Walk -- Visit one of NYC's oldest and most pizza populated neighborhood in the world. Experience three different pizzerias all the while learning about the history of pizza development. Spend time with the owners and pizza makers of these establishments. 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Walk less than a mile, but wear comfortable shoes. - Private Tours -- If you are looking for a more "personal" experience without the crowds. Contact Scott via his website for more information and pricing. scottspizzatours.com - Private Events -- just a sampling: Pizza Party on Wheels, Deluxe Pizza Party on Wheels, Hop On Bus Tours, Manhattan Pizza Walk, No Limits Pizza Quest, and Specialty Pizza Safari. To get more information peruse the website for thorough description and pricing. scottspizzatours.com/pri… And lastly, the tour we experienced ... - Greenwich Village Pizza Walk -- We lucked out! On July 31st, it was a gorgeous day in the city. Amazing day to be outside and taking in the sights. We approached our destination of 271 Bleecker Street (little did we know this is the home of Keste Pizza and Vino). Upon arrival we were greeted by one of the most gregarious and affable person I have ever met. The one and only Scott Wiener the owner of "Scott's Pizza Tours". His knowledge, enthusiasm and experience with pizza completely blew our mind. This is someone who literally sleeps, eats, drinks and lives pizza. If there was a PhD offered in Pizza -- Scott would have attained it years ago. We visited three different pizzerias in the Village. First stop Keste Pizza and Vino (I will also be adding a review just to discuss Keste Pizza). This was such a phenomenal experience. We actually all huddled in the kitchen at Keste to learn about the wood burning oven -- Scott goes into great detail in depth about the origin/history of the wood burning oven and the scientific aspects. (I had no clue that there was that much information available about the history of pizza with the different ovens, recipes, dough, etc. It blew our minds).   We then all sat in the dining room next to the kitchen in order to watch the pizzaioli make our pie. One word -- FANTASTIC. One of the most delicious slices I have ever eaten. The crust was thin and snapped when bitten into, the sauce made out of delicious tomatoes (sorry - cannot remember the type of tomato), and homemade mozzarella (Keste makes their own mozzarella). Our next stop -- we headed down Bleecker Street to Fiore's Pizza (look for a separate review). Not a very big place (No A/C), but the pizza was pretty tasty and it is named after a NYC Firefighter that perished in 9/11 ...he always dreamed of owning his own pizzeria. The pizza here is super good and the sauce has a delicious sweetness to it. Last on the tour, we headed to Famous Ben's Pizza on Spring St. This place was so crowded we could not sit inside. We sat next door in a park that has a few picnic tables. The slices here were the thick crusted Sicilian. I was too full to eat my slice, but my husband said it was delicious. The crust was thick -- sauce was perfect with just the right amount of cheese. I cannot say enough good things about Scott's Pizza Tours. This tour is supposed to be 2 to 3 hours long, however Scott went way over time. The only reason he finally ended the tour was because he has a meeting in Brooklyn that afternoon otherwise he would have spent even more time with us. Scott, thanks again for such a memorable experience. Our offer still stands -- if you ever want to get away and visit Florida you have a place to stay in Tampa.
