Let me count the ways this place is a disaster. 1. Hostess - We were told 1 hour. One hour passed. Then we were told another.  Then about 1.5 hours later, we got a call. By then we had luckily found some friends and managed to squeeze into their table as two in their group left. The wait estimates were terrible, and meanwhile there were about 5 tables open upstairs. We were told they were short on staff, and couldn't seat too many people up there. 2. Waitress - Not trained, not briefed. I know this is really the management's fault, but if she wasn't sure about something, she should have asked. I tried to order some beer on tap. She told me that beer on tap was only available from the bar, and that she could only serve us beer in bottles. Two hours later, after several miserable trips to the bar (getting to that), she told us she was wrong, and she could serve us draft beer. That would have been great if she could have ever managed to even bring us our beer order. Thirty-plus minutes after we placed a beer order with her? Nothing. She blamed it on other mysterious people, "Oh, they didn't bring it to you?" We never got the beer. Then the food. After waiting about an hour she told us the kitchen had no record of it. Not sure if this is from the POS having problems, or operator error. She assured us she would put a rush on our food, and that it would be 10-15 minutes tops. Thirty went by. Then finally, food. It was actually good. That's what the 1 star is for. One other thing I'll note about our waitress, she was super apologetic, offered some free drinks, but then never made it happen. 2. Bar - So many bartenders, so much standing around with their backs turned. One POS for the whole bar. It was a train wreck. Average wait time to get a bartender's attention, even if someone wasn't in front of you was 10-15 minutes. Then another 5+ for the drinks as they ran around and did 4 other things before making the drinks. Then another 5+ for change because there was one POS. At this point, you should just say, this round is on me. 3. Kitchen - No clue what was going on in there. After multiple occasions of food orders "not being in the system," they should have just switched to paper tickets. Again, this is a management problem, mostly, but I will say I was happy with my food. The fried shrimp were good. 4. Management - No where to be found. I mean, when things are this bad, just start handing out beer to those waiting, offer SOMETHING for people waiting 2 hours for a seat, then 2 more hours for food or drinks. Beer is cheap and worth the investment in customer retention. I'm surprised there was no soft launch. Or maybe there was, but it's all too clear that opening weekend was an absolute train wreck. I can't say that I'll be back. I love the idea of what it's supposed to be (the views are incredible), and I was fine w/ the mini golf not being set up yet, but there were too many problems that could have been addressed with proper management. Someone get the Restaurant Impossible guy in here STAT.
