I came here for a bday dinner and I was amazed by their service because it was crowded and they were able to serve us fast. My water was refilled so often and the food was not a long wait. The style of the employees outfits contributed to the theme of the restaurant. Loved it! There was so much food I wanted to try so I ordered: Appetizers: Corn Spring Roll- Served 4 with sauce. I didn't taste corn... Besides the corn, it was a normal spring roll. The sauce was on the bottom so I had to take out all the spring rolls to get the sauce on. No wow factor. Green Dumplings- Served~6 with black bean mushroom sauce. The sauce sounds great but the taste of it wasn't strong. Green dumplings = veggies and green skin. Boiled and normal. Nothing fab but if you never had green dumplings, order it! You would like it. Avocado Summer Roll- Served ~8 with peanut sauce. What could go wrong? Besides the skin hardening which means its not fresh. But it was great and you Must order! Presentation for this dish is a plus.   Sesame Tofu- For this dish imagine breadcrumbs. The different color sesame was like breadcrumbs covering the tofu. This dish was not to my taste. Soups: Lemon Grass Soup- Pretty good. Better than I expected. I was told it normally has no taste, but this one did! I tasted lime and a hint of spice. Must try! Galangal Coconut Milk Soup-Sigh, what did I expect? The name did say coconut milk soup. It was literally coconut milk warmed up with some mushrooms. Dislike. Salads: Thai Salad- MUST ORDER! I loved the way they served it. The bowl was perfect for this salad. Crispy fresh veggies with tofu, tomatoes, cucumber, onions and bean sprouts. The amount of peanut dressing was just right! WOW factor. Green Papaya Salad- YUMMY! Also must order. So to me, this was the perfect amount of spice. I always order papaya salad, and this one is probably the best I had so far. My tongue was not screaming for water. Additionally, it was the perfect size for me, but I don't recommend this to be an entree because you will not get full. Realize I ordered a LOT here. Entree: Panang Curry with Imitation duck, tofu, and veggies- it doesn't come with rice. I always feel like curry dishes mixes with rice, so I had this with brown rice. The coconut milk overpower the taste of curry so I wasn't so fond of this dish either. Dessert: Kaffir Lime Pie- very sweet! I'm not a fan of desserts that are so sweet. So this was a negative. **They charge $1.50 per person if you bring in your own cake.   Overall- Not bad Thai food from the city and the prices are reasonable.
