Wow! We went back for dinner this Saturday night. We were greeted warmly again by Paige and the rest of the lovely staff. First of all, the man sitting at the table next to us was the biggest nightmare of a customer - asked for "plain food instead of all this fancy stuff". The waiter assured him that he'd speak with the kitchen and come up with something he'd enjoy. Then the man canceled his date's order because he thought she had run out on him (she was outside on the phone, probably complaining about what a nut he was). When she came back, he had to re-order her food, and even though this was totally all the customer's fault, the waiter brought out a plate of deviled eggs and said, "with the chef's compliments, since the re-order will take a moment for us to get out to you" and the man said "yeah, well, i don't eat deviled eggs." OMG! STILL, instead of getting any kind of attitude, the waiter kindly brought out a basket of bread for him to munch on. This man complained about EVERYTHING and the waiter was a pure gold saint. Bravo to his patience! I would have poured a drink in his lap. Now, as for our meal, it was perfection. Started with the oysters again which are really not to be missed. We had the lamb belly for an app and we could not get over how scrumptious it was. Pea soup with fried milk and frog's legs? You betcha. Super fresh, like spring in a bowl. Our entrees were the suckling pig and the halibut, and we were glad we chose those two because the pig was SO decadent and the fish was nice and light. They balanced each other well since we shared them. This place has quickly become our favorite spot in the neighborhood. We've told everyone about it so get here soon before it becomes so popular you can't get in! Great food and great service is all I ever ask for. It doesn't sound that difficult but it is - difficult to find AND difficult to execute. I really applaud Prospect for doing it well and making it look easy. My boyfriend woke up on Sunday with a gleam in his eye and said..."So, can we go to Prospect for brunch today?"
