I'm not the person to nitpick and complain about things and for the most part I'd say I'm a very easy person to please, especially when it comes to Sushi. I love all sushi. With that said, Sakura Garden is probably the only sushi establishment I strongly, STRONGLY dislike. Being from Los Angeles, I'd like to say I know a thing or two about good sushi and especially good service. But every single time I have visited Sakura, whether it be for take out, or dine in, I've had terrible experiences. The hostess is always nasty from the get go and she sets the standard for the rest of the dining experience, which isn't high at all. Then there's the slow, extremely, deathly slow service... what more can I say? It's just slow. But what about the food? After all, the food is the most critical part of any restaurant. Well, it's not to my surprise that the sushi here was just all around bad. The sashimi was sliced so thin that I could read a newspaper through it, no wonder you can order a sashimi dinner for one with 15 pieces for only $20. 15 thinly sliced sashimi equals 5 very thick  and fresh cut sashimi from the sushi spot in the Whole Foods across the street. The sushi rolls are practically inedible due to the fact that they're so overly stuffed that it falls to pieces before reaching your mouth (and before a smart aleck comments... I know how to use chopsticks, I am asian after all). Good sushi rolls shouldn't be about how much stuff can be piled into a roll, it shouldn't be about so much spicy mayo that all you taste is the sauce, and it shouldn't be about frying anything and everything. It should be about the fish. The fish, the crab, the lobster, should always be center stage and shouldn't ever hide in the shadows of the etcetera.   It's sad because Sakura Garden is the only other sushi place in Glastonbury besides the sushi spot in Whole Foods. I never thought i'd say this but, i'd gladly take market sushi from Whole Foods than ever step foot inside this establishment again.
