i am not joking when i say this is where all truly great night-outs end. i seriously cannot imagine a better way to bring a night out on the town to a close by visiting this street cart. but to be entirely fair, C&R (as it is known to its fans) doesn't require a night our partying for it to be delicious - it is perfectly incredible in and of itself, whether you decide to have it for dinner or some post partying replenishment. the lines are LONG but totally worth the wait! c&r is so good, i'm pretty sure they have one of these carts in heaven. it's the kind of food that you get intense cravings for - not the cravings that pass after a few hours/days, but the type of craving that lasts until it's fulfilled. there are really only two things you should be ordering here: (1) chicken/lamb combo and rice or (2) chicken and rice. in my experience, getting the purely lamb platter has been too salty while the chicken is less so and can balance it out. once the men in the yellow hand over your food in that all too familiar shiny take out tray, you're ready for the most important party - the adding of the sauce. the white sauce is MAGICAL. sure, many have ventured a guess as to what goes in the white sauce, but no one knows for sure.... all we know is that it is AMAZING. so amazing that if i could bold and italicize it, i would. don't ask questions, just squirt a generous amount onto the meat and be thankful for its very existence. next comes the hot sauce. personally, i LOVE spice and i pour the red sauce on, but BE FOREWARNED that this hot sauce is HOT. i am talking about the still burns 5 minutes after you taste it directly on your tongue to the point where it feels like your tongue may or may not be sweating kind of hot. however, for the remaining taste buds not burned off by the hot sauce, it is a party in your mouth. IF YOU HAVEN'T TRIED IT ALREADY, GO TRY IT!!!! :) ***SIDE STORY: There was this one Saturday night at 3am when I went there with a few friends. The platter had just been handed to me and I was turning around to get some sauce when it slipped out of my hand and fell entirely all over the back and side of one of the beloved men in yellow. I actually thought he'd be furious at me for basically throwing my food at him and making a mess (think also, probability of swarming pigeons), but he was really nice about it and told me it was fine and even handed me a brand new plate without charging for it!!! to top it all off, he even SMILED at me (although, this probably would not have happened if i was a guy). so in sum, not only is the food awesome, but the guys who run it are awesome too!
