I had a fair dining experience at Pig and Prince in Montclair in 08/18/2013 which is reviewed here on my page. I gave them a chance at redemption on 01-16-14. They again failed in many areas. The interior and atmosphere is appealing. The high arched ceiling of an old transformed train station is a great back drop. However, I think it's time to take the Christmas decorations down from the chandeliers in the center of the restaurant. This is a distraction in a fine dining room at the end of January. Our server was a Slavic woman who introduced herself. Her voice was so meek and her accent so thick I couldn't understand nor hear her. She was not attentive. I needed to ask for bread and for my water glass to be refilled. They have a clever specialty cocktail menu. I had a Guillotine which was Cognac, Blood Orange, bitters and shaved clove for $10.00. It was very sweet. I didn't mind but what was disconcerting was either the bartender didn't mix the quantities properly or they have a glass which is too large for the drink. I don't think the drink should be up to the rim but a glass ¾ full just seems like you are being cheated on your portion. Onto to the appetizers or Starters/Shares as they call it. This was a BIG FAIL last time and still is this time around. I perused the menu online the day of my visit. The printed menu again is different from the website menu. I asked the server why three of the appetizers; The Pork Belly, Beet Root and Fennel Salad were not on the menu when I just saw it on the website. And she had no good answer except to say they make changes. I mentioned that this is a big letdown. I stated that if they can change a printed menu the very least they can do is change the website to match. I had to make an alternate selection this time choosing the Herbed Quinoa shrimp/cucumber/avocado/jalapeno/curry oil/radish for $12.00 Sounds great, right?  1 tablespoon of bland, unseasoned quinoa was a bed to an even more tasteless dish. There were 3 grilled shrimp w/something green on them. The cucumber and/or radish were indiscernible and the size of a pea. If they were part of the meal and not a garnish, then they shouldn't be plated them 4 inches away from the shrimp and on top of slivers of jalapenos. I chose the special of Gnocchi w/ a lamb ragout. The gnocchi's were exquisite. They were as light as pillows.  A ragout is a stew w/ meat and vegetables. This was nothing but a meat sauce...and about 8 oz of Gnocchi's in a well of a dish the size of a steering wheel. But, I suppose you need to call it a ragout to charge $28.00 for it.  I was never offered grated cheese as my server also never asked how my meal was at any time during my stay. I then chose the "Take it in the Jar" Your choice of three dessert tastings for $6.00 each or three for $15.00. She didn't even try to up sell one more dessert for $3.00 I chose the Candied Yam Brulee and maple biscotti and the Lemon Curd/Graham Cracker/Marshmallow. The Candied Yam Brulee was awesome. The Lemon Curd was so tart it made me salivate and the insides of my cheeks pinch. I didn't even notice if there was marshmallow. The graham cracker crust was the most ill prepared crust I've ever had in my life. It was as hard as a rock. I had to bang the end of my knife in it just to crack it. How on earth did a pastry chef make a graham cracker crust to become so hard you couldn't eat it? Is it just me or doesn't a graham cracker crust get a bit moister once a softer/wetter filling is put on top of it? AWFUL way to end a meal. While the interior is inviting it isn't enough to make up for the inconsistencies in the menu, the shoddy service and poorly defined and/or executed food and drink.
