5 stars on the food + 5 stars on the service. I have no qualms about that. My man and I were there for lunch and our server Syed deserves the award for server of the year at Bouley. He was extremely attentive, friendly, and yet professional. We chatted and when he found out we were from Chicago, he must have told the kitchen about it because lo and behold, we received 3 complimentary courses in addition to our 5-course tasting menu for lunch. Man, were we stuffed but the food was excellently executed and delicate that we were extremely grateful for Bouley's generosity. Sometimes when going for a multiple course meal, not every dish might be executed as well as the others but it wasn't the case during our experience at Bouley. Syed also saw that we had our camera with us and suggested that he help us take a picture, once before lunch and once again after lunch. For the shot before lunch, he was trying to help us get the perfect shot from the perfect angle. When the kitchen staff arrived at the table with our amuse bouche, Syed told the kitchen staff "Hold on, I'm trying to take a picture", and to which the kitchen staff just stood there while holding our plates and waiting for Syed to perfect his photographic shot of my husband and I. It was quite hilarious especially when the kitchen staff joked about Syed, "He thinks he's a good photographer but he's not". We ordered wine and the French sommelier (yes, with an authentic French accent) was extremely helpful in articulating the wine recommendations based on our preference for the types of wines. I was deciding between the French Chardonnay and German Riesling and finally decided on the Chardonnay but the sommelier still very kindly let me taste the Riesling when he brought out my Chardonnay. Come April 2012, it will mark Syed's 10-year employment at Bouley. I think this is a reflection of Bouley as a very well-run place since in the service industry, it is very common to have a high turn over rate of staff. As we got up from our table, Syed even walked us out to the entrance and told us about the ancient ceiling and door fixtures used at Bouley. The very old wooden door leading to the dining room was brought in from Paris, we were told. Bouley is deserving of it's 1 Michelin Star that's for sure. Their 5-course lunch menu for $55 (weekdays + weekends) is a very good deal that no one should miss!
