I very rarely write reviews of any place.  I'm sure that renders me a terrible Yelp! user, but our experience was thoroughly terrible (food-wise) that I felt compelled to emerge from the user-shadows and finally contribute. As far as the non-food elements are concerned, the ambiance was a bit cacophonous and ridiculous, from the decor to the music (uh, Britney Spears blasting underneath a Buddha statue?), none of which made any sense whatsoever, though I must say the service was very friendly and attentive. The food.  I'm not sure where or how to begin.  I'll start by saying - I'm sure thankful that this restaurant is a small-plates concept, as it enabled my friend and I to leave once we realized the food was only getting decreasingly imaginative and increasingly terrible. We started with the "green mango" paneer.  What a concept! How exactly is that executed? Sliced, spiced green mango served with paneer? Something skewered? Something tangy and somewhat crisp balanced by the softness of paneer?   No. The "green mango" paneer was lightly cooked paneer in....mango pickle.  As in Patak's-that's-been-on-the-shelf-too-long, regular old "aam ka aachar" that would grace the most rudimentary of all north Indian meals.  We were so shocked about how stale and terrible the pickle was that we actually had to laugh out loud that the chef was under the impression that anyone could be duped by the name of the dish.   Ok, so you order one of the smallest plates and it turns out to be terrible, but you figure considering how innovative the other dishes look, there's no way they could be as disappointing. So next we tried the "chili pork dumpling with grapefruit confit."  First of all, what the hell is grapefruit confit? Whatever it is, it was absolutely nowhere to be found.  What instead we got were steamed Chinese-takeout mostly-dough dumplings with unidentifiable meat and not even a trace of chili.   Loosely sprinkled on this dumplings were what in South Asia we call "sev," which are basically just tiny pieces of fried (and dried) gram flour.   We didn't even know how to react to the sev, it was so ridiculous. Halfway into our first bites of the dumplings, which were, I suppose, edible, we decided to decamp for the small plates Taralluci e Vino down the block, which ended up being excellent. Suffice to say, I'm never eating at a Jahangir Mehta restaurant again.  Avoid at all costs.
