Went last night (Saturday March 7). 5:45pm reservation. My daughter was at a friends, so we had the open early time slot. My wife made the reservation the night before. (Funny Salt Creek Grille didn't have anything open at that time. Personally, I would eat at Ruth's Chris over Salt Creek anytime.) I've been to Ruth's Chris in NYC, Palm Springs, Scottsdale(?), and Philly so I am familiar with the concept and the execution. We drove down and parked nearby rather than do the Complimentary valet parking. The 1 minute walk to the restaurant in 60 degree weather was not an issue. Ruth's Chris built this restaurant on the site. From the outside it looks a bit like a converted bank. I found the inside decor handsome/appealing and pretty much what I expected. The bar area had some interesting lighting. We were seated right away. We were seated on the bistro type seats on the left when you first enter the dining room. There is a bench on the wall and tables for 2 and 4. The other diners are fairly close by - but not uncomfortably so. One thing I found a little disconcerting - some of the younger folks there were in T-Shirts and Jeans. The older couple (seated on my right) were wearing jeans and looking a little disheveled. I had on 'the uniform' - khaki's, blue dress shirt, blue blazer. We were seated then greeted by a server offering either sparkling or bottled water - which I believe was an upsell over the tap water. I just went for the bottled but I wasn't here to cheap out. Our server was phenomenal. Best service I've had this year. Ordered the B&V Reserve Tapestry Vintage 2005 "For Ruth's Chris" version which was quite good and value priced at $50. Their wine list is both extensive and tends toward the expensive. They provided good bread on the table. For an appetizer, I got the Wedge of Lettuce salad (my server mentioned it was really for 2) but I wanted it. Comes with Bacon and Blue Cheese crumbles. I took half home for lunch today. My wife had the Tomato and Mozzarella cheese appetizer. Both were excellent. My dinner was a perfectly cooked petite filet, with creamed spinach and potatoes lyonnaise. My wife had the veal chop with the two types of peppers. Everything here was flawless. Perfect timing - perfect execution. Dessert was berries with a custard/creme which was very nice, and I had a Grand Marnier to finish the night. Price? with a $50 bottle of wine and everything, $200 - left a $40 tip. They are sensitive to the economy, do check their value priced menu with appetizer, entree, and dessert, its on the inside of the left cover of the menu. Our waiter explained that option so I was pleased with that. Bring the kids? Maybe - If you have a well behaved 10 year old who can "hang" for a high end paced dinner service  - yes. Otherwise, consider your fellow diners. In summary, a really nice high end night out - not "trendy" - or the latest hot new place, but excellent food and service for the price point.
