As a New Yorker, Philly is often our "long weekend" destination.  The Continental is typically our "first meal in town" spot. The food is outstanding--great variety, well made, fresh. The atmosphere in the evening is lively--like you stepped into a great party. At night the place is always packed and loud. We're a mixed couple: SK is a carnivore, I'm a vegetarian. Continental satisfies my desire to find more than a garden salad on the menu...and her desire to eat meat. Even with her meaty tendencies, SK loves sharing my vegetarian dishes.  Most of the time we have a great experience (which is why this place is on our must hit list) but our last visit exposed some chinks in the armor. The Continental has an upscale mid-century vibe--but very casual. Booths on the first floor look like bench seats in a 50's era Lincoln Continental. Upstairs the booths are more traditional and swanky. And then there are the swinging cage-like basket chairs... Sexy lighting at night and pumping music rounds out the space. They only take reservations for large groups. Probably the one down side are the hostesses, who are a bevy of usually cute, barely legal girls huddled at the host station. They always seem  disinterested in the arriving guests, and almost annoyed that you are interrupting their snickerfest as they whisper and comment on everyone at each table. The restaurant offers sidewalk seating during warm weather--just a few tables. We sat outside to enjoy the evening air, hear each other talk, and people watch. It seems they are not quite equipped to handle the three or four tables on the street. Our waitress was friendly and attentive at first--drinks arrived fast. We placed our food order and then...the sound of crickets. While two other outside tables were tended to by another waiter, we sat. And sat.  And sat. Our food finally came out. The mushroom flatbread--hot, savory and awesome--but noticeably smaller than when we were in town a couple of months earlier. And the Black Quinoa Tabbouleh Salad. Crazy good! Black quinoa, chopped spinach, feta, tomato & olives tossed in lemon vinaigrette,  We asked the runner for a couple of small plates because we were sharing. "Sure!" He was gone... Crickets. Finally flagging down someone else we again asked for plates--"Oh, and can I have another glass of wine please?" SK asked.  Guy #4 (I'm losing count), who we later found out was the manager, brought out the plates. While finishing our appetizers and waiting for the wine, I bit down on something hard in the Quinoa Tabbouleh salad. There are no hard ingredients in this salad. It was a chipped piece of a plate. None of our plates were chipped so it came from the kitchen. Our waitress finally reappeared and we asked if we could speak to a manager. Guy #4 (the manager) shows up. He appeared sort of stunned and a bit overwhelmed. He awkwardly and honestly apologizes, which we accepted. Then he looks at me and says, "You still seem upset?" Dude--I just crunched down on a sharp piece of porcelain the size of a dime. I'm a little...um...unhappy. Now, I will say this: he and our waitress did the right thing. Yes, he was awkward and could use some training on how to better deal with this kind of situation; and our waitress apologized profusely for the not-great-service--and the chunk of plate. The manager comped our entire meal--which we didn't ask for or expect. About the rest of the meal: it was delicious--and ceramic-free. SK ordered a special  involving fish (sorry, I normally pay attention but this time I was distracted) and she said it was great. There were many, "Mmmmm" sounds and "perfect!" coming from her side of the table. I had the spinach ravioli which features a handmade transparent pasta and a savory, light spinach filling with an aromatic basil tomato sauce. And because it was so good we ordered another mushroom flatbread which seems to have truffle oil on it, but it's portabella, shiitake & caramelized shallots. Yum-STERS. We ordered a few more drinks and insisted they charge us for them and tipped our waitress on what we would have been charged for the whole meal. Because we didn't trip-out, everyone left feeling pretty ok and that's good. We'll be back. The food is good, a potentially bad situation was handled well and we had a story to remember. Next time we order the Black Quinoa, I may just think about sifting it before we eat it.
