Ilili was another restaurant on my bucket list of new restaurants to try and during my weekend in the city I made it a point to get in here on a Saturday night. I love the way this place is decorated, lots of wood, glass, rich linens and those cool hanging light bulbs.  Very nicely done, but as I've said before, I'm here for the food!  We got in a little early and the hostess was very pleasant and told us they were clearing a table and it would just be a moment. right after We got there there was a larger party in the lounge area that were obnoxiously pestering her about being seated. I don't believe they had a reservation and even if they did their party wasn't complete and unless this is your first time at a restaurant you know they generally don't seat you. My advice, don't be obnoxious with the hostess, do it to your late ass friends. LOL  The hostess was a pro and handled it with class. Once we were seated out waiter (Ryan, I think) was great. He welcomed us to Ilili and we chatted about how we'd dine that evening (Apps galore) and he answered some questions about the drinks. My GF got the Phoenicican lemonade  which was not too sweet, just perfect, kind of like a Mojito. For the life of me I can't remember the name of my drink but it did have a mixture of whiskey and arak that had a hint of liquorice and was nice and strong.  Now on to the food. In my ever changing review style I'm going to list what we had and what I thought (they're all apps and I was ordering with my eyes so no no judging! Capiche?) The pita they brought out first was delicious, nice and warm and fluffy. Arnabeet Mekle.  A roasted cauliflower that had a spicy cream sauce that wasn't to over powering. a little minty a little lemony and a little spicy. Such an awesome  combo of flavors that would prove to be the theme of this place. Tuna belly.  Sauteed I think and served with wonderful radishes and beets (my nemesis) and a light avocado puree. Perfectly balanced and the tuna was very fresh. Grilled Octopus.  I usually get this with only olive oil and S&P which I love. This was equally delicious.  Accented with cauliflower pine nuts and a hint of fennel. The octopus might have been steamed because it didn't have any char marks on it ,but delicious none the less. Duck Shawarma.  A duck ice cream cone for adults. Beautifully grilled duck and chicken with sweet fig, spicy garlic and green onion.  This one did not last long  on my plate. Bone Marrrow.  Roasted to perfection to bring out the natural juices and flavor. The little pita pockets were the vessels which would deliver the creaminess of the marrow, the tartness of the cherry tabbouleh and the slight sweetness of the labneh made this one of my faves.   Kafta.  This was my least favorite (It was not my pick ;) ) Nice sauce on the side but the texture of the beef mixture itself was not to my liking. And my absolute favorite was the Katayef and Veal Bacon. I didn't even know there was veal bacon. Why was it withheld from me for all these years?  The dish was so complex, the sweetness of the figs, the sour pickles, the hot peppers and the smokiness of the bacon all tucked away in a light and fluffy pancake. I could not get enough of this. Seriously, I'd burn down cities to get to this stuff. You need to order this when you go. I had a great time and wonderful flavor experience at Ilili. I found everyone there to be pleasant and knowledgeable and service was top notch. I am a huge fan and will be back to dive into some more treats from their extensive menu. Now, how to get some Katayef and Veal Bacon delivered to my job :)
