I dined at Pacifico this past Wednesday with my girlfriend and four of her friends. If you don't care to read my entire review, I've rated several areas of my experience immediately below. Scroll down for the entire review. SERVICE: Ambiance: 9/10 (no issues) Host: 7/10 Waitress: 4/10 FOOD: Preparation: 7/10 Flavor: 7/10 Value: 5/10 To start off, I was part of a six member group with prior reservations. I arrived 10 minutes early and asked the hostess if she had our table ready. She told me that we would not be seated until exactly the time of our reservation. This was fine with me, but left me standing awkwardly at the hostess stand. I asked her if I could take a seat at the bar while I waited, to which she replied, "yes". It would have been more thoughtful if she had made such an offer without my prompting. Once our group arrived, we waited until the exact time of our reservation and were then escorted upstairs to a table which sat six. Our waitress took our drink orders and gave us our menus. She came back within a reasonable amount time to take our orders, however this is where the quality service stopped. Our appetizers came out on time, but our waters were never filled. After the appetizers were taken away, we waited some time for the main course to come. The main course came, but our waitress was not the one to deliver it. Our waitress failed to come back to the table to check water/ask if we needed anything additional. I immediately made a correlation between the "Parties of six or more automatically add 18% gratuity" and our waitress's lack of attention. In fact, I don't recall seeing her a single time between getting our appetizers cleared and receiving our desserts. I must add though, she was quick to bring the bill during dessert. The food was acceptable, but nothing spectacular. I ordered a duck quesadilla appetizer which honestly tasted like shredded and barbecued pork. For the main course, I ordered Churrasco a la Parrilla, which has a description of "grilled skirt steak served with sweet plantains and lobster chino-latino stir-fried rice, with a saffron-mojito sauce". On the plate, it was a strip of steak with a side of rather dry rice. Inside the rice, I found a couple pieces of lobster and a few bits of plantains. The flavor was clearly not worth the $35 price tag. The rice was dry, the lobster not juicy, and overall, rather bleak. For dessert, I ordered Tres-Leche cake. This Tres-Leche cake was more like a cupcake of pound cake with some drizzle on top. It was not particularly moist and wet as true Tres-Leche cake should be. Dinner for myself and my girlfriend was $104 after tax and the 18% gratuity, granted, we each ordered one drink. However, for food like this, I would be hesitant to even pay half that. This establishment appears to be fancy, describes menu items in a fancy way and charges fancy prices, but fails to deliver food consistent with expectation I had.
