Being the slave that I am to the annual San Pellegrino Top 50 Restaurants In The World list that gets published each spring, I had to get my foodie feet down to David Chang's Pan-Fusion mecca immediately when I saw it popped up as #31 on the 2009 survey. I'm not gonna say that this restaurant was busy, but it took a solo diner (me) to wait 45 minutes for one seat to open up at the long communal table; and it was very much worth the wait. The hostess took my name and was kind enough to ask me if I wanted a drink while I stood waiting. So I was in the mood for a beer on this unseasonably warm April Friday night. I ordered the classic San Francisco Anchor Steam. It had a deep amber color, thick creamy head and was exactly what I needed. There was a funny moment while I was waiting to be seated. Momofuku Ssam Bar in warm weather has a garage door entrance/exit right on the sidewalk. Two young ladies who I guess were not yet mentally prepared for these summer temperatures left the place by using the regular door that is the exit during the winter. When they realized they could have just walked outside on to the sidewalk with no use of a door, they started laughing so hard that everyone waiting also started laughing. It was hysterical. Finally, I was seated. I met two wonderful servers Emma and Nick and asked them to personally make the choices for a four course meal that would demonstrate why this restaurant made the San Pellegrino Top 50 list. So they conferred and went with a raw dish, then a small plate, a large plate and dessert. First up was the cured hamachi with edamame, horseradish and pea leaves. This dish was Masa good. Amazing! I loved how the horseradish gave a little kick when paired with the peas and velvety cool hamachi. Loved it! Before the next course, I ordered a glass of the Momofuku "signature private label" sake. It was a generous but potent portion that goes down like silk. It took some discipline on my part not to get ahead of myself too quickly or I would have been stumbling outta there. The second course selected for me was the Satur Farm's Fried Brussel Sprouts in a broth of sauteed mint, scallions, and fish vinagrette. The first few bites were sort of one note. The flavors weren't singing in harmony and I really couldn't taste the mint which disappointed me because I love mint. But as I spooned my way down to the bottom of the dish and got at the broth more, that is when my taste buds started dancing as my head bobbed to their Ipod soundtrack of The Cure, Violent Femmes and Joan Jett. A suggestion to Chef David Chang: this dish would be better served if you raised the level of the broth higher in the bowl so that all the ingredients can marry together more efficiently. For my entree, I was presented with the Bev Eggleston's Pork Shoulder Steak with a zucchini and ramp dressing. This plate was extraordinary. It truly eats like a steak texturely and is sliced into perfect one bite morsels. The pork was perfect al dente tender and the ramp sauce was sopped up in a heartbeat. A dish like this alone could give Momofuku Ssam Bar a Michelin Star. For dessert, I very much enjoyed the pear sorbet with pumpkin ganache and gorgonzola dolce. The juxtapostion of the rustic smoky woodiness of the pumpkin bounced off the sweet graininess of the pear in an intriguing way. Congratulations Chef David on earning on spot on the most coveted restaurant list. Before, you were a NYC renowned chef, now you are a "world" renowned chef. Four course dinner for one with drink, tax, and tip was $100. San Pellegrino Top 50 Restaurants In The World:http://www.theworlds50best.com/module/acms_­winners?group_id=1
