Last summer, I came here with my family for Restaurant Week, and I think all of us agreed that we were pretty impressed with our evening at ilili. Unlike other restaurants (cough, Le Cirque, cough) that treat Restaurant Week diners like second-hand citizens, the service at ilili was friendly and accommodating. There's a lounge-type area in the entrance that is adjacent to the dining room, which has a nice elegant feel about it. While this isn't refined dining, I'd suggest wearing some nice clothes here. For its Restaurant Week menu, ilili lets diners choose two mezza options, one entrée, and one dessert. I've gotta say that I was really impressed and a bit surprised by how large the portions were for the mezzas; there was definitely no skimping on portion sizes. For example, there were perhaps eight or nine lamb sausages (Mekanek). Everyone at the table ordered different mezzas, and we all ended up sharing the dishes and sampling each other's choices. I thought the Da'ud Basha (lamb meatballs with tomato, onion, and pine nuts) and Octopus (with red pepper puree, pomegranate, and walnut cilantro pita crumb) were the standouts among the vast array of sampled small dishes, though every one of them was tasty. After the exceptional round of mezzas, it was almost inevitable that the next course would be a bit of a letdown. Now, don't get me wrong, my entrée (striped bass with ragout of clams and herbs, Kouzbara toast, and lemon espuma) was tasty in its own right, but the bar had been set so high at that point. For dessert, I opted for the Awaimat (Lebanese beignets with an orange blossom simple syrup), which are basically zeppoles bathed in a nice, orange-infused syrup. It was as good as you would expect sweet, fried dough to taste. Others opted for the ilili Candy Bar (chocolate Kataifi crunch, chocolate ganache, pistachio & fig caramel, and warm chocolate sauce), which I sampled and thought was pretty good, albeit a bit too sweet. Overall, the food, service, and general ambiance of ilili were great, and I would not hesitate to make a return trip or recommend this restaurant to others.
