If you have an unresolved case of the missing waistline, don't even think of going to Salt and Fat.  Otherwise, the fact that that the interest of your taste buds does not necessarily match that of your waistline will be further confirmed. Having missed the first invite here from Elle P.and Amy S. a year ago, I was excited to finally try Salt and Fat with a group so we can share the small plates.  It was the perfect night to eat as there was no wait for a table of six.  After getting a bottle of Cabernet, we gave our order for ten (10) dishes to the staff.   In my opinion, the following items were brilliant and worth another visit:   ~~Persimmon salad  (baby arugula, prosciutto, spicy candied walnuts, goat cheese, honey-lemon vinaigrette)  - Perfection!  The contrast between salt and sweet as well as between richness and freshness will initially puzzle the taste buds until the brain adjusts to the beautiful sensation evoked.  The goat cheese was delivered with a very light touch so it doesn't overpower the dish.  I'm so excited to replicate it given that our family loves persimmon.  Actually, I thought this item should be the banner dish of Salt and Fat.   ~~Yellow tail tartare  (scallions, yuzu gel, cassava chips)  - We were advised to mix the beautifully presented tartare with the yuzu gel and the scallions, scoop it out on the cassava chips and prepare to be surprised.  The crunch of the cassava chips with the delicate yet rich taste of the tartare was nicely done.   ~~Shaved Hudson Valley Foie Gras (with cinnamon mandarin oranges and bacon brittle) -  Although I'm a fan of foie gras, I'm on the fence with cinnamon because it is a strong flavor.  Somehow the blend of sweetness and earthiness of cinnamon with the citrusy orange and the salty bacon brittle is surprising, yet comforting.   ~~Panna cotta with yuzu sorbet - It was the perfect end to the very rich meal.  The yuzu sorbet was citrusy and fresh and yet delicate with a hint of sweetness.  I love making panna cotta and am excited to replicate their lychee version. The other dishes that we tried were: ~~Fried chicken (with pickled daikon and spicy herb ranch)  It would be difficult to go wrong with fried chicken.  There are four (4) pieces of the fried chicken which tasted more Southern style than Korean style.   ~~Scallops ( with roasted carrot puree, truffled corn salsa, capers) - I was excited to order this dish.  Perhaps due to the strong flavors of the other dishes, it seemed it lost its identity.  The corn salsa is heavenly though and the scallops were firm and fresh.   ~~Shrimp and grits (with slow cooked egg, bacon and scallions)  The moment I tasted the dish, I felt my taste buds swell from the extreme saltiness.  Surprisingly, when I looked again, we finished the dish.   ~~Braised pork belly tacos (with pickled onions, kimchi salsa, queso fresco) The queso fresco was a nice touch but the pork belly itself was dry.   ~~Oxtail terrine (caramelized onion puree, roasted mushrooms) It was a bit dry for me. The others in our group waxed poetic about this dish from previous visit but perhaps because there were so many dishes, it did not impress me.   ~~Crispy Pork Trotter Torchon (with slow cooked egg, spicy mayo) We call it their version of crispy pata.  It was alright but I didn't think it was crispy.   ~~Crack and Cheese - (gnocchi, bacon and cheese) Their version of mac and cheese would have been perfect if we did not order too many items. ~~Papardelle pasta (with slow cooked egg, roasted mushrooms and broccoli rabe) -  I can no longer taste anything by the time that we tried the pasta but the brocolli rabe had a crunch although there were some tough bits on the pasta. As I've said the yuzu sorbet was hands-down the best dessert but then again the trio of sorbets gave us such a thrill: apple miso, thai iced tea and white peach jalapeno.  It was a challenge to choose which we liked best so much so that we're already planning coming back. Did we mention that we also ordered the rice krispies and ice cream? It would have been a blast to meet Chef Daniel Yi, who grew up in Sunnyside too and who is bringing business to the neighborhood.
