Was looking for a different place to try during Restaurant Week and I noticed Riverpark did a lunch that is 1 block from my job! The menu looked great and so did the reviews so I went yesterday with a coworker. We were seated next to the window overlooking the East River on a beautiful day when our waitress quickly arrived and brought us our menus and asked our choice of water. We looked over the menu and I ordered the Charcuterie Plate (Soppressata, cacciatorini, prosciutto, grilled bread), Buckwheat Pappardelle (Pork ragu, fennel, pine nuts, sweet potato) and the Beignets w Chocolate sauce and espresso custard. My coworker wanted to order the Cheese Empanada app he saw online but it was not offered on the menu so he went with the Charred Eggplant & Goat Cheese Bruschetta but the waitress suggested Roasted Provolone which came on a sizzling skillet with Oregano, garlic, pickled chiles. That sounded great so he went with that but we saw many orders of the bruschetta going by and it looked awesome. For entree he got the Pork Steak (Hen of the Woods, cippolini, cranberries, swiss chard) and Chocolate Pot de Crème w Caramel sandwich cookies. The meat plate was fantastic with about 4 delicious, fresh slices of the soppressata and proscuitto and 3 large, thick, crusty, grilled bread slices, a couple of olives, and a spicy mustard (go easy, it'll clear your sinuses). His cheese came bubbling on the hot skillet also with grilled bread.  Both were very very good. We waited a bit for the entrees which was not good being on a time limit but then they arrived. The pasta dish was a small portion but very tasty with the pappardelle cooked much softer than you would expect but it worked. Some might not order since buckwheat would give them the impression it would change the taste but you could not tell the difference. The pork steak was a large thin piece that was extremely tender but seemed to lack any distinct flavor, it was good though. Dessert was a great cap on things. I got 4 small pillows of fried dough, hollow inside, that I dipped first into the espresso cream which tasted like a burnt caramel (in a good way) but when I dipped in the chocolate, I let out quite the inappropriate groan...yes it's that good!! Just pure, rich, GREAT quality chocolate. The pot de creme was a small ramikin of airy chocolate mousse with 1 miniscule cookie on the side, also a good choice. For $24.07 it was a great value for the quality of food and service (our water glasses were never half empty) and I hear they also do a regular $28 3-course lunch menu which I would love to come back for another time.
