This place has its ups and down.  The food is good.  Not amazing but I liked what I ate.  The guac was fresh and very good.  The fish tacos were good as well.  I like the atmosphere and service was attentive enough.  The place is a bit overpriced for what you're getting. The issue I have with the place is the somewhat questionable attitude that they exhibited when we went there.  But basically, we got there right around the end of happy hour.  We didn't expect to be able to order at happy hour prices/selection so we sat in the restaurant area instead of the bar area.  Then the waiter came over and asked us what we'd like to drink and we ask "is happy hour still going?" to which he replied "yes but only in the bar, you can move over there if you'd like happy hour margaritas".  That was reasonable enough so we told him we'd move over to a table in the bar area and we'd also take two happy hour margaritas.  He came by our new table a few minutes later and said that happy hour had actually ended so he couldn't bring us the margaritas for the same price anymore.  Meanwhile we're sitting at the table by the window and still looking at the happy hour sign on the sidewalk.  Anyway, we found this to be pretty ridiculous to tell a customer that they can get happy hour if they move but then change it once they do move.  Then the manager came by to explain that the waiter just didn't know that happy hour was over and that he couldn't give us the drinks for the lower price.  Frankly I didn't even care this much about getting a few dollars off of a margarita but being told one thing and then having them do another does bother me.  Finally, about 15 minutes later, the waiter came over to us and said that the manager would make an exception and give us one margarita each at the happy hour price.  Which is what they should have done from the get go.  What I can't believe about this whole ~30 minutes of silliness is that the waiter isn't just empowered to make that decision on the spot and avoid upsetting/annoying customers.  Any restaurant manager would be fine with his decision.  There was a grand total of like $8 on the line -- not exactly a big deal. Anyway, I like the food but the margarita stuff makes me think the place isn't that well managed.
