To begin, let me say the food was exceptional. Well prepared and very tasty. If your only concern as a restaurant goer is that the food be delicious, then Balthazar is a fine choice. However, for many, a dining experience is more wholistic, and it is in these peripheral matters that Balthazar leaves room for growth. While enduring a brief wait for them to prepare our reserved table upon arriving at the restaurant, a large, healthy cockroach scrambled over my boyfriend's shoe. Not wanting to alarm me, he notified the hostess of the offending insect's presence in as subtle and polite a way as possible. She, not knowing what to do, stomped on the bug right in front of our eyes. While this was perhaps just an unfortunate twist of fate for us (i.e. we perchance saw the only cockroach ever to find itself walking across the dining floor of this particular restaurant), it did not bode well for the experience. After being seated in a cramped  corner of the large, noisy dining room, the manager-on-duty rewarded our even-tempered reaction to the disgusting incident near the door with two glassed of fine champagne. This was appreciated in spirit, but the expensive liquid was not quite sufficient to wash the bitter taste of disappointment out of our mouths. In addition to this ugly business, when my boyfriend ordered a beer, the waiter who was bringing it to us dropped the beverage onto the window seat behind my chair, shattering the glass and effectively spraying me and my counterpart at the table behind me with a fine mist of Stella. Our experience thus soured, the delicious food and complementary dessert (for our grievances, I suppose) were simply insufficient to make up for the ill-fated nature of our experience. It was my boyfriend's birthday dinner, and perhaps for a meal with no significance the wonderful food would be able to make up for the tragedy-leaden atmosphere. However, it is best not to risk losing the emotional import of your special occassion to the unromatic setting and near-comically accident prone staff of Balthazar.
