This has got to be the BEST Italian food I have had yet. The boyfriend and I were looking for a good place to eat around the Theater District before our showing of Wicked. There were so many to choose from, but we decided to go with Trattoria Trecolori because of the awesome reviews (and because we wanted Italian). We, being non-New Yorkers, highly underestimated the popularity of this restaurant and found that all tables were reserved when we walked in. The hostess, however, told us that full table service was offered at the bar, and seating there is first come, first serve. Well, to our dismay, the last two seats had just been taken by another couple, so we were deciding whether or not we should wait it out or head to another restaurant so we would be able to catch our show. Fortune smiled upon us as a party of three got up from the bar area and granted us our seats. We ordered the Trecolori antipasto to start with. I'm pretty sure we started to get full off of that alone. An entire platter of different Italian meats and cheeses all for you and your special someone. For our main course, we ordered the American Red Snapper, which was their fish special, and the Black Squid Ink Pasta, which Yelpers spoke so highly of. The snapper was absolutely perfect. Extremely flavorful sauces that didn't overpower the taste of the fish itself. Yum. And even better? The squid ink pasta. I know you must be thinking squid ink?! But seriously, it's to DIE for. Something about the ink makes the pasta extremely chewy and tasty and unlike any other pasta you've ever tasted, and the seafood that comes with the dish were seasoned and cooked to perfection. Prawns, mussels, clams, and squid galore on top of a bed of squid ink pasta. A true seafood lover's dream come true. And be sure to try their wines! We tried two of their white wines (the exact name escapes me now), and they were both delicious. Check them out :) Bottom line? Make a reservation if you remember. If you don't, grab the first open seat you see at the bar, and the experience is just as good.
