We went based on the recommendation of two co-workers. Very disappointed. We went on a Friday night at 6:30. There were 2 cars in the parking lot. We were tempted to leave because that's an indicator that the place isn't good. We should have gone with our instincts. There were two workers, hence the two cars. The guy barely pulled himself away from his cell phone to greet us and asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar. We said Dining. He brought us up the stairs to a woman that was sitting down. she took us around a strange tight corner where the coffee station was. Just past it was the dining room. It was completely empty. The décor was kind of warm and formal. White linens. Silver ware looked dingy. There wasn't crystal like another person mentioned. We were very tempted to leave yet again. I asked for a drink menu. The guy said hold on let me get the woman. She said they don't have one, but they have a full bar. I asked if they had Pear vodka. They didn't so I just ordered the Mojito since it was a Cuban place and it was the one and only drink on the menu. It was a very mediocre mojito. They added sour mix to it instead of lime juice, which was disappointing. Since there was no other customers you would think they would have time to attend to us. We waited forever. They didn't ask how anything was, or if we needed anything else. Since I was unimpressed with the drink, I ordered a Bud light lime. The glass came wet, not frozen and had lipstick on it. I had to call the lady over to tell her. Appetizer- fried plantain and shrimp was very tasty. Lots of garlic, but very good. Husband got the shredded beef on rice with plantains. He said it was good, but has had better. I had the Snapper with Calamari- it was very good. had a nice spice, cooked correctly. Served with plantains and rice. The food was good, but I question their cleanliness, due to the lipstick on the glass and another person mentioned that the bathroom was gross. That's an indicator that the kitchen is also bad. So that skeeved me out. They definitely need to take some customer service classes. This is the first time that I've ever dined and being the only people there. Especially being a Friday night. There weren't any customers coming in as we left either. It was very uncomfortable and awkward. We definitely will not be going back.
