Menu/Food: Had a very extensive menu with prices that range from roughly $9~28 per dish including appetizers, salads, entrees, desserts. 3 extensive menus for food, drinks and dessert. I don't generally have a lot of Greek Food but this place really exposed my taste buds to venture and enjoy their cultural cuisine. Greek Salad (1st Recommendation) ~ really enjoyed this salad. Large tomatoe halves, cucumbers, vinaigrette dressing, large triangular feta cheese. The ingredients were basic and simple but it was very delicious. Grilled Octopus ~ comes with two tentacles. Crispy on the outside and grilled just right for a firm texture. Baby Lamb Chops (2nd Recommendation)~ 4 juicy, tender and savory lamb chops that melt in your mouth with each bite. Underneath the lambs is a halved stuffed eggplant. Stuffing was a tomatoe based pasta or meat? Served with baby potatoes Greek Comfort Food (3rd Recommendation) ~ (there was two options, the one with pasta) Good portion. A mountain of layers filled with ground meat, pasta, tomatoe sause, cheese (perhaps ricotta?) And something that gave it a sweet kick on the top. Pork ~ largest portion of them all. Very tender jumbo pork loin like large chunks of pulled pork. Served with potatoes on the dish. Fish (least favorite) ~ ask for the fish of the day. They have options. My friend ordered the Cod I believe and it came served as a whole. I personally didnt enjoy the fish as much just cause I don't like it too dry. It was slightly fried on the outside ao the skin was crunchy and inside, like any other slightly dry fish I guess. I didnt like that I chewed on some fish bones. But thats just mean, I hate having to work for my food and spitting back out bones. Shrimp and Scallop Egg Noodle ~ 4 jumbo shrimps and 4 jumbo scallops with egg noodles in a tomatoe based sauce 2x desserts ~ both really great. My friend ordered so I apologize I dont have a description if what it was but feel free to check out the photos! Greek Chardonnay Bottle $48 (dry) Service: Service was superb with our server Maria. She was very catering to our needs and requests. She provided recommendations for our bottle of wine for the night (Greek Chardonnay). Location/Ambiance: This place has a very great ambiance filled with warm yellow lighting. Ceilings are filled with clay jars above our dinning table. There wasn't any music playing and the noise level was a little above mediocre. Perhaps it was because everyone in the restaurant was chatting and enjoying themselves. However, tables are placed pretty close to each other parties so if you're trying to whisper secrets, it won't work too well. Theres a place by the restroom where you can hang your coats also. Occasion: We came for a birthday. They have available candles to put on their desserts if you ask fo them. If you bring your own cake, they charge $2.50 per piece of cake they slice for you and place of a plate. Just buy their desserts, its really great. I actually think this would be a very great and classy date location. Gave me the vibs
