FOOD: Having recently returned from a trip to Austria, I was interested in trying a place with some Austrian specialties to see if it was possible to get some of the same things here in the US. Cafe Sabarsky was on that list. I ordered a Kasekreiner for my meal, and my guest ordered the potato spatzle. Both were delicious. The kasekreiner was appropriately cooked in such a way that the inside of the sausage was soft while the exterior appropriately "tough." The mustard in particular for the kasekreiner was superb and appropriately spicy, and the potato and sauerkraut served on the side was delicious. Bread was fresh also. They served Stiegl beer imported from Salzburg which was a very pleasant surprise. No Ottakringer (a Viennese beer), but that is not distributed widely outside the east of Austria anyway so it would be a bit much to see that here. Either way the Stiegl was much appreciated and tasted same as in Austria (all Stiegl is brewed in Salzburg and imported). For dessert, we ordered the Sachertorte, an Austrian specialty and quite possibly my favorite dessert in this entire world. A slice of chocolatey "pie" almost, served with whipped creme on the side, it is a true Viennese treat. The flavor compared pretty well to the "real thing" from Vienna I'd had a few weeks earlier, the only notable difference being the texture (the Viennese version was slightly softer). All in all, a very good casual dining experience. 5/5 SERVICE: Service was quite good. No complaints. The food came surprisingly quickly. Waiter was polite and friendly. It did take a little while to get seated however, and they don't take reservations for lunch. Their hours are somewhat limited by the Neue Galerie, and so dinner is only available later in the week. Also, this was the second time I'd gone and first time I'd eaten. The first time I visited, they'd failed to note their regular hours were not in effect on their website due to a special event, and so we were turned away. So even though the service in the restaurant was good, their score here reflects reduced dinner hours and the incomplete information on the website somewhat also. 3/5 AMBIENCE: Very simple ambience, casual, quiet, and potentially romantic. Overall, the cafe is fairly small so if you are going to do dinner here, reservations are highly recommended (particularly if you have a larger party). Seating two is no problem but seating four at a table may become slightly cramped unless you get a booth. All in all, the place is well decorated and carries a nice vibe. 4/5 PRICE/VALUE: The prices are fairly high but in my opinion the food is worth it. This is a nice place to go, and it can be romantic if you are considering taking a date here. Just be sure to check their hours before visiting, and if you plan on eating dinner here on a day that they are open late, be sure to make reservations as it is not very large. 4/5 SUMMARY: Cafe Sabarsky is well respected in the German/Austrian cuisine circles and for good reason. You will enjoy the food and the elegant ambience here. 4/5
