Day By Day is a highlight of my trips to Philadelphia.  I live in New York, a city inundated with brunch spots, but when I think about a memorable Saturday morning meal, Day by Day stands out.  It has a wait that's on par with any great East Coast brunch spot, but the friendly staff and lack of a pretentious aura make the wait and the subsequent experience much more bearable.  I'm also a fan of the new technology upgrade - avoiding the crowd inside and wandering Rittenhouse until they call is a nice change. I'm almost ashamed to admit this, but the dish that I crave most is their tuna melt.  I've had a bunch of amazing brunches there, but I found this particular melt during a weekday foray, and it is the best tuna melt I have ever eaten.  Ideal balance of ingredients, cheese melted to perfection, perfect consistency with just enough crunch, fresh taste, a sizable portion, and it comes in a croissant!   Despite this obsession, I like to explore on weekends.  Heading there with a few friends and a bottle of champagne is an adventure.  The reliable staples means that everyone is assured a good meal, but the highlights are Day by Day's specialty: the chunk of the menu and pastries that change weekly.  The baker's Jawns are the undiscovered yet far superior answer to the Cronut, and no matter how crazy the flavors, I'm excited every time I don't see them crossed off the chalk board.  Sitting at a table outside with one of Day by Day's goodie baskets of pastries and a coffee pretty much sums up my perfect morning.   They don't do anything overly fancy and I generally stick to the savory after copious amounts of pastries, but the menu is creative, sizable, reliable, and incredibly tasty.  The menu is affordable, including the more decadent items like smoked salmon benedict with crispy latkes and the pesto prosciutto and asparagus dish (I forget what this was called but it was really interesting).  I'm curious about their French toast, but I can never avoid the pastries long enough to order it.  That's about all I can think of now that I've worked up an appetite - I'm off to book my next Bolt to Philly.
