VIVO is basically the newest dance-lounge on the block in the Ironbound although it's been a round for over a year. I'll cover both it's Tapas Lounge personality and its Club personality. So let's get On With The Review! Location: You really can't get too much better. It's right on the corner of Ferry and Jackson, smack in the middle of the Ironbound in Newark. If you get there early, should have ample street parking. Decor: Stone walls and dark furniture give it a cave-wine cellar kind of feel that works well. It is filled with a flat screens. Long L-shaped bar that's the length of the place, VIP area, self standing DJ booth and plenty of table space. It can be intimate on the less busy nights. Lounge Crowd: This is a early-20's, attractive crowd on most nights. At times, you will get a noticeable amount of borderliners tho (20/21). However they tend to be in a very good mood and are very party oriented. The latin nights are more of "hick" latin then sophisticated latin crowd. Ambiance: Expect a very pleasantly calm tapas experience and wilder lounge experience on weekends - but not as wild on off nights. You can definitely bring a date here at anytime depending on what kind of talk level you're looking for. This has a substantial young Spaniard crowd feel to it at all times. Lounge Cost: Reasonably priced drinks with plenty of specials every single night which is hard to keep up with. The cost of drinkgs will not break your bank at all ,but do NOT expect a cheap drinking hole. $6-$10 is about what is expected for this kind of place ,which is the going rate for all lounges in the area. Tapas Cost: This may seem slightly expensive to some but not if you know how to order. Tapas are meant to be shared with other tapas. Do not get one tapa as a meal. Prices range from $4-$9 and you need to order more than one  for it to make sense. This strategy should keep you satisfied from a hunger standpoint without killing your pocket. Lounge Service: The bartenders are quick and plentiful. The waitresses are around but can be a little lonely at times, so they'll come up to you a lot. BE VERY CAREFUL when opening tabs - a lot of times you will be charged a service fee - feel free to ask about this charge. I'd pay cash as much as you can, one round or drink at a time. You can then control the tip as you see fit. Everyone is very courteous regardless and all good looking. Tapas Service: The waitstaff is very courteous and attentive. However, orders have been known to take a long time to come out of the kitchen depending on the item! You will never be treated wrongly here and they will do their best to ensure you enjoy your dining experience. Tapas Menu: Hands down the best tapas place in Newark. Come here with a group and mix it up. Everything is very tasty and as fun as it should be to eat. I'd recommend the Diablo sausages, the Octopus and the stuffed Peppers. They also have the traditional Spanish tapa - the tortilla (which is kinda like a thick omellete with lots of ingredients mixed in) Drink Menu: They love mojitos here, but some bartenders have messed them up! Most of the time tho you'll get a cool mix of offerings - especially if you like fruit-juiced based stuff. They have a full bar, so everything else is here too as well as bottle service for those VIP nights. Lounge Music: You'll have a myriad of music depending on the night. The play a lot of whatever genre is popular with hip-hop and dance leading the way. Thursdays, as of this post, is latin music night. They have karaoke on some nights too - just give them a call and they'll let you know what's going down. Security: This is rock solid and very courteous. The bouncers/doormen know to appreciate your visit and protect your stay. The place, really has no real violence problems and most people are easy going. No complaints here. Conclusion: Vivo as a tapas lounge is great and a bit of a hidden gem. Vivo as a nightclub has a bit of an inconsistency but generally good vibe due to its small size. The impression of it being filled is an easy task, which ultimately attracts more people seeking the "happening" place of the night. Pros: Tapas are the best in town Intimate setting Cool decor Lively crowd Cons: Waitstaff is a but untrustworthy with tipping Smallish H-Cane's Final Spin: Vivo seems to still be on the verge and I feel it has yet to meet it's potential. The tapas are hands down amazing and fun - but remember order several and mix it up, come with friends! The lounge has a lively, younger crowd. It's great for a date, especially on the calmer off nights! If you come to hookup - it can happen on the club nights. Be weary - most Newark partiers are heavy drinkers, bring a DD.
