I'm from Long Island but I LOVE going into the city and explore different restaurants.  I LOVE Greek food and this restaurant was the BEST Greek Restaurant that we've been to by far! Service: Our Greek waiter's name was Antonis.  Seems like a family owned restaurant, all Greeks. He was extremely nice and treated us very well.  He gave me a tasting of 2 wine choices that he suggested and made sure I was happy with my choice.  We were the only people in the restaurant at this time (Friday around 5:30pm) so service was obviously going to be fast.  Once more people came in, the service was still very good. Appetizers: Everyone gets homemade hummus served with fresh hot pita bread.  The hummus was very authentic and delicious.  I never had hummus like that before. We also ordered 2 appetizers: 1. Haloumi sote me stafylia kai tsipouro: Thick slices (4) of sautéed haloumi cheese finished with Greek grappa and served with grapes & pine nuts. Cost was $12. This was our favorite appetizer! I could eat this all day, everyday! It was absolutely delicious! It's a MUST have when coming to this restaurant! 2. Dolmathes avgolemono: Grape leaves (3) stuffed with rice, ground veal, herbs, golden raisins and pine nuts, served with egg-lemon sauce.  Cost was $13. This was good as well, I would eat it again but I would probably order a new appetizer next time just to try something different, along with the Haloumi cheese! When I come back to this restaurant I will always order the Haloumi cheese app no matter what!.   Entrees: 1. Paidakia galaktos stin schara me imam kai mora patates: (my boyfriend's dish) Marinated grilled baby lamb chops (4), served with mini stuffed eggplants and fingerling potatoes. Cost was $28. This dish was highly recommended on the reviews that we read and also by our waiter.  These were one of the best lamb chops I've never tried! Now I know why they were highly recommended! Everything on the plate was amazing. 2. Garides kai hteniame slatsa ouzo servirismena me hilopites: (my dish) Shrimp (4) and sea scallops (3) in a creamy ouzo-flavored tomato sauce. Served over Greek egg noodles. Cost was $25. This dish was spicy and I love spicy food! It's so easy to over cook scallops, but these scallops were cooked perfectly!! Another amazing dish. Beverages: For alcohol choices, they only serve beer & wine which are all Greek.  The beer was Mythos Greek beer, which is a pale lager. It has a bright golden color, and pleasant refreshing taste. As far as the wine, I ordered a Malbec Greek wine, which was recommended by the waiter.  I'm not sure of the brand but it was very enjoyable! The beer cost $6 & the wine cost $10. Dessert: Christos' towering galaktobourekakia: Delectable buttery phyllo triangles (3) filled with Greek custard and drizzled with cinnamon and Greek mountain honey. Cost was $6. This was the only dessert that really caught our eye.  It was served warm and tasty! We washed it down with a nice sized cappuccino, which were $3 each. In total our bill came to $115.41.  With all that we ordered (2 apps, 2 entrees,1 beer, 1 glass of wine, 1 dessert, & 2 cappuccino's) I think that was pretty good! Atmosphere: I would describe the restaurant as a romantic chic but at the same time authentic style. The ceiling in the front of the restaurant is made of dangling terra-cotta clay pots, which gave it a lovely authentic look.  There was soft lighting throughout the restaurant, with rough whitewashed walls, which had a "modern chic" feel.  Overall I loved the look and vibe of this restaurant! I HIGHLY recommend this place! I wish it were in LI instead of NYC this way I could eat there more often! Best Greek restaurant I've ever been to hands down!!
