According to my friends who are more familiar with NY than I am, this was a place that I HAD to check out during my stay here. I love Mediterranean food, so it didn't take much convincing. The only thing that was kind of keeping me away was the 100 degree July weather that made a normal 6 block walk seem like a walk through the Sahara. Fortunately for me, this did not deter me as I remained steadfast in my quest to try the best NY has to offer. One word of advice, there are several similar looking carts on this corner, so if you want the Halal Guys make sure it clearly says it as the lookalikes also have red and yellow branding. The easiest way to tell is to see which one has the long line. While I didn't get the opportunity to try the others, from what I've been told Halal Guys is the best. Anyways, for $6 you get a heaping serving of food... probably good enough to feed 2 peeps to be honest. I ordered the combo rice plate which had an orange rice topped with chopped chicken, chopped gyro, pita slices, and lettuce. They have BBQ, a spicy red sauce, and a white sauce that you can top with to your heart's content. Beware, the red sauce is really spicy. You have to have a high tolerance for heat and spice to enjoy it. What makes it so good? Well it's a nice and hearty meal. You can't even see the rice, it's topped with so much meat. The chicken and gyro are seasoned well, and it's even better when you get some pieces with nice crisp caramelization on them. The sauces really bring everything together and add that extra punch. The white sauce is like a tangy yogurt sauce while their BBQ sauce is just your standard sweet BBQ sauce. I couldn't really detect the flavors in the red sauce as it was so spicy. It was really more for heat than flavor if you ask me. If you get the white and BBQ sauce, the combination of the 2 create a nice contrast... creamy and tangy against sweet and peppery. I'd recommend it, although I must say it makes it taste a little less ethnic. Once you take that first bite, you'll find yourself heaping forkfuls again and again until you can't eat anymore. It's really an addicting dish. To anyone that hasn't been, give it a try. For such a cheap price you really don't have an excuse not to go!
