restaurantbrat.com Ah, Tom Colicchio, it seems like you're everywhere these days! You wear so many hats that it's difficult to escape your sneering, somewhat haughty mug: chef, restaurateur, TV personality and unwitting gay icon, it seems like there's nothing you can't do! Except grow a proper beard, that is (come, come... that little weedy patch on your chin is crying out for some fertilizer). Thankfully, despite your follicular misgivings, you have proven time and again that your restaurants are a force to be reckoned with, and your latest installment, the Kip's Bay standout Riverpark, is a welcome addition to the New York dining scene - especially since you astutely chose to establish this gem in a neighborhood that might be generously described by some as a culinary wasteland. Strangely enough, Riverpark's odd location works in its favor. Getting there is an experience unto itself. Directing our cabbie to turn onto a brand new street (so new it doesn't even appear on Google Maps or GPS yet), we then pulled up onto an industrial chic driveway fronting a glass and steel complex. First impression: Am I still in Manhattan? We enter the building, stepping into a lobby that is part Minority Report and part MoMA light-and-sound exhibit. It's an unintuitive place for any fine dining establishment, but once you enter the restaurant itself, all doubts fade away. It is a beautifully anointed space: high ceilings boxing a maze of sleek Nordic lines, buzzing with a classy cocktail-fueled hum, a welcoming front-of-house, a stylish crowd, and a spectacular view of the East River. The menu at Riverpark does not disappoint. A starting half-dozen of Beau Soleil oysters were quite divine. While each bivalve was a tad on the petite end, what they lacked in mass they made up in flavor. These were perhaps the freshest tasting oysters I've ever had - salty yet clean, they were pristine little oceanic jewels. They were so good I put the horseradish and mignonette aside - these beasts simply had to be swallowed unadorned. A small appetizer portion of seafood spaghetti followed; the calamari rings, lobster chunks and naked cockles studded like rubies and emeralds in a rough tangle of handrolled pasta for a delectable sign of more to come. I scarfed the plate down in about the same time it just took you to read this sentence. For my main, I'd initially had trouble deciding between the pork chop or the sturgeon. With a little help from my server, I went for the sturgeon, and it proved to be a solid, if unglamorous, choice. I had only eaten sturgeon in adult form on a few occasions prior, and am more familiar with the fish in their beady, unfertilized version. Riverpark's version showcased the meaty fish in what must have been intended as an autumnal celebration of warmth and heart, but which ultimately served only to highlight the textural heaviness of the flesh. Roasted in a bed of radicchio, figs, pistachios and sunchoke (which, by the way, must be the most overused "trendy" vegetable of the season), the sturgeon was mild, sweet, and very thick. Flavor-wise, this dish encompassed the season well: a starchy barnyard cornucopia of heady, rooty goodness. However, each mouthful slid down my throat like an anvil, a trait in fish I am not entirely sold on. All in all, Riverpark is a great new restaurant that I will probably visit again - perhaps in the summertime when patio seating becomes available and a nice waterside view paired with a cocktail becomes too inviting to pass up. Thanks, Tom, for a beacon of hope in one of Manhattan's culinary cesspools. Go easy on the sunchokes next  time.
