Apparently I seem to be missing something. The positives to this place is that is is small, and quaint. A good place for a first date I guess, when you are too nervous to think about the quality of your food. It's also on a trendy, up-and-coming block in West Philly, so that might add to the popularity. The food was simply average, the prices too high, and service almost non-existent. I was very disappointed in this place and won't go back. I went there for lunch and got to the point where I started to wonder if the waiter had forgotten about me, and the other customers waiting. The soup was too salty, the dumplings too doughy and without enough "stuff" in them to give them flavor, and the chicken basil was too dry. The veggies just average. Since I mentioned the chicken basil I should add it wasn't even what I ordered. I ordered the shrimp. I didn't say anything, because a.) I was really indifferent about which of the four (veggie, shrimp, beef, chicken) I got, and b.) I didn't want it to be a hassle, and I certainly didn't want the wait to be even longer. So I didn't say anything. At the end, the waiter realized he gave me the wrong dish, and took 10% off the chicken price. Whatever. Had he appeared while I was eating to either refill my water, or ask me how my lunch was I would have said something and added, "no biggie, just don't charge me the higher shrimp price". Mistakes happen, no problem. The prices are a few bucks higher than what they should be. If this place was in some generic suburban strip mall, I think most of the positive reviewers would trash this place, but since it is in a hipster neighborhood people say it's great. Sort of like the Seinfeld episode where George convinces attractive models that he once dated a now-deceased fellow model and thus gets "in the club". Women looked at George and said "well, since he dated one of us he must be a stud". Same deal here, put a place in a cool neighborhood and somehow people think the food tastes better. One last thing, this place does NOT take credit cards. Be warned. Don't get how in 2014 restaurants don't take credit cards.
