in istanbul--and all over turkey--people gather for more protests that originally started as an opposition to building a mall in one of the last green spaces in the city center.  meanwhile, in brooklyn, a group gathers for crab on the warmest day of the year so far. i jumped out of the B61 bus when i realized i was on van brunt.  until that point i thought i was lost.  i'm not too familiar with red hook.  i know i took my driving test there.  it was a test that many people fail. after a 15 minute walk in the sun the corona was the perfect way to cool off.  then a few pacificos.  the bartender gave me a corona on the house. the people arrive and we move upstairs. i've read some bad reviews here and one of the comment complaints is the wait time.  we were 11, so the 30 minute wait did not seem unreasonable at all.  the 4th beer and a conversation with women about their surgeries ensured that the time went by quickly. the waiter was very friendly and went through every part of the menu.  his knowledge of crabs seemed so detailed that he was either a great fisherman or a good liar.  either way, his service and pleasant attitude was nice. i ordered a crab that i don't see on the menu here.  i'm not a crab person, so i wasn't sure that i was eating it properly.  i'm good at gnawing all of the meat off a chicken bone, so i took a similar approach.  since it was the first time i've had real crab, i can't compare it to crab at other places.  i know that i left full and slightly light-headed after finishing 6 beers in near 90 degree weather. the atmosphere was good.  in the background we could see the giant queen mary 2 as she embarked to some other part of the world. before we left the waiter told us that the one year anniversary was coming up.  i know there have been negative reviews here, but i wonder/hope that some of them were from when the place was in its early stages of becoming a crab eatery.  no complaints here, except maybe for the price.  but, again, i don't know how much crabs cost at similar places. in turkey they struggle; in brooklyn we eat crabs.  i hope there's a way that our two worlds can meet.  (maybe on board the queen mary 2?)
