Hmmm, where to start? If you don't want to read the entire review remember this -- The ONLY good thing about this place is the interior designer. Since this place had decent reviews (and was in the same parking lot as the AMC I decided to stroll across the parking lot to go for lunch. When my friend and I walked in we had to intentionally scream about leaving to get somebody to acknowledge our presence (You would think it was because they were busy, but NO! There were only 2 customers in there). When the disheveled hostess came over dragging her feet I knew I was going to be in for something special! She asks us to sit at the bar because it was Happy Hour, but there was no bartender and I wasn't in the mood to drink, so I asked for a table. She looked at me like I asked her to give me $100. I was perplexed by her reaction, but yet I stayed. -_- When we got to the table the hostess walked over to the bar, but her head in her hand and slumped over watching TV until it was time for her to punch out. A much nicer waitress came over and took our order. Maybe 10 minutes later our appetizers were out. We ordered fried calamari and something I believe was called 'honey shrimp' (but I can't confirm because their menu on their site hasn't been updated in ages -- that's red flag 3 if you haven't been keeping track). The appetizers were very good. In fact, that was all I enjoyed while there. After our appetizers were done it was about a 15 minute wait until our food came out. I ordered the chef's roll of the day and a spicy salmon and tuna roll and my friend ordered some chicken pasta slob, which is referred to as 'Penne Pasta, Sake Marinara' on the menu. When my sushi came out I was completely over it and didn't even want to eat it. It looked like the chef decided it was okay to have 2 parts rice to 1 part fish in my rolls. I really couldn't be mad because at least I didn't have to stomach my friend's dish, which looked like orange throw up in a bowl (By the way, I tasted it. It was.... fake ala Kraft macaroni & cheese powdered cheese). STAY AWAY FROM THAT MESS! You can thank me later. I figured dessert might save this place, and get me to return, but I was wrong yet again. lol. I order the white chocolate and banana caramel fried cheesecake, since everybody was on here raving about it. It was nothing to write home about and IMO was a trifling attempt at recreating one of the best desserts ever. It's basically little dollops of cheesecake in an egg roll that fried until it's hard as a rock, which makes it impossible to eat without a knife to cut it up, topped with 2 huge scooped of vanilla ice cream and caramel. -_- I was not impressed in the least.   Luckily I don't live in the area and don't have to come back here. I think whoever the owner is needs to take a step back and reevaluate their staffing choices (my experience doesn't seem to be a rarity) along with their menu and chefs. The decision to go to this place was a once in a lifetime moment of weakness. Think I'm lying? Then you try this place.
