Modo Mio does everything well, and even does a few things perfectly. The only reason I am withholding the 5th star (said by some to be the star that opens the crystal doors to the castle of Venucia on the 3rd plane of consciousness) is how hard it is to make reservations WHEN NO ONE EVER ANSWERS THE PHONE. I called, and called, and called. I even called... more. Multiple times, 5 nights in a row, never answered. So, I gave up (or so I thought). Should I have just gone in a spoken to them in person? Yes, of course. But they no longer deserved my business, and I got righteous satisfaction from screaming every time they didn't answer, gesticulating wildly as if my pants had been infiltrated by africanized bees, and threatening to throw my phone at my cats. As a stress free alternative, my wife and I decided to go to Dmitri's instead, as they do not take reservations, and wait times are typically fairly short. On the way, we had to walk past Modo Mio, and we decided, as we are staunch masochists, to see if there were any tables. We were met the obvious, "Do you have reservations?" to which my brains almost evacuated my skull with force typically only seen when stars go supernova. "No... no we do not" I responded, as I pushed one of my eyes that was trying to escape back into it's socket. However, before I could attack anyone, we were asked if we wanted to sit outside. Here, I realized I was on the receiving end of a cruel joke, but I decided to play along until I had some sort of edged utensil in my hand, that I may at least take a finger or ear, as I was stripped of my dignity in front of so many Cherry Hill defense attorneys that seem to like slumming it in my neighborhood. Here, a series of events I still don't quite understand unfolded, and we were sitting inside. Maybe it had something to do with my wife's low cut blouse. Our eventual waiter, Brett, who had previously looked piteously upon our non-reservation-having presence, now marveled at us as if usurpers of the throne. "How did you do that?! That never happens!" he exclaimed. We were legitimate diners now, with a table and chairs, water, and even napkins folded to stand up on their own. WHAT ABOUT THE FOOD YOU IDIOT?! I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR STUPID RESERVATION NONSENSE! Fine. Food. The menu is plainly laid out, with diverse options for each course. The ingredients are very high quality, and they are left to speak for themselves. I chose the special bruschetta for my antipasti, and my wife chose the mozzarella option. The special bruschetta was eggplant and caper, with goat cheese, on thin, toasted house-made bread. My wife's dish was fresh mozzarella between bread, and pan fried. Both were rich, but not heavy. Honestly though, I will positively review anything including good cheese, because it's cheese. For our pasta course, I chose the bucatini amatrician (which is possibly my favorite thing to say), which was comprised of hollow spaghetti, pancetta, and spicy tomatoes. My wife chose the gnocchi, which had a white sauce and fava beans. My pasta dish was nicely cooked, accented by the pancetta, and I was left with a pleasant lingering burn from the tomotoes. The gnocchi was well paired with a subtle white sauce, very light, and texturally excellent, as the mouth feel of the gnocchi and the fava beans work well together. While we chose to forgo a secondi (protein) course, we got the broccoli rabe dish to accompany our pasta. It was nicely bitter, with lemon, garlic, and sausage. We shared a tiramisu for desert. Neither of these were exceptional, but both were good. The atmosphere of the restaurant is delightfully loud, both due to it's single room design, and the general "unstuffy-ness" of the place in general. The service was outstanding. Our server Brett was kind, very helpful, and exceptionally attentive. I'm very glad I didn't hit him earlier in the evening. We will definitely be returning, which much bigger appetites, to get the turista, but I can confidently recommend that you go here now, and often, but don't try to call to make a reservation. Go in person, hire a skywriter, send a fax... DEAR LORD, ANYTHING EXCEPT THE TELEPHONE!!!
