Where has this place been all my life? For some reason it was just never on my radar and im always looking for some good lebanese food! and this place hits the spot!!! I can not rave enough about how amazing this place is. Not only is the atmosphere great when you walk in but the food is what is the most important here. I was definitely a huge pig for dinner! After looking at the extensive menu of delicious cold and hot meze and entrees, I wanted to order EVERYSINGLE thing! They all looked DELICIOUS! One of the best part of this meal is the endless fresh pita basket. Except i felt extremely guilty when they came by each course and switched out our bread for fresh ones! Even though they told us the bread is only good for the first 5 minutes... i thought it tasted AMAZING still after they were cold! But i love the attention to detail even for their free bread! For the cold meze we got Baba Ghannouj - delicious! its tough to find good baba ghannouj. I love the texture and the flavor. Kibbeh Nayeh Beirutieh (steak tartar / burghul / onion / mint)- this is awesome totally not what i expected from a steak tartar but it was a GOOD unexpectedness? (is that even a word?) but wow do they not skimp on portions either ! I almost got full on JUSt the steak tartare! sooo goood! Highly recommended Hot Meze Warm Eggplant - This is amazing. The flavors are strong and perfectly cooked. even for egg plant haters this delicious will make you a convert Chicken Livers - chicken liver was cooked perfectly! loved the texture Duck Shawarma - this was by far my FAVORITE dish in the house. the presentation was playful and where can you find duck shawarma? What an amazing addition. Since im asian i equate it to a playful lebanese peking duck. it has all the fixtures similar with the bread, duck, and sauce! mmm mmm delicious! I wish they made this into a full course meal as i would probably eat 10 of these! Best part of this dish for me (since im a glutton) is they did NOT skimp on meat! it was literally a mouthful of meat per bite and i was on cloud 9! MUST ORDER!! you will NOT be disappointed Mekanek - the sausages were also delicious! i love the texture and flavor and the bits of pine nuts within the sausage. Main Course Lamb chops - superb extremely juicey and flavorful Mixed Grill (chicken shish taouk / beef kebab / beef kafta) - we ordered this cause we wanted to get a taste of everything and i am so glad i did! the chicken shish taouk was to die for! i believe the chicken rested on a bed of garlic aoili? i may be wrong but whatever the sauce was it was orgasmic!  The chicken was tender and extremely juicey! the kafta was so flavorful and the beef was extremely tender and juicy! This is another great dish to order! loved it! Sides Batata Harra im so glad i didnt have to choose between which side was better cause the batata harra and phoenician fries were amazing. I was introduced to Batata harra at Meze Grill and I add that on top of every combo i create! i knew i had to try it here and i can eat this every day! Phoenician Fries - same with this! i love the dip. i wish they packed it up for me when i got it to go :( they forgot the dip :( Dessert Two desserts which i forgot the name for. Ill hopefully remember it Both of the desserts were huge! and love the orange infused syrup! One of the dessert was some sort of upside down cheese thingy whatever it was it was awesome! we were too full to eat dessert but they highly recommended it. Glad i didnt decide against it or else i would have missed out on the sweet heavenly delight! all in all best lebanese restaurant in the city hands down and one of my new favorite restaurants in the city. Such a hidden gem that should not be a best kept secret. I wish everyone would go out and try them! I am so tempted to go again after just going last night! or wait two nights ago! ahhh its already been too long!
