I've been here about 20 times since they opened. My wife and I did a Texas BBQ honeymoon in hill country around Austin. Every time I came, the BBQ was better and better (starting from a good place). At its best, the brisket was better than all but that we found at Franklin and LA Barbecue in Austin. Not coincidentally, when Franklin opened, the three pitmasters were Aaron Franklin, John Lewis (of LA Barbecue) and Morgans' pitmaster, John Avila. As we kept coming to Morgan's the brisket and pulled pork especially got better and better. But starting a few months ago, the fatty brisket started feeling awfully lean. The very friendly manager told us that the organic/grass fed source for their beef was trimming the briskets of fat before delivery, and that was affecting the fatty brisket. It is still delicious, and they seem to be compensating with an abundance of black pepper. Still very good, but a pale shadow of what it had grown to be. Hopefully they can fix their sourcing and go back to a less peppery (but still peppery) recipe. As a result, the pulled pork is now the best meat on the menu. Super juicy, very flavorful, and with a hint of red pepper flake. Easily the best pulled pork in NYC, and yes, I've had them all. When the brisket was at its best, it was also the best in town, but sadly that hasn't been the case recently. The pork ribs are also terrific, among the best in NYC, if not the very best. The turkey tails are a great alternative to buffalo wings, and a unique culinary experience as far as I've ever had. The mac (Morgan's, never had the Elbow Room) is very good. Not nearly the best in the area, but very reliably good. I wasn't a fan of the cornbread, but I've enjoyed most of the other sides. Baked potatoes are very rudimentary and feel mostly microwaved with an oven finish, but they do the job. I wish they had fries, as I bet they'd nail them. Service is almost always a little problematic. Just little things, often with the check, and always resolved to our satisfaction. So why five stars, given these reservations? Because the meat, (pulled pork and ribs always, and especially the brisket when it is at its best) is simply the best you can get outside of Texas for this style of BBQ. Ignore people complaining about the sauce: proper Texas BBQ needs no sauce, and is flavored by the meat, the smoke, and the seasonings alone. I hope they can right their course with the fatty brisket, because when it was at its best, it was truly something special. Check them out, come hungry, and try everything that appeals. You won't regret it!
