Roll out the red carpet for their CHICKEN AND WAFFLES. The waffles offer the perfect sweetness to compliment the crunchy and soft hint of cayenne spices offered by their fried chicken. The waffles are so good that it doesn't even need the three butters offered alongside this dish. In addition their BISCUIT smothered in a  sausage gravy is to die for. Don't be fooled into thinking that the biscuit is not big enough to share because three people could easily share this piece of heaven. Oh and don't forget their SHOE STRING FRIES, we ordered one side dish and it was gone in less than 15 minutes. Next up their highly praised SHRIMP AND GRITS is a medley of all thats good in the world. You can taste the shrimp, cheese, peppers and soulfulness in every fork full. All that was missing was a big piece of bread so that you can finish sopping up the broth. Unlike the chicken and waffles, this plate doesn't leave you so full that you can barely walk out. It is satisfying, filling and memorable. The drinks offered such as the SPIKED BLUEBERRY LEMONADE and their WINE SPRITZER are delicious but do not offer that buzz. I would definitely skip the alcohol next time. The AMBIANCE is New York meets Georgia. The pictures of farm life, door panels decorating the walls, tools taking the place of door handles and chairs is charming and rustic. The music is hip, cool and just right to spend a few hours here. However, be warned, the restrooms are tiny and not the most modern and cleanest. Small luxury to give up in exchange for everything else. This restaurant is good for small groups of people and really behaved kids. The ambiance is too chill for heavy activity such as kids running around or more than 5 people. Oh and parents: THERE IS NO KIDS MENU. Luckily, what kid doesn't like french fries or fried chicken. The SERVICE is surprisingly not the fastest, at all. Another luxury one can kindly overlook in exchange for everything else. But the managers and owners walking around should really make it a point to interact with their patrons, especially when there are only 4-5 tables. I have been to busier and more expensive restaurants where the food wasn't the best but the fact that the owner or manager said hello, smiled and interacted with us, made our experience more memorable and eventually led us back there. So be patient fellow yelpers and don't take it personal, the food is that good.
