Went the full 9-rounds with Bistango. It was a saucy battle royale of efficiency and deliciousness. Thankfully, I had Yelp by my side. Here is how it went: Round 1: Finding a restaurant with a good bottled wine selection for a CEO with an extensive amount of wine knowledge, within a specified price point. Round 2: Reservations for 6 people at 7:30 on a Thursday during restaurant week in NYC. In the Flatiron District. Round 3: Interior. Classy and tasteful. They gave us a circular table right up front so we could talk and do business without having to shout down the table. Round 4: Wine. Staff was on their game keeping with proper wine service, and kept the bottles coming. Thanks to them for really delivering on what was easily the most important course of the evening: alcoholic beverages. Round 5: Appetizers. We ordered a margharita pizza, calamari, and the artichoke. The pizza was good, and came in thin-crust full flavor NY-style. Pre-cut for ease of sharing. The artichoke spears were more impressive and unique. Cooked perfectly, and moist with soft leaves of vegetable goodness. Although it was likely cooked in butter and other stick-to-your-artery fats, Bistango made vegetables delicious and so, I applaud them. Round 6: Soups and salads. I didn't order one, but I should have. They looked yummy. Round 7: Dinner. I had the butternut squash ravioli. The portion size was deceptively filling. Like any good optical illusion I'm unsure of how they fooled me, but I suspect it has something to do with the shape of the bowl. It was like something out of an art show. Round 8: Dessert. There is a reason that restaurants give you dessert last. In addition to not wanting you to spoil your appetite (as mom always warned). On a practical level, they want to give the waiter time to get you liquored up before presenting you with a long list of sugary nightcaps. For our table of six people, we ordered eight desserts.... And each one was better than the last....  *sigh* Round 9: They have you on the ropes. Any minute now, your sated hiney will be on the floor full of good food and drink. Yet, they show mercy. They bring you the check and call it a draw. Classy move, Bistango. Until we tango again.
