Every third time that I go to Union League I swear that I'll never go back.  But then I remember the meals that I have had there that have made me think that life for the rich was worth living. Here's some rules that may help: Rule #1: Never go there on a Saturday night, or any time that the Yale parents are in New Haven, or when there is some big attraction going on in town.  The service will be dreadful, the food mediocre, the noise level such that conversation is impossible while you wait (and wait and wait).  With luck, you will come away disappointed.  Last night (Saturday, August 18, 2012) we exited angry.  The maitre put on a long face when I answered his question, "How was everything?" (Anyone who has ever been to France is suspicious when a French maitre pretends to give a damn about the opinion of an American.)   Do, however, go to Union League on a mid-week evening, and particularly if a hurricane is forecast, and you may just have one of those meals that you will remember for a long long time, or at least until you go again during the weekend of the Yale-Harvard football game.     Second tip: Have the spinach salad, which is very good..  They sometimes do very well by fish. Third tip:  Drink the wines that they sell by the glass.  They are invariably good, and not too too expensive.  Avoid the extensive wine list.   As is often the case, "extensive wine list" is a euphemism for "pricey."  We had a 2008 pouilly-fume for $55, which is supposed to be dry, but which was sickly sweet.   Fourth tip: About that dessert souffle pictured in the inset photo on yelp: Avoid it.  Do as I say, not as I do: I have had it umpteen times, always hoping that my recollection was mistaken, and it is consistently below the grade.    They probably have them partially pre-cooked in advance, and the bottom half of the souffle comes out bone dry and of the consistency of yesterday's brownies.  (The souffle comes only in chocolate.)  They serve it with a shot-glass of creme anglaise but it is too little to do the required moistening, and though they say they will bring you more, by that they mean that they will bring you another shot glass of it, though it requires a sauce-boat full, and the odds are that they won't actually get around to producing the shot glass.   New Haven has wonderful ethnic restaurants; maybe you just want to wait for your brasserie food until you get to New York, Boston. . .  Paris?
