When I first tried Brooklyn Star, it was at their previous location (yelp.com/biz/the-brookly…) and it seemed they were still working some of their kinks out. The food I had was decent for NYC standards, though a bit lackluster when compared to the comfort food found down South. On top of that, it felt pricey for my group of hungry Southerners and I but that's just part of the current reality of dining in Brooklyn. Fast forward to their updated location and right away it feels like a different restaurant. Some things haven't changed much (still somewhat pricey, same "small" + "big" dish tapas type menu) and other things have, namely the execution of their seasonal offerings. It's important to note the distinction of Southern versus Southern inspired food, which BK star is now in the latter. The heartiness and simplicity of American comfort food is personified through many of their dishes, though it seems the chefs are incorporating other elements to give the community and palate pleaser chasers, something to nom about. These are all good things and it certainly reflected in everything we ate. Does it get more Southern than a raw kale salad, tossed with raisins, peanuts, bits of cheddar in a lemon vinaigrette? Hardly, but it was delicious and a vegan appropriate dish for many Brooklynites, I'm sure. Big ups to the grilled veal sweet breads, there was a nice crisp on the outside and the juicy bite combined with the salsa verde, hominy among other things kept the heads nodding with a slow chew to savor the taste. Also worthy of mention was the smoked bone marrow, which with their red onion jam and toast points, were a hit. If it were possible to have an entire meal dedicated to this, it would certainly be mine to eat. Mac and cheese is a staple in any comfort food house, but this version, which included bits of bacon within the gooey cheese was a little salty for our liking. I am hoping this was a fluke, along with the spicy fried wings, which were a little dry and skinny to the bone. We should've opted for the fried pig tails instead. Big plates abound, I could not stop eating the grilled trout, served atop of creamed corn, beans, and drizzled with a smoked oyster tomato vinaigrette. The molasses brined pork chop was another hit, juicy to the cut and melt in your mouth chewy to the bite. We were able to savor the hot meatloaf sandwich, which was better as a personal dish than to share, but was nonetheless tasty throughout. Food aside, the one downer of the evening was our lackluster server. It wasn't terribly busy but we couldn't help but think they had a bad day due to the 'tude they were sporting. We knew to order everything immediately and drink our glasses of water slowly, this will often keep the service from disrupting the experience any further. For the return during brunch, the stand out for me was the biscuits, eggs, swimming in a delicious sausage gravy. The masa cakes is also nothing to balk at and the smoked salmon + scrambled eggs + fish roe are a very delicious touch. If none of this sounds appealing, you may find comfort in knowing there is no substitutions of any kind. Vegans, prepare for more salad. Lastly, there is a $20 per person family style fried chicken dinner that I intend on trying the time around. If things keep progressing, which they seem to be, BK Star might just end up being the brightest in Williamsburg.
