Could this be the best Japanese restaurant between New York and the North Pole? First, some intro. We're unabashed food snobs. Lived in San Francisco for 20+ years. Between that and living in and annual visits to Japan (not to mention Japanese wife), we've tasted some pretty amazing Japanese cuisine over the years. Lots of disappointment for Japanese food out here in the northeast. Boston has expensive Japanese-style restaurants - some are even tasty - but none capture the essence of Nippon ryori (cuisine). We've tried many a "Japanese" place up and down New England, hoping to get lucky ... but between the tiger rolls and mayonnaise on rice, were always disappointed. Heck, even my home town of Montreal is terribly lacking in a true, refined and authentic Japanese cuisine. Normally we have to get our fix in New York - and pay the price! It was with this mindset that, driving home from Montreal, we came across San Sai. "San Sai?" asked my commander-in-chief. "That sounds like a real Japanese place ...  they might have some idea about what they are doing." [the owner wrote "San Sai" as 山彩 which means "decoration of the mountain" - though a more common writing of "san sai" = 山菜 refers to cooking using vegetables gathered from the mountains - right at the very core of Japanese cuisine]. And so it was. The most authentic and delicious and refined Japanese cuisine we have ever had north of New York and east of Chicago! Where to begin ... the location is absolutely beautiful. The sunset on Lake Champlain is hard to beat - and you can see it from several tables even indoors. Parking is no problem. And the interior is very much like what you would find in an authentic informal countryside restaurant in Japan. One that city people eagerly drive 3 hours to get to. The service was perfectly fine when we went. Our waiter was new to Japanese food, but learning eagerly. He was friendly, cheerful and attentive. As for the food ... every dish brought back memories of other mountains and other cherished meals over the years ... it was that authentic and delicious! Who would have thought we would find this in Burlington, Vermont? First, the kurage-no sunomono - the crunch of fresh (and tasty) long cucumber slices, meeting the perfectly softened texture of seasoned jellyfish, supported by other vegetable bit players. "So far, A+!" Next, perfectly fried salmon skins in a bed of big green leaves, with a perfectly executed dark soy-based vinaigrette. The kind that's not diluted or sweetened, but has enough character to conduct this beautiful symphony! (we wondered if the shoyu [soya sauce] was in fact barrel-aged for extra flavor). Then came the maguro salad, with negi (green onion) and yuzu miso (another example of no detail left to chance - the white miso - characteristic of Kyoto - has a particularly complex flavor profile (and costs more!)). How one cuts sashimi has a huge effect on taste. This chef cut the flesh of the tuna diagonally at exactly the right angle that it would remain unchewed in the mouth just long enough for our tastebuds to fully experience its taste (and if you think this description is over the top, you haven't talked to enough serious sushi chefs). How about some kama? The most highly prized part of a yellowtail - its cheeks, perfectly grilled and so full of flavor! Executed to perfection! (are we really here, and not in New York, San Fran, or at the Japanese seaside?) There were other dishes, but I would not want to leave out the short but exquisite list of sakes on the menu. "Ji-zake" - pure country sakes, with distinct regional flavors. The rice, pure water and even the yeast in some cases all coming from - and reflecting - one village or town. When we saw ginga shizuku on the list, we couldn't believe our eyes! It is my favorite sake on the planet - hard to find even in New York or Tokyo. Made in Japan's most northern island (Hokkaido), at just the appropriate time, the mash is held in something like cheesecloth, inside an igloo-like building, left all night to naturally soak through the cloth into collecting vehicle, drop by precious drop. "Divine Droplets" ... "Milky Way" ... one hasn't really tasted the full range of sakes unless one has experienced Ginga Shizuku! I usually hate long reviews, but our visit to this restaurant was so exceptional, and moved us so much. I'm not sure how many of the other reviewers have tasted Japanese cuisine in Japan itself, and sometimes it's hard to understand a foreign cuisine without some basis of reference. My wife can attest fully that San Sai offers an incredibly authentic sampling of what a high-level country destination restaurant in Japan would offer - in a country where "locavore" philosophy has always been the foundation of their cuisine. We judge restaurants by how far we would drive to eat there. It's a 5+ hour drive for us. We will certainly be back soon! Kampai!
