This place was amazing. Went with 10 people for a birthday dinner. We were definitely a more loud group but you wouldn't know it given the lively atmosphere of the section we were put in. But I'm getting ahead of myself. The first think to note is that they have round tables for large groups. I cannot explain how happy that made me. Being in the hospitality industry I completely understand the need for restaurants to avoid using round tables to increase the amount of revenue-generating space in their restaurant, but when I see round tables, they automatically get extra points. I LOVE being able to see and speak to everyone at my table, even in large groups. Ok now to the whole service/food aspect of the meal: Service: amazingly hospitable. Serving a rowdy group of 10 celebrating a 20-something birthday party is a feat for any service provider. Serving them all alcohol and food with "service with a smile" and being attentive, responsive and engaging with them I think should qualify them for sainthood. or some sort of Gandhi-esque descriptor. I think we had 2 servers, both of whom were were attractive, very informed and very happy to be engaged in discussions of what was good and how many of each thing we should order. Food: I wish I could remember everything we ordered because I seriously did not have a single thing I didn't like. I know we got a couple rounds of the regular and jalapeno HUMMUS which were amazing. The jalapenos were fresh and not pickled which gave it a different spice than the Sabra stuff I buy from the store (which i also love). Everyone else who has done a review of this restaurant is right: YOU MUST ORDER THE BRUSSEL SPROUTS! What is even more ridiculous is that we got 1 order at the end of the meal and had leftovers and they were STILL GOOD reheated! (granted I did it in the oven rather than the microwave but hey you have to give the food their due process. The brussel sprouts were crisp and savory and not super drenched in oil  and had spices that I loved. A little sweet, a good crunch, a delish savory earthy flavor. With the grapes and the walnuts and the yogurty sauce, it's like what foodie genius came up with this?! AHMAZING! TABBOULEH was very fresh and had a great lemony tang that I really enjoyed. Luckily I haven't had bad tabbouleh but unless it was sitting out for awhile, I'm not really sure how you mess that up. the FASSOULIAH (white bean salad) was also amazing. Don't think they used canned but if they did props to them. ARNABEET MEKLE (cauliflower) was also fantastic. It says it uses red chili but no one should be scared off by it. The heat from these chilis comes from the seeds but this was just more a peppery flavor enhancer. CHEESE ROLLS were not standard at all which means they were so much better. They are small bite-size pieces but they give you a decent amount (though its possible we got a double order and it came out on 1 plate). Something about greek style cheese just makes it a million times more delish than the stupid mozzarella sticks you can get anywhere else. Well the cheese and the Philo dough. WARM EGGPLANT: Growing up an Indian girl, I was force-fed a lot of eggplant as a kid that I hated. I have a great appreciation for the veggie now. This dish is by far one of the best eggplant dishes I have ever encountered. Cooked eggplant is typically really mushy and I still struggle with the consistency but this was so different. It was thinly sliced and had more of a cooked morel mushroom consistency. A little oilier when you recook but still so tasty. I am also partial to tamarind anything as an Indian girl. Oddly enough the FALAFEL was probably the least incredible thing on the menu but its worth it to note that I still enjoyed it. My mother makes hands down the best falafel possible for a non-Middle Eastern person and Ilili's rank third behind Taim's falafels. I might be a bit of a snob about falafel but well that's why I yelp. OK I know I went on and on about the vege items but we did order meat and fish as well! The BLACK IRON SHRIMP was well cooked and seasoned but kind of limited in comparison with everything else I ate. Probably would have loved it if I didn't have anything else but who goes to a Medi restaurant and only orders shrimp? TUNA BELLY was so rich but small enough bites to share and be content with a bite since there was so much other food coming. The lamb of the KAFTA was amazing but I didn't eat the beef the first time around. When I recooked it, it was a little too tough for my taste. If KAFTA on the menu is actually a combo of ground lamb and beef then I'm not talking about it. I am then referring to  the KEBOBS. Sorry, it definitely got to a point where I had no idea what I was tasting. I think it was the DUCK SHAWARMA that we ordered that came in these buns that reminded me of the buns used for pork buns? Sooo good! Well cooked and seasoned with spices and sauces that were well matched.
