I am in NYC for my 1st time!!! So, my son took me here, he wants to know what do I think of this place. It's a pretty good Ramen for sure but I'd like to express, dollar for dollar, this Ramen didn't get me  "Wow!" nor "OMG!" than any other Ramen I had before. You know, there are super duper Ramen. Ramen is a culture especially in Hakata, Japan. There is a long Ramen history in Hakata that you'll never know. In the Ramen history, Ippudo is still green also a chain-ramen-store, I must say. You know, a chain-ramen-store in Hakata is a low level ramen. I think 16 bucks is pretty too high for a bowl of Ramen anyhow. It's about 7 bucks In Hakata Japan, about 8 bucks in Tokyo and Osaka. ippudo.com/store/data/03… In NYC, Akamaru Modern w/ Mentaiko-Don set, $28 (it's 230% more than Japan) The Akamaru Modern, thin straight egg noodle was al dente, "tonkotsu" (pork) soup topped with ippudo's Kara-miso (hot -miso-paste), pork chashu, cabage, sesame kikurage mushrooms, scallions, and fragrant garlic oil, extra 2 dollars for a half of Nitamago, seasoned salt boiled egg Mentaiko-Don, cod roe over rice: yelp.com/biz_photos/ippu… The combo was I thought a good deal, but compare with the price and the size of combo is .... I felt like very pricy meal I was having but it should not be. Ramen is not a high-end meal. I think you'll not going to know the "feeling" without any experience having a good ramen in Japan. I think this is totally wrong. Karaka Men, $18 w/the boiled egg Ippudo's special blend of hot spices w/the original "tonkotsu" soup, thin straight egg noodle was al dente, topped with pork chashu, sesame kikurage mushrooms, cabbage, onion, minced pork, and scallions. My son had this one. I liked the good hot and spicy broth not over powering the whole Ramen. But 18 bucks? Reasoning for a pricy Ramen. The place must be paying for such a high rent. Also, why a Ramen place needs a receptionist to begin with? Huh? Waitstaffs are necessary, I know that but receptionist? And there was a host who just take you to your table who was not a waitstaff, just guide you to table. So, you are paying for the middle-man fee to have a bowl of Ramen. Don't get me wrong, I had a great experience here eating a Not too bad Ramen even though I saw a few Latino cooks in the kitchen, but I am saying that the place is, "one time is enough" kind of place. Well, I got to be honest, seeing Latino cooks in the kitchen, no offense but my appetite went down to 45%. And it says on the menu that the place started business in Hakata since 1985, that means that Ippudo is a newcomer in Hakata. I am pretty sure that there are old school Hakatakko does not care of Ippudo very much. Hakatakko is a kind of people who is the most stubborn, difficult and dickhead for Ramen in Japan. They don't eat any other Ramen but Hakata Ramen. If Hakatakko says Meh, the Ramen is Meh. I didn't know anything about Ippudo before so, I had to ask few guys from Hakata. Hakata-Style Ramen is 'Love' or 'Hate' kind of Ramen anyway. Ramen should be treated as a slice of pizza, not like a high-end cuisine. So It should not be so expensive, that is my point. I am pretty sure that the hype will be gone soon or later, as Sushi, foot massage, pho, Viet-sandwich, dumplings, froyo, Izakaya-style and Boba-ice tea. I know that it's not fair to compare with Panda express but, Chain-Ramen places are not for real Ramen lovers to go, period. Ken K. says, "Nobu-san, Ippudo is also in Hong Kong, but the true Japanese food experts over there even do not eat Ippudo if they are in Japan (or skip the Ippudo headquarters). This is a chain after all, but a successful one. I suppose that is not as stupid crazy as RaSuperMen or RaIronMan in Hong Kong, where US$50 a bowl of ramen includes Alaskan King Crab or A5 Kagoshima Wagyu!!!" Pinky And The B. from Manhattan, NY says, "I knew I liked you! Yelp doesnt like you for telling the truth! Most of the ding dong Elites in NYC are not from NYC and are clueless!  If their friends say it is the best they do too! Thanks for telling the truth!" Yes, Truth hurts.
