Oh, Sunday, the day before the dreaded work week starts.  A day on which people are hung over and hating themselves from the night before.  A day on which Scarpetta reservations are wide open.  And who am I to decline a spontaneous dinner invitation with friends? They arrived first and were waiting for us at the bar.  When we walked in, the four of us were promptly ushered to our table, a comfy corner booth where even the chairs are padded.  Mmmm, padding.  One of us requested a vegetarian menu, another a wine recommendation, the other was happily eating the SANDWICH that comes in the complimentary bread basket.  All wishes were fulfilled. I was hungry and it took a while to get our food.  Good company or not, bring it on!  Everyone licked their appetizer plates clean... except for me.  The cured arctic char was a bit bland, I was expecting much better.  The short ribs my boyfriend had were amazing and tender and falling apart.  Next was the entree.  I had the farfalle and I cannot stop thinking about it.  I want it in my mouth.  Now.  Best pasta I've had.  It had body.  It was slightly chewy and buttery and meaty and amazing.  My boyfriend said his squid ink pasta was also the best pasta he's eaten.  Our friend could not stop saying just how tender her pork tenderloin was, thus aptly named.   The desserts will definitely not be forgotten.  A selection of cheeses that our friend literally licked clean with her fingers.  A chocolate bombe that was delightful.  Chocolate cake with orange-caramel sorbet -- very inventive and delicious.  And my own personal dessert, the ice cream sandwich, which is awesome in its own right because I get to eat with my fingers... not something my boyfriend often lets me do at nice establishments such as this.   We were done with our meal and had already discussed how good our meals were about 4 times and still did not have our check or even our plates cleared.  We were having a good time but it was getting late and I wanted to get home to crash out for Monday.  Waiting, waiting, finally it comes.  Maybe they forgot about us because we were in the corner, but, regardless, it was frustrating.  For a dinner for 4, with a bottle of wine, 3 courses, and additional drinks, the bill came to less than $400.  Not bad at all.  We paid and headed on out.  No one said goodbye or acknowledged us when we left.  Come on, people, don't you watch Kitchen Nightmares? A big 5 stars for the food. 3.5 for the service. Terminator references aside, I'll be back.
