Great place to dine if you do not mind the loud crowd. Maybe cuz it was Thursday nite and the younger 'uns were out and about lol.  My sister and her two kids came along and it was quite deafening as the restaurant was catering to several large parties in excess of 12+ people. We had 6 adults and 2 toddlers and getting our order was a bit challenging since they were out of 3 items I had asked for on the menu. The squid appetizer, some kind of fish head curry (I guess they were out of certain ingredients for the dish) and the thai chicken-  either they were out or the server was trying to steer me away from it, I'll never know. We got the canai roti and that was pretty good, my nieces loved pulling the roti apart and eating them as is with no curry sauce. We also got the satay and a side order of fried intestines an awesome local delicacy.  One thing we noticed were the sauces. They were either very sweet or rather salty. Our selected dishes comprised of the Curry noodle soup with tau foo, Beef rendang, Green clay pot curry with spicy vegetables, Duck and Ginger on scallion rice and the Captains rice noodle for the kids.  All were very savory and heavily sauced which was good (on it's own) but also made everything taste similar to each other and offered no differentiation or individuality.   The only sort of savior was the bland white steamed rice which I personally ate to cleanse my palate. Heck, even my iced coffee (which is normally sweet by the way) could have spelled death to a diabetic lol.  Food- 3 out of 5 Service- well, being that there were 3 large parties at the time, I will go a little easy, but we weren't checked on as often as we'd have liked. I asked for more napkins since we had kids around making a mess, I got one. Yes one. And she gave it to me. Language barrier or was it just deafeningly loud in there?  Okay. I'm gonna go easy. 2 out of 3. Maybe it was our server. And nope, we didn't see her at the end of our meal. I guess she left early or she wasn't part of the closing shift. We still tipped at 19% anyhoos. We didn't ask for any dessert and simply asked for the check. We got prompt service from another server since our server left for the night... I wish we got this guy instead, our experience could have been better but they still need to ease up on the salt and sugar!  The food was sooooo heavy and savory that it made the complimentary oranges taste like honey, lol. Would I go again? Maybe. But with a Malaysian friend next time who speaks the lingo. Easy on the salt please. Easy on the salt and sugar, and don't even think about the msg. I'm still thirsty and dinner was 2 hours ago!!!
