This place was good. I had my usual soy ramen. I base my opinion of all ramen places on this first, then if I like it go back for the other, more unique dishes. If a place can't handle a decent soy ramen then why bother. This place was good. Also the waiter there was awesome. She took care of everything quickly and brought extras sauces and things that she thought I might like. The Ramen: The Broth: It was solid, I would give it a 6 or 7 out of 10. It had a nice flavor, it was salty, and you could taste a clear soy taste. That said I dont think there was anything there that would make it particularly unique. The Noodle: The choice was interesting. They were using noodles that I am accustom to seeing in Hong Kong noodle soups in Chinatown. I happen to love that. They are smaller and have a harder texture. I think this makes the ramen stand out a bit. 8.5 out of 10 The Pork: The pork was fatty and relatively thick. It fell apart in the bowl and although it added some variety to the noodles I dont think it was anything special. I give it a 5 out of 10 The Other Parts: The bowl also had an egg sliced in half which was nice. It was not hard boiled or soft boiled but that nice creamy middle area. It was simple, nice, filling and not overwhelming. They had some chopped scallions but I dont think they really were special in any way. The bamboo shoots were mild in flavor but not particularly unique. Lastly they had a spicy oil with bits of fried garlic mixed in. This was good enough that my mouth waters thinking about it. I give the total of these four things a 7.5 out of 10. I think that this bowl of ramen was filling and good. At $12 for a lunch time ramen I think they could have brought a little more creativity to it one more Item that packs a flavor unique to them. That said, I have seen places that put together a much cruder bowl trying to be unique. This was solid. I would be happy to have a place like this in my neighborhood. I will have to go back and try what else they have to offer.
