Dear Philadelphia, Today at work I asked my friend what I should eat for lunch. She suggested "The meatball store." To which I responded "There is no meatball store. Read a book." She took it upon herself to find the yelp link to this wonderful, magical place, and upon reading my butt subsequently fell off in fantastic shock. This was a dream come true, and was exactly what I wanted. I promptly drop-kicked my computer, told my coworkers that there was an emergency, and vaulted out of the window. A few moments later I arrived, sweaty and crazed with passion, to this unique establishment. After unshirting myself to seem less wet and putrid, I approached the tall, friendly looking owner. He greeted me with a smile that would shame your grandfather, and asked if I had ever been there before. I must have used words (which didn't seem possible since I was breathing so heavily) to convey that I had not, because he answered "Well, we sell meatballs." Yes, this was the right place. My journey was almost complete. After explaining my list of options, I ordered a traditional pork meatball (4) on a hoagie roll with mushroom sauce, some sort of aged cheese, and broccoli rabbe on top. He made it with lightning speed and handed me my new hot food baby with the grace of a powdered snow leopard carrying its young. I unwrapped my new pride and joy, burned my fingers a little, and took my first bite. Oh. Oh my god. Oh my good sweet dear god. My entire mouth began to weep. My tongue found its new god. My tastebuds began to sing a song unheard of by human ears. My cheeks couldn't get closer to the food. My stomach began to murder my diaphragm in an effort to reach the food sooner. All that I knew that was good in the world suddenly plummeted out of my mind to make room for this new and terrifying thing that my body had found. After finishing the first half of my religious experience, I promptly feel asleep at my table. When I awoke, the store was closed and I had a small, hand-stitched blanket around my shoulders that smelled of sweet grandmothers. In front of me was a glass of milk, a cookie, and a small card. I reached out and touched it, feeling the fine fabric of its makers. It had a word printed on it, but it was without ink, only an impression had been left behind. I ran my thumb over it and made out its message. "Love" it said.
