when my brother told me he was going to Rubirosa i said I'm so in i heard such great things about this place and let me tell you  i was super impressed . The restaurant is so cute and the staff were very friendly and so helpful . We started out with a few appetizers to share from mozzarella sticks ,rice balls and the fried calamari everything was delicious and so tasty and seasoned well .   As for our entrees we decided to order 3 pies to share we picked the classic with pepperoni but it wasn't Ur regular pepperoni this  pepperoni are imported from Italy and have a kick to it . Pie number 2 was the vodka pizza with Italian sausages that was my favorite and simply amazing taste . Our 3rd pie was another classic thin crust pizza with meatballs and it's sauce is perfect  not too sweet and not  salty. so can you say delicious in so many ways we were all so please with all 3 pies  . Don't worry the 3 pies were split into 8 people don't think it was  just us 2 lmao . Everyone was so happy with the food and the the waiters were quick and near by which we liked in case you needed something . Our next session was the dessert portion here was where i went crazy lol .I ordered the flour less chocolate cake with salted caramel gelato omg was that good . we also ordered zeppoles with a chocolate hazelnut dipping sauce can you say fat girl heaven i did lol . they also ordered cannoli which the shells are homemade and special house cannoli cream so tasty and it wasn't a extreme sweet taste it was just perfect lots of places the cannoli cream is way too sweet .There cappucinos,espresso,lattes and americano coffees were a big hit as well .   Our visit to Rubirosa was  5 stars from beginning to end . Everything was just amazing and everyone at our table was  so pleased. We are planning our next trip back asap . Rubirosa  was a big hit but if you are going to try to eat here make reservations . They were packed for A Monday night it was crazy i never seen so many people waiting for a table on a Monday night . Why because it just that good. we even saw  the news anchor from channel 5 Julie Chang who was dinning there with some friends . so i cant wait to return to Rubirosa for dinner again it was a excellent meal and i here brunch is also good here as well
