This was extremely disappointing, especially given other reviews. My wife and me routinely drive up broad when visiting my parents and the neon of Max's, and the lines, have always beckoned to us. Usually visits to my parents involve gluttony, so we're never hungry enough to just stop by. After years of this siren-steak call we decided to make a special trip. My steak was slightly better than average - something on par with a decent pizza shop steak. The meat was burnt and I think dry. The comments about huge, stuffed sandwiches must have been made by Europeans, it was relatively thin. The roll was nice, as were the peppers, but they weren't special. The provolone was good - better than average. It was a 3 star sandwich. Pleasant, a bit light on ingredients and not memorable. I think it's another place that doesn't understand what a cheese steak is; using a slightly better grade of meat doesn't really improve a cheese steak - you're slicing or, hopefully, chopping the meat into small pieces to tenderize it and when you do that, the type of meat just isn't that meaningful. The point of the cheese steak is to serve a cheap sandwich and make the cheaper meat tasty - with grease! This was dry and a little burnt. The reason for the lower stars is value - that sandwich didn't justify the high pricing. Let's get real here - pats and geno's can get away with high prices because they're tourist spots and in high traffic areas. This is a dive in north Philly. $8 for that steak is ridiculous and the sandwich certainly didn't justify a special effort. They're doing a brisk business, so clearly others view it differently - but a lot of people also paid money to see Titanic. Service was slow and the place is a dive. I like dives, but be advised that's what it is. There was a bar attached playing awesome mo-town and that was the best thing to say for the place. The area was quite safe and the folks commenting that it's the middle of a ghetto probably aren't very familiar with high crime areas. It's right off of broad in a high traffic, high visibility area. Yes - there are poorer folks than center city and they're black. No - you probably won't get stabbed. The folks in and around the building were friendly and our bike got lots of attention.
