Went to Dover last night for dinner with my brother and two friends. We had an 8:30pm reservation, and were seated right away in the middle of the restaurant, which was fun because you could see everything that was happening. The waitstaff is still getting themselves used to everything, which is kind of obvious, but they do a great job nonetheless. The food was really great! A couple of amuse bouches, including an amazing root vegetable soup that I wanted to swim in. The loaf of bread with fresh ricotta was also a great way to start. We got brought two bread plates for the four of us, which was more than sufficient, but we tore through them. Then after they had cleared them away, a waiter accidentally brought us a third. I tried to tell them to take it back bc we didn't need it, but then my brother started eating it, so we go tmore bread! Yum! For the meal we ordered a couple of each courses to split amongst ourselves. Started with the hamachi (really delicious) and the caviar pie (amaaaaaaaaaaaaazing, especially on some of that extra bread they brought). Then we had cauliflower (very good, but not my favorite), pork belly (my brother said ti was mediocre), and the squid ink tagliatelle. The tagliatelle was just absolutely phenomenal. I dreamed about it last night and wish I had another bowl right next to me now. I want to go back and order that, a cocktail, and the endive salad once a week for the rest of my life. For the mains we got the lobster (very tasty, but a bit overly salted. Also in my mind lobster is best just boiled with melted butter), duck (my brother gave it a thumbs down), and lamb ribs (people licked the plate clean). I fought for dessert, and of course was right. We got one blackout cake with beet ice cream and everyone was falling over themselves. Wine was good, but I think a bit overpriced. A couple of cheaper bottles would be nice. Overall it was a really great night. I can't wait to go back... although I'll have to let my bank account recover first.
