I went here for the first time with a friend who had been here several times before and she gave it rave reviews. We ordered the bruschetta to start. It came on a pizza crust rather than individual crostini. The tomatoes had no flavor at all and the whole thing lacked seasoning--fresh herbs, garlic, salt...ANYTHING. It was dribbled with balsamic vinegar but that just made the crust salty. Next, salad, included with pasta. Just plain romaine lettuce. Crisp, I'll give them that but plain. Vinaigrette was over the top acidic. Dotted with a few cucumber slices and anemic cherry tomatoes. We both ordered the rigatoni dish, which came with a choice of chicken or shrimp (14.50) or both (18.50). It was supposed to be served with a white wine sauce but again, it was disappointing, lacking any seasoning. Just a few tomatoes which were probably canned and a few limp leaves of what was probably once basil. The shrimp on my dish looked well cooked and was very pink and appetizing. However, it too disappointed. It was tough and dry and left an unpleasant aftertaste in my mouth. I tried a piece of chicken on my friends plate (same dish, remember) and it too was lacking. I noted this to the waitress when she eventually came to our table, while another waitress attended to other tables, who were probably getting better, more attentive service. I ordered the plain spaghetti and meatballs (11.00) to go and she took the rigatoni off the bill. On my way to the car, the paper bag the spaghetti container was in became soaked with the liquid of the dish and broke, spilling watery liquid on my legs. I went back to the restaurant and asked for it to be repackaged this time in a plastic bag. I ate the spaghetti a few hours later and it too was uninspired. Lots of noodles you could buy at the grocery store and minimal sauce. Meatballs (2) were pallid. All in all, this place at least needs to learn how to use salt and other herbs to freshen up their food. Definitely will not be returning. Also, there is a weird pricing structure when it comes to building your own pasta so that anything simple adds up rather quickly. Also to be missed: complimentary garlic knots and mini baguettes which are served with butter, rather than the more traditional condiment of olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
