Having visited the club/bar downstairs a few nights prior and feeling like a total uncoordinated dork for not being able to keep up with the amazing dancing happening, I felt it would be appropriate to return to L&C to do something I knew I'd be good at - getting drunk and stuffing my face at their new Sunday Funday Brady Brunch. The space upstairs seats about 30 with some comfortable booth seats. Wasn't overcrowded and we didn't have to wait for a table when we arrived at 1pm. Good music, a few throwbacks and guests have the option of contributing to the playlist. My friends and I started with some day drinking, a constant on this visit to NY from HK. They ordered Bloody Chan's (L&C's version of the bloody mary) which was spicy - they liked it, and ordered 2nds. I ordered the L'Inglese which was dericiously refreshing. We shared the Bistecca e uova (steak & eggs), Vegetali alla griglia (veggie & eggs skillet - with eggs on the side), and Casseruola d'uova (sausage and egg skillet). Each entree came with focaccia flatbread - a baby triangle carb mountain on a bread board - gently browned and glistening with butter, sprinkled with minced garlic and herbs. Most of us skipped this in efforts to stick to paleo (alcohol is paleo friendly in ourbooks, to maintain sanity) but they shouted my name. Alas, my willpower was strong - flatbread 0, carmen 1. The veggies were a mix of broccoli rabe and brussel sprouts and were seasoned exceptionally well and devoured quickly. We were sharing a portion amongst 4 people (#beenazn) on top an entree each, so we wish we had ordered MOAR. The sausage and egg skillet was in a nice tomato sauce with big chunks of mozzarella mixed in - like eating a saucy crustless sausage pizza for breakfast, so good. Overall, I liked the place and would be back if I was looking for an easy low key place in LES for brunch with a small group of friends or day drinking (ALWAYS). Good chill place to spend a Sunday. BONUS: Drink tokens! If you have to wait, and after we paid our bill, each guest gets a wooden drink token for a free Bloody Chan on the next visit. Who says no to free booze, good music, and dericious brussel sprouts?
