The California burger craze has taken over NYC. Despite 2 hour lunch waits and up-to-4 hour dinner waits, UMAMI burger is most certainly worth it. Located in Greenwich Village on 6th Ave and 10th, they are serving up insanely delicious, high quality burgers for reasonable prices. The sides are perfect (and under $5) and their cocktails are on point. The best thing I had at UMAMI: The Truffle Burger, made with a blend of beef, house truffle cheese, a truffle glaze and garlic aioli. It comes medium-rare (as do all of their burgers) and is amazing. The burger is cooked to burger perfection and is juicy and tender and bursting with flavors from the truffle mushrooms and cheese glaze. It will most likely make all other burgers after you try this one seem sub-par. Their Portuguese style buns are hot, squishy and buttery, and are branded with their "U" logo. This burger comes to a tie to my favorite at The Brindle Room. Try both and let me know which you think takes the cake... It will be a hard call. The Manly Burger was also good made with beer-cheddar cheese, smoked salt-onion strings and bacon. Enough said...right? We dined with a group so naturally ordered pretty much every starter on the menu to accompany our burgers: Truffle Fries, Make Em' Manly Fries, Fried Pickles, Tempura Onion Rings and Cheesy Tots (on their secret menu). The Truffle Fries were by far the best, and I thoroughly enjoyed the Fried Pickles and Onion Rings along with the trio of dipping sauces served alongside. If you make your way to the heavenly home of UMAMI, do it right and get cocktails. And by cocktails I mean their Bloody Mary. I ordered a peach cocktail and loved it because my drink was great and contained half a peach wedge... but their Bloody Mary was the best I've ever had. UMAMI has an UN-BEEF menu for the vegetarians out there, and lots of ultra creative options for you adventurous eaters, such as their 5 Spice Duck Burger with house ground duck, peach apple chutney, Chinese 5 spice, and Madagascar pepper, topped with crispy duck skin and garlic aioli on a bed of caramelized fennel. Get here New Yorkers, ASAP. You won't be disappointed.
