Delicious noodles! I came here with my girlfriend and a friend for a cheap, yet delicious dinner in Chinatown. We ordered a variety of items - Fried Dumplings, Fujanese Fish Ball Soup, House Special Hand Pulled Noodles #1, Roast Duck Hand Pulled Noodles and Duck Pan Fried Noodles. All of the items were delicious! We made sure to order different types of noodles with each of the noodle soups so that we can get a taste for all of the different kinds that they offer here. I normally dislike fried dumplings. Whenever there's a steamed option, I go for it. My friend insisted they were delicious, though, so I gave them a try. These fried dumplings were amazing. They weren't dried out inside at all, they crispy on the outside and very, very juicy on the inside! I haven't had fried dumplings like this ever before. Order these for sure - especially if you don't normally enjoy fried dumplings. They may give you a new perspective on the dish. The Fujanese Fish Ball Soup was unlike anything I've ever tried before! Their Fujanese fish balls actually have pork inside! I never knew that was an option. It was a welcome surprise and made the normally average fish balls have a different taste than usual. The soup that they were in was pretty simple, there were no noodles and the broth wasn't particularly amazing. Everything here is so cheap, though, so if you're at all interested in trying pork stuffed fish balls, I would give it a try. We ordered the House Special Hand Pulled Noodles #1 with the Regular Hand Pulled Noodles. The broth in soup was by far the best out of any soup we ordered. It was very, very flavorful, you can tell that it absorbed the flavor of the oxtail, beef, tripe and tendon. All of the different cuts of meat were tender and were delicious! I'm salivating right now just thinking of a spoonful of noodles with a piece of oxtail! I would definitely recommend giving this one a try - not only was the broth good, but it also gives you a variety of the different cuts of meat restaurant offers. Next was the Roast Duck Hand Pulled Noodles with Knife Cut Noodles. To be totally honest, the broth was a dud, the duck was good, but the reason I'm even going into detail on this dish at all was the Knife Cut Noodles. They were really, really good. Each noodle has a unique shape from the knife and they come in different widths and lengths as well. You can really taste the fresh dough they used to make these since you have such a variety of shapes and sizes. I think next time my soup of choice will be the House Special #1 with these Knife Cut Noodles. By the end of the meal we were essentially making this dish ourselves: we took a spoonful of broth from the House Special #1 and combined it with the Knife Cut Noodles. Awesome combination! Our last entree was the Roast Duck Pan Fried Noodles with Wide Hand Pulled Noodles. I really enjoyed the wide noodles. They were tasty and were an interesting departure from the regular noodles in the House Special #1. They still couldn't compare with the Knife Cut Noodles, though. The main attraction of this dish, though, is the meat. The pieces of duck here were very good! Not too fatty and they had a nice, crisp skin while still having tender meat. If you're not in the mood for a soup dish, this would be my choice for sure. It's a great contrast to the wet, but not soggy, texture of the soup dishes that can get repetitive. Being able to split a soup and a pan fried dish with a friend or significant other really helps break up the monotony. Heck, compared to prices elsewhere in the city, you could just order both yourself and still be saving money. Food wise, everything was great. I highly recommend ordering the fried dumplings, the House Special #1 with Knife Cut Noodles and the Roast Duck Pan Fried Noodles with whichever noodles that seem interesting. Unfortunately, ambiance-wise, the dining area is very dingy. I'm tempted to suggest takeout, but I'm not sure how they would package the noodles with the soup and I'm worried if you have to travel longer than 5-10 minutes if the food would be soggy by the time you got home. I think I'm going to try this next time and I'll let everyone know how it goes.
