I normally don't go back to a restaurant once I have had a bad experience, but I have to admit I gave The Sushi several chances. This place is near us and there are not many Japanese places nearby. My wife and I initially went in to eat lunch here on one occasion and the food took 30 minutes to arrive, they brought the wrong appetizer and when we told them we had to leave an needed the check, they took another 15 minutes to bring the check. 

I decided that this could have been just one bad day or whatever and since there aren't many Japanese restaurants nearby and I love the food, we continued to order from them. On another occasion they did not provide part of the bento box we ordered. However, on the most recent occasion, which is the last time I patronize this business, they were incredibly rude to me. My wife ordered two bento boxes which come with salads. The salads were not included and she did not realize this until she got home. She called right away and was told to come pick up the salads. She had a cold at the time and did not want to drive back out to get them. She explained this and the woman helping her named "Mia" hung up on her. I decided to call back and was given several excuses about how she was new and did not know the salad came from the kitchen etc. I asked her for a refund on our credit card and she offered a $2 credit! Literally $2 off for the inconvenience. I was not satisfied and asked for a manager, she then stated in a frustrated tone "oh my god!" and hung up on me! I called back and asked her why she hung up on me, she did not answer me but said her manager was there. I spoke to a manager by the name of Scott and informed him of how rude she was and that we would NEVER be coming back to their business. He apologized but did not offer anything to make the situation better.

In closing, if you want to eat at a place that takes 30 minutes to serve food, frequently forgets items from your meal, hangs up on you when you want to complain and provides overall bad customer service......this is the place for you I guess.