ok i understand the they have to act rude and i love role play like that its fun and thats why i wanted to go there, but they went to far with me about something i didnt apreciate.. i was expecting them to be rude to you and orders you to sit down or what ever in that way... well with me the bartender (we only had 2 beers) was nor rude nor nice haha.. just normal.. but ok.. nothing really special happened, and i was hoping for some fun, but that didnt happen.. fun only seemed to happen with the people that came to eat... but then the moment came i wanted to pay for the drinks... so i give my creditcard to the bartender.. he puts it in his pocket and goes attend other people.. haha ok i tot, its a joke... so it first was ok for me as his role is to be rude i tot... but then i waited 5 minutes... he still didnt let me pay.. then he took out my creditcard out of his pocket and said "this is yours right?" ok so this is still part of the joke.. now i just wanted to pay and get out of there.. but he put it back in his pocket and went of.. he started to go away from the bar and bring drinks to peoples tables and at one point i didnt even know where he was... all this with my creditcard in his pocket.. i didnt like this at all...im on a holiday and that is my money, the only creditcard i have.. that is not something to joke around with.. what if my creditcard breaks.. then what do i do?? and sorry, i dont trust anybody with my creditcard, especially not if they take it and leave the bar where i cannot see them... so i got really nervious and started even to have sweaty hands of it.. i started to get upset and i didnt know how to responde... then when he came back he saw my face and he finally made me pay and gave me back my creditcard... i dont know, but i dont think this a joke anymore and i dont think they should do these kind of jokes with peoples money..... in some way i dont even know if this is something bartenders can do?? i think dicks, that you should think a little bit before pulling jokes like that... because it wasnt funny anymore... i was first planning on eating there but this killed it for me totally.. and it was also a bit of expensive to eat there, so this was a no no after this... what i did really like was that you can take the beer glasses with you and they were really funny...