I went to this buffet at around 7 and after reading all the awesome reviews I was really looking forward to it. I'm not sure what the deal was but almost everything was absolutely not worthy of the rating it has right now. 

There's a decent selection of food, from Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican and uh, steaks.

The steaks were really hit and miss. If it was rare enough then it wasn't bad, but it wasn't really seasoned enough so prepare to drown it in Au jus or gravy. Every other time it was an extremely well done piece of leather. When you accompany that with wrong labelling (ie. Kobe Roast Beef which was just regular roast beef [an extremely lean one at that]) you have an even worse experience. 

The Italian pastas and pizza were okay. They were probably my favourite, but I didn't really want to load up on tortellini all night.  The brocelini was really good. 

The Japanese was also hit and miss. If you don't eat any of the rice, then the fish alone wasn't bad. They had tuna and salmon nigiri and a handful of mixed rolls and viet fresh rolls. The thing that bothered me most was the nigiri rice. It's not the right type of rice, it isn't seasoned properly and it's shaped with some sort of rice ball machine that makes it taste like rice paste afterwards. The seaweed salad was pretty good though.

I honestly didn't touch the Chinese and in terms of the Mexican, the paella just had the taste of salted rice, and the slew of poached fish was extremely dry and overdone as well.  I didn't try the made to order tacos.   

The crab legs come in king and snow varieties. I'm not sure if this is their fault, but I found them kinda powdery in terms of texture. Maybe it's because I think they use a band saw or something to cut them in half. 

There was a nice selection of deserts ranging from ice cream to cakes to flans. In my opinion the flans were way too sweet, the cakes had no personality (cheesecake tasted like cream and the tiramisu tasted like crappy coffee and nuts with cream).  The macarons (not macaroons btw) looked and tasted like they came out of a box and were the hardest things in the world. 

Either way, I didn't exactly pay for this dinner as it was a comp. at 37 dollars, I would NEVER recommend anyone pay this for a mediocre buffet. Unless you can prove me otherwise I would advise to stay away.