Let me start by saying that to get 1 star from me is hard.  I will give anyone a chance (or 2, off nights happen to the best of us), but I have never been so disappointed  in Mexican food as I was last night.  And this was not the first time I've been to Los Olivos.  We were regulars for a very long time (even organizing office Christmas parties there), but the quality of the food, the taste of the food, the service and the employees dedication has taken a severe nose dive over the last few years.  But having not been in about 2 years I stupidly thought I would give it another chance with the hopes that changes in staff and time would have made the experience better.

For a restaurant THAT close to a spring training facility, they should be striving to be the best and attract the clientele that will come back year after year. Word of mouth is key in Scottsdale to keeping a business going.  You can have a flashy restaurant, fancy chef, but if the food and service sucks, no one will go.

I have been here MANY times over the years and last night was THE most dreadful.  To start with the guy taking names at the front was totally disinterested in being there.  I spelled my name for him and he still spelled it wrong.  When I corrected him he ignored me.  I spelled it again and he gave me a blank stare and said kind of half-assed "sorry", but didn't change it and continued his riveting conversation with the bus boy that he must have felt I  interrupted.

 We were seated in the back room by the patio and ignored for 10 minutes (no menus, no drinks).  Our waitress was obviously slammed because we saw her running back and forth the whole time covering the inside and the patio and another dining room.

The noise level was the loudest it has ever been.  The salsa was all tomato water and no substance.  The "fresh lime margarita" had almost no tequila and the strongest taste of bottled lime juice ever.

The food was awful.  We ordered a cheese crisp and my daughter took one bite and said it was gross.  I tried it and she was right.  The oil coming off the cheese was immense and the tortilla was burnt.  I brushed off the bad cheese crisp, thinking (hoping) it was just an off night, but when I got my Steak Picado, the beans and rice were the worst I've ever had.  The rice was dry, tasteless and clumped together.  The beans were crusty and had no flavor.  But they did have a huge puddle of oil forming on the top.

The steak was fine, but after having tried the rice and beans my stomach hurt and I couldn't eat.  

My husband ordered the Mexican pizza and he had the same puddle of oil on his.  He asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in tomatoes.  The meat was fine, but again the tortilla was burnt.

The friend we brought with us barely touched her burrito.  We were all unsatisfied.  I was even more upset when I got a $60+ bill after telling the waitress we were unhappy.

I will never go back.  I was willing to give them another chance last night, but there are way better restaurants to choose from and spend less money at for really good food.