Moving to the Phoenix area was a shock to begin with and it has been difficult finding truly great Thai food establishments, especially in the far East Valley. However, of all the places I have tried, which is nearly 15 in just under 2 years, Papaya Thai on University Dr. in Mesa is the absolute WORST! 

I am a HUGE fan of all styles of Thai Food. I've traveled throughout Asia on more than one occassion, taught English in China and spent years seeking out authentic eateries in the Asian-based areas of this country's biggest Metropolitan cities. Thai food holds a special place in my heart, but never have I been as disappointed as I was with my experience at Papaya Thai!

If Papaya Thai was worth the words, I would gladly go into more detail about the atmosphere, the menu and the quality-to-value ratio, as I do with my other reviews... 

However, there's really not much to say about this dark and dirty hole-in-the-wall next to the Dollar Store. The service isn't worth the price of tipping, the food is as hit-and-miss as it gets and the owner couldn't care less if he loses a customer, which, judging by the fact that not a single person came in during the entire 45 minutes I was there on a Tuesday during prime mealtime, is something he must excel at! 

For the record, I haven't sent a food item back due to an issue in over 4 years. Unfortunately, Papaya Thai effectively ruined that streak for me...and on their signature "Pad Thai" noodle dish, nonetheless! 

The sad part is that what I got in return, besides a table-side confrontation from a rude, know-it-all cook (who told me I could not order the Pad Thai there anymore!), was even worse!!!

Simply put, I won't be back. If the food was even half-decent, I would have gladly chocked the experience up to an unfortunate coincidence and happily given it another shot. However, only 1 of the 3 entrees we tried (a chicken curry dish) was even edible and the prices they demand are among the highest of all such restaurants in the area! 

There are many, much better places in the area to spend your hard earned cash at if you crave the taste of Thai food! 

Avoid Papaya Thai!