I would like to say first that my 1 star does not reflect the food available at this buffet at all, entirely the service. That being said that food is not much different than many other high end buffets offered on the strip for the exact same price, and certainly not more delicious or different enough to go back and undergo the same treatment. 

A group of 5 of us decided to have brunch there on Sunday. The line was incredibly long but we were not in a hurry and waited patiently for about 30-40 minutes. We were all on vacation, staying at the hotel, and this was our last opportunity to spend time together before we all left (to various cities/states) later that evening. Each of us ordered the "unlimited" champagne option with the intention of eating, drinking, and hanging out for quite some time. 

At first our server was very helpful. He was friendly and was prompt to refill our waters, juice, and champagne. After we were there for a couple of hours he asked us if we needed anything else because he was getting ready to leave. This was obviously his cue that he wanted a tip but that was fine, most of us have worked in the service industry and he was polite about it. Two of us had tipped him on our credit card and another one of us at the table gave him $20 upon this cue. 

30 minutes or so passed and we were all running low on drinks and a new server had not been by to greet us. We spotted him walking by and asked him if he could refill our drinks or send whichever coworker was going to be taking over our table. At this point his personality had taken a complete 180 and he rudely explained that we drank too much and he wasn't going to provide anymore refills on the "unlimited" champagne. This was entirely untruthful and ridiculous for all of the following reasons:

1) We had been there for 3 hours at this point, yes we had been drinking semi-continuously during this time but we were also continuously eating. 
2) there were FIVE of us, obviously the amount of champagne the entire table consumed was going to be elevated vs. most tables of 2 or 3
3) Not once did anybody at the table show any signs of intoxication of the slightest bit. There was nothing spilled, dropped, no falling down, no impaired walking, no harsh words, absolutely no indication that a single person should not continue to be served. 
4) Just because you have already received your tip from a table that you may or may not have found to be adequate for the amount of time they were taking up space in your section is NEVER a valid reason to begin acting rude and uncooperative. 

We then asked to speak with the manager to demonstrate that everybody at the table was in a clear state of mind and express how unfair and unhappy we were with the treatment. She was of absolutely no help and then explained she could give us "one more round, but that was it" SO if the argument is that a table has drank far too much and can not be served anymore for "legal purposes" as we were told doesn't it seem a bit counter intuitive and just plain wrong to provide with them "just one more drink" Exactly. 

After all of this one of the girls at our table decided to go up to the bar to purchase her own drink and of course, they took her money and served her one. 

Yes there are probably people that take advantage of the "unlimitedness" of the buffet but isn't that the POINT?? We are not there every weekend doing this we were simply trying to get the most out of our last day there.  We were tipping well, spending money on Keno, and being extremely decent and respectful to everyone that worked there. 

As mentioned earlier the food is of no superior quality to the plethora of other brunches on or near the strip at the same price: Wynn, Bayside Buffet, Rio, even Treasure Island and I am sure the experience would be much more pleasant.