Part one:

Absolutely horrible service, the food was mediocre.
The prime rib was tough, the hash browns were soggy so they were left untouched. As far as the price tags go, it was about right for the quality of the food BUT....service..... way under the fast food mark. Our server first blamed the bartender for losing our cocktail slip (mind you there were only 9 diners currently and a handful of patrons in the bar), fails to refill our waters. Upon receiving our tab, I waited 40 minutes for my server to bring back my card and payment slip. What blows me away after this.... I find out that my server fraudulently helped himself to a 15% gratuity on my card!!!!!! I left him a $0.00 tip for my experience there and he stole from me. The longer I waited, the more his tip decreased so he got what he deserved but I was in for a surprise in the end. I do not and WILL NOT recommend this place to anyone.

Part Two:

I spoke with 2 wonderful employees in regards to my experience there and kindly explained to me that their system has been designed to "hold" 15-20% automatically and that if no tip was left, the normal amount of the tab would be processed instead. I was in complete agreement with this. When I was asked "How can we make this better?", I decided to leave it up to them to find a suitable solution.

I just received a call from the Tuscany Grill today and thought there would be some sort of closure to this matter but instead, I got a very unprofessional Mr. Abdul, Tuscany Grill General Manager on the other line. Before we could talk, Mr. Abdul insisted that he needed to finish speaking before I could speak so I let Mr Abdul have the floor. Very angrily he expressed his opinion on this matter in short, he doesn't care if I don't like the food and that I shouldn't eat there again and they did not steal from me (mind you this review was in place BEFORE I spoke to anyone) and stated it might be the credit card companies doing.

When Mr. Abdul was finished, I stated that I did talk with 2 individuals from there and I understand what has happened but to Mr. Abdul, this was unacceptable and would not hear anything more, never the less, I never got to saying anything before Mr. Abdul abruptly stated that this conversation was over and hung up on me.

Very rude and unprofessional from one manager to another. Nothing has been rectified so my review will not change.

As a customer, I do expect to see the amount that I have signed in agreement to paying on my bank/credit card statement and also, I did expect more professionalism from Mr. Abdul.

I guess if this is Fitchburg's best kept secret...please do us all a favor and keep it a secret. I do not wish Mr. Abdul's communication on anyone...