Short Version: It took 1 hour and 20 minutes to get asparagus... Service sucked, and the asparagus was ehh OK. 

Details ( I HOPE THE MANAGER READS THIS, AS FEEDBACK IS GOOD TO LEARN FROM)--

Our party chose Sugar Factory over Serendipity (right across the street) because Sugar Factory took a reservation...   Sadly, it was a terrible choice. 

The main reason we came here was for the dessert, but we did want a few small things before dessert.  

There were 5 of us, and it took over 30 minutes for the waitress to come take our order.  And that was after we flagged her down to take it.  FYI-- it wasn't that crowded in the restaurant. There were lots of open tables. 

Between the 5 of us we ordered:
 One Entree (Burger) 
 Two. Appetizers (3 itty bitty sliders & brochette),
Two Sides (Asparagus and Tater Tots. 

 Not that ordering 5 entrees, would give them a reason for slow service, but we ordered simple food. 

I had 1.5 hours to be at the restaurant, and thought that would be fine considering we had reservations.   After waiting so long for our food, we asked the waitress where our order was, and she replied "Well, you should be soon, I'll check.  They (pointing to the table next to us) just got theirs and they were before you, obviously."   Uhh... well, there goes 5% of your tip, obviously. ;)

So we asked again where our food was, and the waitress was very defensive when we told her we've been at the restaurant for over an hour.  She said "Well it hasn't been an hour since you ordered your food"   She was rude, and I wanted to tell her it shouldn't have taken 35 minutes to get our orders. 

Well- One hour at 20 minutes later my asparagus came out, I had to scarf it down.    Someone in my party complained to the manager, and it was obvious the message was relayed to the waitress.   She came over again, after we flagged her down, saying we wanted dessert.  And she replied "yes, sorry, I think my manager wants to comp  chocolate fondue.."     I know none of them were looking at the fondue, so they did not get that.   They all said their dessert was "OK".   

Wish I could have tried the dessert!  But I will not be back.  Service was that bad.