To say I was disappointed would be an understatment. I planned a pub crawl for my husband's birthday,with one our stops being wahoo's. I went to all our stops that morning informing management that we would be coming through and around which time. All places seemed happy and accomidating as best they could. Manger of Wahoo's told me to call over when we were on our way. When I called (9:30pm) the hostess said management went home?!?! Quite confused I asked to speak to who was in charge. A bartender got on the phone. I told her I spoke to a manager earlier and we were on our way 20-25ppl. (not very interested)She said ok and hung up. Upon arriving the area in which I discussed with management that morning was not ready. The restuarant area was closed off? We had a friend in a wheel chair and had no access to the patio(you had to walk through the bar and between the high tops and bar.It was too narrow). So unfortunately we could not sit out there. We had to pull our own tables together. No one came to great us or offered to help. We all stood at the end of the bar together and waited for a bartender. The bar was not that packed and had two on staff at the time. One bartender finally came to help. In stead of staying there and getting through all our orders, she would take an order, leave help some other people and come back. All the while not letting us know she would be back. The other bartender stayed on her side of the bar and just chatted with others down there. Rather than help manage the bar. I must say that we had bartenders in our group as well as most of us live with in a 3-5mi radius of Boca Park. We heard no apology, heck we were barely spoken too. After taking over 45minutes for each of us to get a drink we decided to leave. We moved onto 3 ANGRY WIVES. They were ready for us. They kept an extra bartender and server on hand just to be ready for us. Job well done!! I'm sure they made a pretty penny off of our group. Especially since my husband and our friends like top shelf and lots of shots!!! Too Bad for Wahoo's as we will not be back and will be sure to tell everyone we know!!!!