Alpo night 

Horrific. Don't go...stay away. The list of issues with this restaurant are far too many to go into a whole lot of detail. A rating of 1 star is far too generous more like a -1.

A short wait - no biggie. We were seated at our table with no menus. After 10 minute of trying to flag someone down I got up and had to fetch a few myself and the hostess acted put out that she had to slightly bend over to pick up the menus. 

We waited another 20 minutes (if not longer) before I flagged down the busboy to tell him we were ready to order. He agreed to fetch the waiter.

5 minutes later the waiter showed up and I kid you not he was more stoned than Bob Marley.  This guy was blitzed with greasy skin...maybe he was methed out. 

This clearly was canned dog food night. I had been here years ago and the food was stellar but now I wouldn't feed this Alpo even to my dogs. 

Cheese dip came, the taste was near rancid with a bit of dog flavor. It was nearly cold and lumpy.

I ordered enchiladas which were not the typical enchiladas we are accustomed to, this ok except it looked like a dog patty and the taste was spot on for cold pressed Alpo dog patty. Even my friend sat and laughed in hysteria. It was an attempt to make a corn patty, then meat, and then egg on top of it. 

The corn patty was dried, very hard and inedible. The friend who laughed in hysteria to begin with was so disgusted attempting to sample my corn party all he did was spit it out. There was maybe 4 small pieces of meat and this looked like gravy train out of a can. Folks, I'm not kidding! Seriously it was gravy train out of a can. 

Fried egg was cooked well, beans and rice ok. 

While other tables were offered extra chips we were not and had been there twice is long. Additionally, other tables seated after us were served their food at least 10 minutes before our plates arrived. 

We sat for I don't know how long before our check came so we could lay. I mean it was a long time it seemed to me. We were held hostage for nearly 2 hours from the time we walked in until we got to our car. We were a party of two and very low maintenance. As a matter of fact, before being seated we got our own an margaritas from the bar  so our server didn't even lift a finger to serve drinks. 

Horrible experience! I'll never go back!