We live across town but wanted to try this restaurant based on positive feedback from friends experiences so our expectations were high.  We had the worst waitress (Liz) I have ever had and we eat out a few times a month. Our table was trying to enjoy two birthdays that night and we will NEVER be coming back. The waitress has been doing this job for over 9 years and must hate it because her facial expressions led me to believe any questions were quite annoying and redundant. My son ordered a 1/2 rack of ribs which never came. When we reminded her about them, she brought them out and claimed to be fresh, she was clearly mistaken because they were cold and dry like they had been sitting in the pass for a long time. She also forgot to take a 1/2 rack of ribs off the check because they were dry and cold after saying they just came out of the window.  She also up-selled an order of french fries while making it sound like they came with something we ordered.  My friend ordered a brownie sundae and there was barely a brownie there and when the waitress asked if she would like another brownie, I asked if there was going to be a charge.  She replied with attitude YET AGAIN, "Well, there usually is, but since you are UNsatified, I can go ahead and not charge you." Like we did something wrong.  I am not a person who has trouble speaking their mind and I also believe service is reflected in the tip.  Needless to say, she deserved NOTHING.  I only left her a $5 tip on $50 (my portion) when I wanted to leave her NOTHING.  I wrote a note to the waitress suggesting she may want to change her attitude especially being she has done this for over 9 years. I noticed her reading it while walking back to the kitchen and saw the hostess and other waitress reading it as well. As I was walking out, the hostesses were looking at me and I knew they read it too.  My son told me the waitress flicked me off as I was going out the door.  In my opinion, someone with that much tenure being a waitress should be able to handle a large party easily and our table wasn't even difficult! ON TOP OF EVERYTHING ELSE, she came back and asked us to please take our party to the lobby to continue chatting because they had other parties waiting. I was livid.  I will never be back here, EVER. I have several restaurants that have quality of food AND service in this wonderful city of Las Vegas that I will willingly give my money too, but Bob Taylors will NEVER see a penny from me, my family, or friends.  I will be more than happy to spread the word about that evil waitress to make sure if they happen to go to make sure they don't get HER.