If I could give a zero star rating I would.  Easily the worst experience ever.

12/24 I showed up 20 min late for my catering order, figuring all would be  ready.  There was exactly one other customer in the restaurant besides myself.  Guy at the carving counter (bald, glasses) asked me my name and that was the last I saw of him for the next 30 minutes.

No explanations, no nothing.  In short succession, the other 3 employees also disappeared in the backroom, leaving nobody in the front of the restaurant and giving me no clue what the hell was going on.

Finally after 30 minutes waiting I asked what the problem was and I was told that *I* called and changed the pickup time on my catering order.  Um, no I didn't and nobody knew I was getting it where I was delivering it, so nobody called on my behalf either.

The "supervisor" (African American, light skinned, black shirt/heavily stained, no name tag) makes a huge show of walking up to the table I was sitting at, looking in the catering box at the sheet for it (my order) and yelling to one of the workers across the restaurant "YEP! 1pm!" and walks away, completely ignoring me.  Finally 45 min later I got my food.

The portion for catering is a joke. I called Boston Market corporate: for 5 people the turkey you get is 1lb8 oz.  24 ounces for five people. So, roughly five ounces per person.  After 40 minutes, I got 7 pieces of turkey, weighing exactly what was expected. The slices were thicker than my pinky nail and I'm sure a blind man did the carving.  Thanks to this, two people I paid for couldn't even eat.  My mistake for not realizing Boston Market was going to screw me on this to the tune of 60 bucks.

The Mac/Cheese was sour.  Not just someone made it wrong. This tasted like someone squeezed a lemon in it; completely inedible.  Considering the utter contempt I was treated with, it's not hard for me to imagine at all that somebody did exactly that to my food.

The mashed was, well, it's mashed from a box.  You can't screw those up because the bar is so low to begin with.

ALL the muffins were stale.  Every one of them was rock hard.  

If this place were my only choice on earth or dogfood, I'd eat dog food.  

NO way in the world I'd ever go back between the utter customer mistreat and the lousy food.  If I were the actual manager of this place, I'd have handed out pink slips for Christmas.  I'd have been totally forgiving if the place were packed but it wasn't for any of the 40 minutes they got their jollies off by making me sit and wait when they're the ones that got the time wrong to begin with.

I have a complaint lodged with Boston corporate I'm waiting for them to call me back on, and I'll keep calling until I get this resolved.

If you want your holiday catering order screwed up, this is the place to go.  If you want decent food, ready for you when you asked for it - go anywhere else but here.