Rant and rave: (scroll down to see food and service details)
Went to this location for sweet tomatoes however they have changed to a new concept called field kitchen.  A greater meet us, and nervously tried to explain the concept.  He focused on the build a bundle option probably because its the closest to what Sweet Tomatoes used to be.  

We both ordered the bundle, however we made the mistake of ordering before we saw the salad bar (which is half of what the available selections used to be, or at least it seems like it).  I made my salad but was disappointe to see no egg, no bacos, no parmission cheese, and no blue cheese crumbles.  I made my salad the best I could but knew at that point I might have made a mistake.  "Can I have your card please sir?"  Chi-Ching.

I decided to also order the chicken ginger and garlic skewers thinking maybe that would makeup for the lack of ingredients in my salad.  I poured my soup and get a table.  Another card swipe, Chi-Ching

Went to get a coke, card sir!  Another Chi-Ching.  At this point I felt like I was being Nickle-n-dimed.

The soup was disappointing because the bundle didn't offer the chili, and the only option I remotely liked was the chicken noodle, so not wanting to complain I tried it.

---------------------------
Food run-down:
-  Salad was boring, my partner couldn't use her dressing because it "taste funny"  and I gave up on mine after two bites because the only items I liked that they offered were corn and carrots...got bored of that real quick.

-  Chicken noodle soup was bland, like siping dishwater with lots of veggies in it...

-  No bread was offered to us, however we noticed it didn't look too great when we walked by it, so we skipped it.

-  The chicken skewers looked like the chicken was run over, toned up by the tires of a card, grilled and skewed.  They had no ginger taste, and definitely no garlic taste... I ate two bites and put the rest down.

- Dessert was a chocolate yogurt (no idea if it was low fat or not) and the dessert bar had no topping at all... Gone.  What's the point of having that dessert machine if there's nothing to put on you lump of poo-like chocolate.

Customer Service

-  Greater that meet us upon arriving was young, nervous and had a very hard time explaining the menu and card system... Tough we figured it out on our own

-  Gentlemen at the skewer station was nice but after I ordered he said it would be a few minutes and he would "wonder around and find us"... No numbers or card for the table... Not very professional

-  Waitress at table was also nice however when I said I didn't like any of it and she took my meal away, she didn't mention it to a manager, no supervisor came to ask us about our meal...nothing.

-  The cashier was also nice but when we asked how was everything I gave him this same rundown of complaints...  His response everytime I mentioned something negative was, so sorry for that...  Neither him or the gal standing next to him bothered to offer the meal for free or get a supervisor.  Just rang us up... $25...  For two people that barely touched their food and told staff we were unhappy.

Decor and seating:
 - I like the color schemes and overall newness and updating of the location.  However we noticed these annoying light bulbs at each table where you can see the filament in each bulb just singing its impression on your eyes so that everywhere else you look you get that ghost affect from seeing something too bright, of too long...  Who thought of this and did they actually eat a meal next to these light bulbs?


Concept Field Kitchen - Epic Fail. Loyal sweet tomatoes fans not going back.  The extra kick is this was the closet location to us by a long shot...so that rules out eating at sweet tomatoes again...Time to find something else dear!