We were in town for a bachelor party that I was hosting and called the Piazza and attached Luxury Suite as home base for the weekend (Fri- Monday). We had 7 people stay and we had plenty of room. We were on the top floor (28th) of a newly renovated floor and the furnishings and beds were comfortable. Room was quiet and clean. Large formal dining table which would have been good to play poker.

I reserved the room about 1 month ago to take advantage of a birthday special. I told the phone agent that b/c of the large group of 12 in the bachelor party and we had people departing at various times- we would probably downsize to 1 suite only on Sunday. I was told that since we had a special rate that it was more advantageous to keep the existing 3 nights and then, decide on Sun morning which room we would not need. Otherwise, we would get a much higher rate if we decided to add a nite. Since there was no charge, it was a no brainer.


Sunday 12:15p. Tried to checkout on the tv, but it was after 12:00 so 'not available'. Tried calling the front desk from the room, but placed on long hold since many others trying to check out. Moved all of our stuff into the smaller Luxury Suite.


Had to get over to our table at Encore Beach so I used my cell phone to call front desk enroute to Encore. After 3 unsuccessful attempts- long hold times and after getting connected, got disconnected- I finally got thru to someone. This time the phone agent stayed on the line until the front desk answered (that was appreciated since I had gotten cut off previously). They said no problem and that I was checked out of the Piazza Suite. I went back around 5p to turn in the old keys and get correct keys for the smaller luxury suite.

Went up to the room and there was a sign on the Luxury Suite- Room maintenance in progress. Curiously, once inside, the adjoining room doors were still open on both sides. I closed up the one on our Luxury suite side and deadbolted it before we left to go out. When we returned, again both adding doors were open. There was no one new who checked into the Piazaa suite- the 2 roll-a-beds were still there and no luggage.

Went out again and when we returned around 3AM, the adjoining doors on both sides were open again. I don't know how that could be unless someone came inside our room and opened it again. Couldn't figure that one out.
 

Anyways, we were having an enjoyable experience until time to check out on Monday. I wanted a physical print out of the totals for both rooms so that it would make my accounting easier for the shared expenses. Went to hotel front desk and got the Luxury Suite receipt for the 3 nights without issue.

When they were reviewing the Piazza suite bill, they incorrectly charged the entire 3 nights. I was not given an invoice. I told her that was incorrect and the agent went to talk to her manager (Sang). She came back to tell us that it was correctly billed since they have no record of me asking to check out early on the Piazza suite. She asked me who I spoke to on the phone. After being transferred around and disconnected, how am I suppose to know who I spoke to?

A multi-national LV Sands corporation doesn't have a billing reservation system that logs all calls and identifying the employee ID? I find that very hard to believe.

She asked if I wanted to speak to the manager and (even though my cousin was waiting in front), I did. He came out- and was not very apologetic. He essentially said that the charges are going to stay on my credit card and he will conduct an investigation. He also asked me who I spoke to on the phone (seriously, you're a billion $ corporation and you can't figure that out?!). The manager stated that he would ask for the security key lock log of the Piazza suite and if we did not indeed access the suite after our late 3p checkout Sunday (I already swapped keys so how could we have entered?), he would refund the charges then; otherwise, they stay on. He also had no answer for why our attached suite door had been opened again when we returned.

My brother and I both queried him on this and I suggested a fairer way would be to immediately reverse the charges, make them pending (like credit card companies do) and then conduct their investigation (we didn't have the keys). Basically, he implied that they don't trust us on our word and that if they can prove that it was their error, then they would correct it. For the small amount of $ they were trying to "get", they just cost them a lot of potential future business from not just me, but also, those who find this useful on how they value your business.

Now, I'm glad that I didn't gamble there.

This action on his part has left a very bad taste in my mouth with their hotel management. (esp when they dropped the ball).

$300 for all this negative perception and ill will. Poor form, Venetian, poor form.

[As a followup, the manager did call in the later afternoon stating that the charges were being refunded]