I haven't been treated with such rudeness and sassitude... probably ever in my life. A complete shock, because I used to like this place! The seasonal help and/or management they hired needs to be slapped something serious. So much for the holiday spirit! 

The product is great. The experience and complete lack of customer service are a travesty. Negative three stars on service! 

I parked in front of the store and walked in the door right in front of my parking spot. They weren't that busy. Immediately upon walking in I am hit with, "*IF YOU DON'T MIND* use the other door!" No, "HI!", or "Welcome!".... just a verbal assault. Well I DO friggin' mind!! I'm already in the store, and if you want people to come in the other door, how about hanging a sign on this one advising people to that wish?!? Are you friggin' stupid? Just a taste of what is to come.... 

I get in line behind a couple people near the "other door" and a few moments later I am asked if I can be helped. I state that I am looking into ordering some side dishes for Christmas Eve. The girl points to pictures on a placemat-like menu.... and I ask, "How much?" She turns to the girl on her right to repeat my question. She responds, "$12.99 for two, $18.99 for three." 

I'm thinking to myself, "Whoa, that's surprisingly expensive." I ask, "That's just for the sides?!?" Then I get "the look." You know the one... rolling the eyes...like "Dit-int you hear what I jus tole you?!?" I repeated the question... and got a hard stare... chin down, staring down her nose at me. Then a repeat of the same price quote. Like I actually dit-int hear the first time. My response, "Well that's just ridiculous." 

On to question two: "My mom has a gift card, but she's not here. Can we do a gift card transaction over the phone, or do you have to have the card in-hand?" Response, "Well, I don't know... I will have to ask..." Turns to the same girl on her right and repeats my question. The answer was, "No." That's it, just "No." Seeking clarification, I ask, "So you have to physically have the gift card?" "Yes." 

Do you ever get the feeling somebody is just f*cking with you? I suspect that there is probably a way to do a transaction by providing the card number, but this (be nice, Dave) person was just in a customer service from Hell mode. 

I am shocked! One would think these people would be excited about having all the holiday revenue pouring in. The good times are from Thanksgiving through New Years. They're making money hand over fist. Why are they being a-holes, and bee-atches and turning happy holiday shoppers like me into pissed off former customers?