TL;DR - Unsanitary conditions - do not eat here. 

Long version: 
I ordered two $1 sandwiches and two $1 large drinks last night (receipt says the transaction occurred at 9:57 PM). The cashier wiped her mouth with her right hand, and began panicking because she tasted something disgusting on her hand. She began licking her shirt to wipe off her tongue and proceeded to wiper her mouth again with her other hand as well. She was in the direct line-of-sight of the store manager and other employees (who were loudly joking and cussing at the time). 

I figured that, while this was unprofessional, this would probably not be a big deal because surely someone else would make my drinks or she would surely wash her hands or put on gloves before handling food. 

I was incorrect. 

The cashier, within close proximity to the store manager, proceeded to grab two drink cups, held them by their rims with her fingers touching the inside of the cups, and made the drinks I ordered for myself and my wife. The manager, seeing this go down, did not intervene. 

Once filled, she then placed the cups on the counter. 

Needless to say, I threw those cups away. I called corporate this morning. They said the owner's association in charge of that McDonald's should likely be calling me in the future (but this is the third time I have made a complaint against a McDonald's in Pittsburgh and no one has ever contacted me). Additionally, for some reason Pittsburgh's McDonald's has the least professional workers of any McDonald's I have been to. I have eaten at three different locations (East Liberty, Oakland, Downtown) and not-once was the place operated well (i.e., there were unsanitary conditions or unprofessional staff at all locations). 

If these kinds of things are not dealt with when they occur in front of customers and the store manager, I can only begin to wonder about what else is going on behind the scenes; what other sanitation issues occur out of customer's views? 

I was also not offered a refund or replacement for the two drinks that were ruined by the unsanitary worker. 

DO NOT EAT HERE.