This is another bad restaurant by a LLC with big aspirations.  I only wish their business ambitions were in pace with their product, but it's not even close. 

When I initially had walked in to the restaurant I really did like the dark hued deep red tones, and the geometric lines of the interior, but that was probably the high point. 

The restaurant was also dead empty, and that should've been a warning sign, but we were starving! 

I ordered the Kalbi, Bulgogi, and beef tongue. Unlike other Korean BBQ's, San Toki ("snow bunny") only gives you a whopping three side dishes, and any additional side dishes were $2 to $6 more. Even rice was charged. I'm surprised they didn't charge me for water and chopsticks. Now, is it wrong to charge more for these items? No, it's not, but people accustomed to traditional Korean BBQ's are going to have different expectations, and this business has failed to manage expectations of what a Korean BBQ typically is. Not only did they not live up to price, but they failed on portions. The kalbi was cut away from the bone and cut up into tiny little cubes which was great for presentation, but it's a wasted unnecessary step. All 3 of these dishes failed to feed two of us, yet alone 4 people. 

Now onto flavor, I have no idea how this place can survive other than from unsuspecting out-of-town naive tourist who have no idea what Korean BBQ should taste like, but I suppose that's their proposed business model that they plan on surviving on because taste and quality isn't it. They couldn't even deliver on the sauces because they  tasted so bad because they decided to do some sort of "FUSION" gochujang type sauce instead.

After coming to this restaurant, I wonder if their other restaurants were also as bad as this one. If they are, I could only assume if they're as superficial as this restaurant they won't be able to expand outside of Vegas or sustain itself unless they get their act together. I also wonder if any of the principle's behind this company even work at any of the restaurants. I highly doubt it.

The biggest insult was when the person who appeared to be the manager inquired with a "how did we like the food", and I knew that once I opened my mouth, everybody else would want to sink down into their seat, but I had to be honest and say "this is the worst Korean BBQ I have ever had". His response was "well, that's unfortunate, but that's odd because we have the TOP KOREAN CHEF IN LAS VEGAS". Of course I laughed at that, and I now take pity on Las Vegas for having such bad Korean food because if that's the best Vegas has, I feel for the people of Nevada. He had also asked what Korean BBQ restaurants have I been to and I mentioned a half dozen in K-town, and the guy I was with just got back from a business trip from Korea, and he was treated out to Korean BBQ by one of the dept heads of one of the divisions of Hyundai. I guess after that response, it was fairly reasonable that our response seemed somewhat or slightly valid.