Our family had been frequenting this establishmentfor a couple of months. However today's visit left MUCH to be desired. I went to the drive-through and ordered something off of the menu. After ordering,  the outdoor microphone was silent for several minutes so I went ahead and pulled up to the window. They processed my payment and gave me my food as I was pulling away from the window I realized there was something wrapped on the top of my box... I looked and it was tortillas. The normal meal that I get there doesn't have wrapped tortillas so I popped the box open to see what it was. It was not what I had ordered. I pulled around and parked my vehicle, I walked inside and told the lady at the counter that my order was incorrect. She stared at me for several seconds with a dirty look on her face, turned around and said to the other lady in Spanish to the other that I had said my order was incorrect. The second lady looked at me and didn't say anything at all she just stared at me with a very disgusted look on her face. After about 25-30 seconds of eye contact with me she said "you said you wanted #17 the pork". I explained that I had ordered a number seven off of their menu, but it would not have been pork as I haven't been eating pork. Going back to the part where the mic at the drive-through was totally silent after my order, she tried to state to me that she had confirmed my order with me. That did not happen. Of course it is common that orders get mixed up, and it is no problem, you take them back and change them out for what you actually ordered. However these two women were so rude, and the looks that they gave me, were completely unacceptable. The way they spoke to me was not professional. As if they hadn't already handled it very poorly, then they turn around and begin speaking Spanish to one another, (as if we don't understand them), and the cook behind the counter starts joking about "adding a little extra", to which they all began laughing. She turned around, made eye contact with me, and laughed to my face while I was still waiting for the food to be finished, and laughed all the way, as I walked out the door. Food went in the trash and we won't be returning. Our whole family were regulars, especially through the drive through, but we are done. There is a GREAT selection of real  and tasteful Mexican food in the valley, so we will just frequent those instead.