Do not eat here.....poor service... Too high in price...small portions ... In other words ... A rip off!!!When we arrived we had a younger Korean waitress whom was very friendly.  There were three of us dining (three African American women that is).  We ordered over 80.00 dollars worth of food.   You see we love Korean food and we know some Korean etiquette.  The food very expensive for small portions and side dishes were mostly items you find at an American all you can eat buffet (ex: macaroni salad, broccoli salad).  We ordered spicy rice cakes and there were about 6 rice cakes in the bowl for 7 dollars.   We also ordered pork belly, which typically in most Korean restaurants comes with lettuce for making wraps but no you had about 10 pieces of pork belly over a bed of onion and lettuce cost extra on top of the price of $22.00 for the pork belly.  Insane.  The veggies to put in the wrap consisted of huge pieces of garlic, which is typical for wrap feelings and then they gave us jalapeños.  That was it.   Towards the end of the meal the waitress was missing.   We looked up and she was at a table with other friends or employees eating food and had forgotten about us.  We waited for 20 min because we needed a to go box for the japchae noodles my daughter didn't finish.  I finally got feed up and went to the counter.   When they saw me leaving I noticed another waitress standing at a customers table drinking sojo.  I was shocked.   Even if it is considered a kind gesture to be offered a drink when u are working it's like being inebriated on the job.  She comes to the counter rings me out and the asks for a tip. When she wasn't our server and after we just sat there waiting for a good 20.... WTH(eck)!!!!.... So. Me being a kind women looked on the receipt for a place to leave a tip and no place so I says to her do u have change and I handed her a twenty ... She purposely handed me two 10 dollar bills as though she couldn't break it into smaller bills and so that I would have no choice but to leave a $10 tip.... The lady was an old ajiummah who was trying to take advantage of a customer.   How rude and very racist.  I traveled her all the way from the AZ and from KY before that and never was treated so rudely ...will not go back and don't recommend