When we walked in, there was a couple ahead of us. We stood waiting and I decided to go look at the dessert case. Slim pickings, 4 different desserts and 4 flavors of macaroons. We then went back to stand behind the other couple. I started to notice signs here and there, sit here for this or that, order here for that or this. Not sure of where I should be and tired of standing I simply went and sat where I wanted. Waters were brought to us along w/ menus. We explained we were there for a dessert and drink. He explained we had to go over and order at the counter which we did, weird, just take my order. Wait in line at the counter, ordered one vanilla and then a banana fosters macaroon. We also ordered two hot chocolates and the beignets. Back to our table w/ the macaroons which were okay but odd. The cake portion was crispy on the outside but deflated when you bit in, no airy light cake type texture on the inside like I'm used to. The center was an ice cold chalky gauche type filling. Not a fan of either. The hot chocolate came out later, luke warm at best. The flavor was a cross between lavender and old Mexican chocolate. I understand they are wanting to serve an elevated hot coco but to go so far away from the standard is silly. We kept taking sips to try to understand the flavors but it started to taste like soap as it got colder. The beignets came out 15 minutes later, signs states as much so no problem there. Big problem, raw on the inside!! Imagine a medium rare steak, lots of pink running through the center. Large gummy, cold and raw center streak through the center. I ate some of the outside edge but it was pretty tasteless, if it wasn't for the powder sugar it would of been darn near bland. I've eaten many beignets in my day and this was bottom of the barrel. I was just really disappointed in this place. At other tables I looked at some of their dinners and they did look really good, maybe we just ordered poorly. Staff were all pleasant. Very eclectic group of customers which was fun for people watching. Maybe we'll stop in again and stick to wine and entrees.