My boyfriend and I went to the Salt Cellar for our anniversary - we saw a Groupon, checked out reviews on Yelp, and decided it would be a good choice.

WOW, were we wrong!  Going back over the reviews, I'm convinced that no one in AZ actually knows what fresh seafood looks/tastes like.  It certainly can NOT be found at the Salt Cellar.

The meal started with bread, which was meh.  A seafood place that doesn't serve sourdough?  Odd.  The bread was very plain, even though one slice had olives in it. 

For an appetizer, we chose crab cakes.  They were at least 50% bread crumbs, had a very slightly canned flavor, and came with a very plain tartar sauce.  Pretty mediocre for $15.  They were cooked nicely, however - nice and crisp on the outside - so we finished them. 

Next up, salad.  I had Creamy Bleu Cheese and my boyfriend had House.  Again, meh.  The mix was just iceburg lettuce, some carrot shreds, mushrooms, and one cherry tomato.  The house dressing just tasted like vinegar and oil, the bleu cheese was a little musty.

Then the main course... at this point, Boyfriend and I were thinking that the entree would at least be as good as the appetizer, but hoping for much better.  Based on reputation, how could it suck?  Oh... it sucked mightily!

I had Mahi-Mahi sauteed with Macadamia Nuts (a house specialty), the boyfriend had Salmon Wellington (on their fresh market menu).  

Side dishes were a baked potato that was microwaved and a piece of rubbery, inedible broccoli.

The salmon was wrapped in spinach, then in puff pastry, kind of like beef wellington, and served with hollandaise. Sounds promising, right?  It was over cooked, mushy, and tasted old.  The hollandaise tasted like plain butter.  Pretty bad, but still a little edible.  Red Lobster-level quality at triple the price.

The Mahi-Mahi was a disaster!  It was definitely not fresh fish, and actually seemed like it had been cooked hours before I ate it.  It was lukewarm and rubbery, with a pile of candied macadamia's on top.  Even if it had been cooked well, the seasoning and flavor was way too sweet.  After a few terrible, mushy bites, I cut open to the middle - the inside was GRAY and mealy.  DISGUSTING.  I didn't eat any more of it.

In any decent restaurant, if the server sees that the patron hasn't eaten any of their meal, they'll ask what's wrong and try to make it right.  Our waiter didn't even raise an eyebrow.  Either it's poor service or it happens all the time.

So, to sum up, for $100 we got two sodas ($8 for those!), some plain bread, mediocre crab cakes, overcooked old salmon, and pre-cooked possibly near expiration Mahi.  For a meal this quality, save your money and go to Red Lobster.  At least you'll get cheddar bay biscuits!