Sorry about the one star, Go Bistro.  If I was rating my experience based on any single experience, it would be 2-3 stars, but the clockwork consistency of the terrible service at rotten attitude at Go!Bistro is just appalling.

I've been to Go Bistro five times.  Food is always good to great.  The Turkey Havarti sandwich was to die for.  "Was" because they took it off the menu.  Must have lost their havarti supplier, which is a damned shame.

I've found some decent alternatives, but the focaccia is never as fresh as it was on my first visit.  The Napa Chicken sandwich is quite good with its cherry vinaigrette.

They had (again with the past tense, damn them) the best waffle fries ever.  We often get Go Bistro at work for lunch meetings, and these fries were even good cold.  But, alas, they've replaced them with some good run of the mill hand cut fries.

I've had to sum up five visits and a number of catering experiences to come up with all of that positive.  Now on to the negative.

Today, we waited for 15 minutes for them to clean a table for us.  Restaurant was 1/3 to 1/2 empty.  Wow.  Nobody was in a hurry.  Total experience was over 90 minutes, and we ordered a bunch of cold sandwiches.  It's not like any of us asked for Osso Buco or something.

This has been a consistent problem - there is nothing "Go" about this place.

On a previous visit, our waitress was half space cadet and half bitch.  She had no idea which way was up, and asking for a side of ketchup for fries was about the fastest way to get a snappy reply and a dirty look (but no side of ketchup).

On my group's very first visit, someone got cole slaw as a side, and while tasty, my friend didn't appreciate the giant chunk of glass she found with her teeth.  Yum!

Today, our waiter was very nice, and even apologized about bringing one person's cold sandwich more than 5 minutes after everyone else's.  However, when I confronted him about the excessive time to eat, he seemed unimpressed.

Hell, I even waited until we all had our change and had left our standard or better tips, and said, "I waited because I don't want any discounts, but we can never come back here again if it's always going to be an hour and a half for a sandwich and some chips."

His reply was, "Really?  Alright."

They make good artisanal sandwiches, but I don't think they know much about running a successful restaurant.  Four out of five visits have resulted in very poor service.

There are other options nearby that will be getting my business and most of my coworkers' business.