I am asking conscientious consumers who believe in voting with their dollars to boycott this establishment because they tow the cars of paying customers.

A week ago me and three friends met at the IHOP (International  House of Pancakes) on Apache and Forrest.   I left a HUGE tip to make up for the fact that we didn't purchase all that much food, and the waiter was quite nice. When one friend arrived at IHOP, he thought we were meeting by my dorm (which is literally across the street) and walking over, so he parked at IHOP, called us and walked across the street. And in less than 30 seconds walked BACK across the street and into IHOP.

His car was towed WHILE HE WAS INSIDE IHOP. We walked out, couldn't find his car and didn't panic. We knew in our hearts that as PAYING CUSTOMERS, an honest mistake was made and they would take care of us. Nope, not the case. I immediately went back in and asked for the reciept, which the cashier gave me. She was very nice and apologetic and reassuring. As I did that, the one who's car was towed was on the phone with the towing contractor who told him we needed to get a note from IHOP's manager. OK easy enough. So we asked and he began writing the note, and then for whatever reason he called the towing company.

Because the towing company's payed spotter (you know that this towing is lucrative for them if they pay a spotter to look for students) saw him cross the street he refused to write a note saying that we were paying customers. 

I still can't believed this happened. We argued with him for a while, started out quite nice but it degenerated. I swear the manager was smiling for most of the time while telling us "there was nothing he could do." Ultimately he lied to us and said it was the responsibility of the hotel because they had contract with the towing company. So far, we have been unable to resolve this in a reasonable way.

It kills me how businesses here treat students. Because there are so many of us, they realize that they can treat us poorly and take advantage of us all over the place, and no matter how many they drive away there will always be more students. I feel really powerless about this, I don't know what I can do to fix it except tell everyone what happened. So I am asking you to PLEASE not go to IHOP while they maintain this policy of abusing students. We can fight back by boycotting them!