Where do I even start? I was looking forward to eating at one Vegas buffet during my first ever four day stay in Vegas. After some decision making, my fiancé and I finally decided to come to The Buffet at The Bellagio. 

7pm and we're starving. We show up to a huge line. No big deal. An hour wait leaves us thinking "this food is going to blow us away!"

$80 and an hour wait later and we're finally seated. We approach the buffet area to see mass chaos. Kids running around unattended and generally just people walking mindlessly. 

The Kobe beef was not Kobe beef. I'm sorry, but if anyone actually responds to this and tries to tell me that it was actually Kobe beef, you should be fired on the spot. I've had more tender sirloin steaks from Walmart. I couldn't believe they were even serving that. Prime rib was a bit better but not by much. Chicken was okay. I had some sushi that was pretty terrible - you could just tell it was americanized bs. Everything else was downright disgusting. Pesto mashed potatoes? Some crappy Italian noodle dishes that tasted like Chef Boyardi? Not to mention everything was barely even warm. 

Travesty. The kicker? I woke up in the middle of the night and puked my brains out. And the reason I know it was that meal that caused it is the fact that it was the only meal I ate that day. I can't even remember the last time a meal made me sick. That was really what sent things over the edge. 

I also witnessed one of the cooks refilling the king crab thing. He was spilled them all over the counter. The ones that landed on the counter were picked up by his bare hands and just tossed in. So not only did they hit the filthy countertop, they were handled with his bare hands. Awesome. 

I am just so disappointed. For the price, it is NOT worth it. I'm assuming we caught it on a bad day considering all of the amazing reviews, but bad days like that shouldn't happen. I shouldn't get food poisoning from a $40 buffet, the Kobe beef shouldn't taste like shoe leather, and the food should be HOT.  For the same price elsewhere I could have been eating an amazing steak but instead ended up with frozen noodle dishes. Ew. 

I will never go back and never recommend this buffet. You'd be better off eating at McDonalds down the street. Don't take the risk of catching this buffet on a bad day or you might end up like me!