I hate this bar and grill.  Seriously.

We had some friends in town that had enjoyed Toby Keith's a few years ago and wanted to go back.  So we made the stop at Harrah's on a late Sunday afternoon.  On the way to the casino, I called ahead to make reservations.  You can't.  So I asked how busy they were, expecting the girl on the other end of the phone to tell me there would be a wait.  Instead, I was told "We are the opposite of busy."  Things weren't looking good already.

We were immediately seated and I enjoyed the feel of the place.  I'm not into country music but I don't mind it playing in the background.  It's pretty much an Applebee's or TGI Fridays feel, except with a country theme.  But you can only enjoy the scenery for so long....

We waited, and waited, and waited.  It took at least 15 minutes before our server even came over to greet us and get our drink orders.  Someone in my group wanted one of the specialty mixed drinks that are listed on the back of the menu (the ones that come in mason jars - 19 flipping dollars).  When my friend asked how much a 16-ounce version of the drink would be, she was told it was $12 but it would only come with a half a shot in it.  What??  I'm going to just say that we misheard or she misspoke, because that can't be right at all.  And the bad signs kept on coming....

I would say a good half hour went by before we got our meals.  I ordered the quesadillas with veggies and they were awful.  DRIPPING in grease- I had to blot them with napkins just so I didn't get grease on my clothes.  It was served with some sad shredded iceberg, mushy chopped tomatoes, and a super boring poblano salsa.  I managed to eat half and then called it a day.  $13, but worth $0.

My husband ordered the Ranch House Salad.  It claims to come with iceberg AND romaine, but there was only iceberg in that bowl.  Unless you're talking about a wedge salad, iceberg lettuce just screams cheap ingredients and that little thought went into making the salad.  He also got a couple of slices of tomato, a little bit of cheese and croutons, and about a tablespoon of corn.  On the side were two enormous containers of ranch dressing- you know, in case you want to eat 1200 calories in salad dressing during your meal.   $12, but worth about $6.

We also got a side of fries for $5.  They were actually really good (especially with all the leftover ranch from my husband's salad) and the portion was pretty generous.

My friends ordered the She's a Hottie Wrap and the Steak Sandwich.  I didn't hear anything good or bad about their food or the mason jar drink.

We then proceeded to wait again for the check and for it to be brought back to sign once we paid.  Our drinks were refilled once the entire time we were there.

When it was all said and done, my friend said that a few years ago it was a fun place to be.  Now there's just terrible service despite the fact that the place had zero customers.  There are typical overpriced menu items like you'll find all over the Strip and ridiculous price differences for Harrah's players card members vs. non-card customers.  

Do yourself a favor and go next door to the Venetian and eat at Grand Luxe- similar food and price but better quality and service with a larger menu.  Toby Keith's will do if you are starving and have a broken leg and you can't hop any farther before you pass out from hunger.

Oh, and there's a $6 charge if you want to split a meal with someone.  There should be crimes against stupid pricing like this.