I had come earlier  in the week with a friend for a winterlicious  dinner and was overall impressed aside from the lack of fruit served with the pandan crepe . I was so impressed that I came three days later with another friend for winterlicious  dinner. The  meal went well  with me getting Soto Ayam to start and my friend got the Chicken Satay and were impressed.  We got the Rendang Beef and were also impressed. 
      At dessert, the entire meal went downhill. My friend ordered the Lindt Chocolate Icecream and received one small scoop of icecream that tasted good but does not  reflect what we  paid for. Next my Pandan Crepe was a disaster . I  was handed a crepe without icecream and without fruit 
I had informed the server and shown them a picture i took of my crepe last visit and  he said he will try to add some more fruit. I  then receive my crepe with no icecream and no fruit . What is wrong with them? I ask the manager why there are missing items and  he says  ' the dish does not come with those'. Now earlier in the week he was serving the tables and he had served my table and others with pandan crepe + icecream and fruit. 
 He was not apologetic at all and returned with  my pandan crepe and a small scoop of icecream and still no fruit. 
We were extremely disappointed and while meals should end with a strong memory of the restaurant , this one did.  we are no  longer returning to this restaurant..  There is no point serving excellent food and then trying to rush dessert and do a sloppy job.. SO MATAHARI MANAGEMENT ,  how about using  our poor experience  to maintain consistency  throughout the meal and not just the appetizer and the main .  There is no point in participating in Winterlicious if you plan to give excellent service and servings  for part of the meal and then take the night off and deliver  abyssmal style dessert  plating. 
Until  the dessert style plating  and serving size is  improved and increased  I see no reason for anyone to dine here, or for customers to return. 
Keep up the great work on the appetizers and mains, because when it comes to desserts  Matahari must make a strong effort to step it up .