Avoid this place at all costs. I do not care if you read that it was one of the ten best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas. Whoever wrote all those reviews in any of the restaurant review magazines, websites, and articles giving this restaurant a positive light should be shot. Twice.

I decided to use the 10best website to find myself an interesting place to eat, and discovered that my favorite one--Joyful--was number 10. Thinking that their taste was opposite of mine, I chose their number 9 spot-Sam's BBQ-and headed to Spring Mountain Rd. and Arville to try it out. First, Chinatown has horrible parking, so I circled for five minutes before stealing a space from some pissed off old man. After that, I walked into the restaurant, not impressed at all by the scenery.

As you walk in, there is a barbecue to-go station right in front of you. A small entryway to the overcrowded (fire inspectors should check this place out for safety) dining area. The hostess was not there, and it took us another five minutes to be recognized to be seated. Their menus felt greasy, only indicating how clean the place would be. I was worried the minute that I touched the menus about my food, but I was a trooper and pressed on.

Since this place is a barbecue place, we ordered bbq pork (you know, the one with that red outer coating), honey walnut shrimp, and house special chow mein. The waiter rushed us to order, stood there with an irritated look when we tried to change our minds, and finally--and literally--ran off after closing the ordering with a rude "yeah". The food took about eight minutes, and the table next to us returned a bowl of soup after discovering dead flies (yes, SEVERAL) in her bowl. In the end, she still had to pay for it, mind you.

We receive our dishes and steamed rice that I was hesitant to eat. I've seen too many incidences whre rice is recycled from one table to another, but I had a bit because I could not have my walnut shrimp without it.

In short--for Chinese people who run this place, I believe they were raised in hicktown USA. They do not make good or even decent food. I am one to eat what I buy, but in this case, I couldn't torture myself any longer.

To be nice, I'll leave out the gorey details and state that it was the worst Chinese food I ever had in my lifetime.

Do not expose yourself to this place. You will definitely have food poisining, as was the case this morning for me.