Wow...for a casion like Ballagio I would think this place would look amazing and have excellent customer service. No! The line is extremely long and the staff is rude as hell.  We were in line maybe 830 and didnt get in until around 930. The person yelled out that the place will close at 1030 and food be taken away. No refunds! Wow....

So when we got into eat finally, I expect this place to look beautiful. Nope. It really look like your average buffet in your hometown.  We sat down and our waiter is an old Asian man who really shouldnt be working in a fast pace enviornment like that. We are Asian too sonof course we tried to be nice....but he wasnt having it. Our plates were piling up and our drinks were not filled.  I felt bad for this other young waiter who had to wait for our table because this man did not want to help us.  

Our waiter was so bad, I saw the manager come over to him and yell at him to clean our table and get our drinks.  When he finally came over and forced to ask us if we are doing okay!   We said fine ( not really) and told him what drinks we wanted.  He never came back and the young waiter did it for us.  I saw him yell at our older waiter later...

So...that isnt all! My friend was getting some food and thia time their cook staff was hastily throwing food away even though a lot of people were there eating.  One guy dumped a whole tray of old food into the trash right in front of my friend and she was splashed with the dirty food! We all complained to the manager.  She didnt seem to care.  She said she only can talk to the waiters/ people in her department.  The cooks are separate.  Well we said if she can talk to their manager.  She said she would...and that was it.  She didnt seem like she cared and I am sure the issue was not addressed.

I really enjoyed going to the Ballagio but after eating here I feel like Ballagio isnt that reat anymore.  This Buffet really need to have a lesson in customer service and find our ways to treat their pyayimg customers better