Tourist Trap if your here for spring training stay away.  Bad food, bad service, bad management/ ownership, decent venue and salsa.  Sold as authentic Mexican food but you probably get better authentic Mexican in a small town in Idaho or Vermont.  Not sure how this place became a "staple" in old town other then location but you should not go there.   The corner Fiesta Burrito by my house serves better food.  If you are looking for good Mexican there are about 20 within 5 min drive that are good with owners that care about quality not just taking your money.  If you want New Mexican Carlsbad Tavern on Hayden is great with a patio and copper bar, if you want street taco Mexican Cien Agave's is right down the street or Diego pops is on Scottsdale rd.  If you want traditional Mexican literally open google type in Mexican and anything you see is better.

Ok now to the experience, we came with a group of 20 or a going away party for a friend.  Service was very slow we ended up going to the bar to get most our drinks as it was about a 20-25 minute turn around.  They would not split checks.  When in the land of amazing mexican food its not hard to be adequate but they failed the food was dry with no body.  There was no zest it was so simple with no flavor.  Most the people there were long time AZ people and not Mexican food snobs but not one good thing was said about the food.  When it came time for the check as you can imagine it was nightmare 20 people eating and drinking and they wont split the check, not the end of the world just annoying in the 21st century. I would not have been as bad if they did not completely mess up and double bill everyone.  Now people have left and they said they accidentally cancelled the transaction so we needed to pay again.  not only that but we had to pick up the people who have already left.  The "owner" was outside with part of our party completely unwilling to help the process  turning this into an hour ordeal.  Guess what well they did not refund the first payment so we are all double charged now.  I call to talk to a manager tuesday she can only find the first transaction and says they never did a second not true i am looking at a closed (not pending) transaction on my account for $75.  yes you heard that right they have the one they say the cancelled but supposedly cant find the second one.  Anyway that's my experience with this place I would strongly suggest avoiding it.