I clearly don't understand why this place is getting so many great reviews. Maybe I just picked the wrong po-boy to try  but it would seems to me that the Streetcar should be one of their stellar items on the menu. When I think N.O. I think of fresh seafood/fish & maybe a few types of sausages. As mentioned I ordered the Streetcar which was a combination of fried shrimp, fried oysters & fried catfish. I am not a huge catfish fan but decided to give it a go. I expected for $12.99 (regular size) that the insides of the sandwich would be falling out of it but upon arrival when I remove the top piece of bread from the sandwich my eyes met with 2 tiny shrimp on 1 side of the po-boy & 2 measly oysters on the other which didn't even cover the piece of bread. They couldn't even mix & match them on each side. I've had larger fried oysters at sushi restaurants that I've eaten at and that tasted better. And I've eaten better po-boys on the east coast where there was seafood spilling out of the sandwich. As far as the taste of the fried shrimp, fried oysters & fried catfish - meh. Definitely in the fryer way too long as they were hard as a rock. There was absolutely no taste besides Cajun seasoning. I at least expected to be able to taste the flavor of the shrimp, oysters. The catfish tasted fishy tasting & I've eaten enough fish in my life to know that if it tastes fishy it's bad. The items were so hard you had a hard time even biting through them when trying to eat the sandwich. The catfish was definitely freezer burn as it was impossible to cut that with a knife & was chewy.  The bread was good but I guess I am more of a fan of "crusty" bread with soup or stew. I felt like every bite I was brushing crumbs off my face & body. Cajun chips were mediocre as they were soggy & really didn't have a lot of pizazz just a bunch of Cajun seasoning dumped on them. Cole slaw was good but needed a bit of salt to bring out the flavor of it. 

Service was great I will give them that but it just couldn't help the food to give this place a better rating. I had higher hopes for this place but unfortunately they were dashed.