Not good, like the others I really wanted to like this place and I kept on coming back 4 times to see if it got better, it didn't.  

The service sucks and like others have said it has been slow all 4 times. I don't know what the deal is, it seams they must have hired their friends or something because they don't have any idea whats going on.  They don't know crap about the food, i even got in a "friendly" argument with the waitress when she told me that the chicken fried steak was made of chicken before I ordered it, "honey I am old enough to be your grandma". Well I ordered it anyways and it was steak of course.  Another time I asked the waitress what was good and she replied "I am not a breakfast person", are you f#$%ing kidding me.  They aren't rude by any means but it just seams like it's amateur hour.  

The food isn't good either but is seems like it should be.  The menu has some interesting stuff on it and it seems like they use good ingredients but the execution sucks.  The seasoning is off, we had raw undercooked pancakes one time and over cooked and dry ones the next.  The burger was average, potatoes bland, fritata was ok, and eggs benedict with hollindaise that was the texture of a firm custard.  Again probably some buddies of theirs that can grill up a great burger at a 4th of july BBQ but does not know how to run a kitchen.  

Lastly the place seems real self indulgent, there is a huge picture of the owners and their family on a wall and small pictures of their friends and family on every free piece of wall all over the restaurant.  I don't give a crap about some dude from the 70's eating pasta or a news paper clipping of guy playing poker 30 years ago, while those are nice memories and all this is a restaurant not your den.  When they first opened the owners walked around showing off all the pictures (seen it happen twice), standing over people as they ate like the customers were in the way, real uncomfortable.  On top of that both times they were there they didn't talk to us at all.  Once they did pile in next to our booth to show off some pictures, they didn't say a word to us, not even an excuse me.  Instead they should have been talking to the customers figuring out how to save their new restaurant.

Sorry mack bros, I hate giving bad reviews especially to mom and pop places, thats why I gave you guys a real fair chance, but it just isn't doing it for me.