OK - For the first time in my life I simply could not wait to get on YELP and let this place have it because from START TO FINISH this was the most unbelievabe unmitigated dinner disaster in the last 10 years.

Arrive check in 8 of us tonight and head to the bar.  The first thing I notice is this place for Saturday Night when all the surrounding restaurants are packed is DEAD.. First impression problem.

6 of us saddle up to the bar and order some drinks.  NOBODY but  2 people at the bar and the bartender is more interested in carrying on a conversation with the two other guys there then serving or making our drinks.  I am not kidding when I say he could care less we were ordering he was babbling to the two patrons checking his phone texts etc in short WE SHOULD HAVE LEFT THEN.

After finally gettting drinks we sit and are presented the specials etc.. we order a very high end bottle of cabernet which takes forever to arrive and NO RED WINE GLASSES are available Are you kdding.  Appears they have  a small wedding in the private dining room monopolizeing all the staff.

wine arrives we move to appetizers....   Shrimp cocktail and oysters outstanding got to tive them that.. From there everything else was a BURN THE PLACE down situation.

First bottle of wine completed we order a wine plus VINTAGE and the bartender who didn't bother to care if we were there shows up with NO WINE GLASSES AND the wrong vintage.. SEND IT BACK..... we wait 20 minutes for the replacement bottle... OK WTF are you kidding me...  Finally  can't take it any longer and ask for the Manger who is EQUALLY inept from every point of view.  Still No wine glasses wine take forever to arrive and well no food..

Entrees.. PRIME STEAKS are advertised.. I will bet anyone 1K per steak that what was served was nothing better then Horse meat where it still had marks from where the Jockey was hitting it... All 3 steaks go back.  Along with 3 sides which were inedible. 

Fried Chicken 1 steak and a delmonico steak and lobster split for two were good but nothing special. 

OH YES other bottle of wine still missing when it finally arrives NO GLASSS I QUIT folks. 

No Deserts or coffee were wanted or tried. 

So Here is the review.

Appetizers Oysters / shirmp very good fresh.

Entrees  aside from the Fried Chicken Sent back and inedible

Sides HORRIBLE - Bake potatoes nuked rest of them  simply not worth trying... 

Service In all my days / nights trips / travel I have never experienced service this bad in my entire life.. UNBELIEVABLY BAD

Gentlemen - You put the name of a NYC / Washington DC steak house on the place yet its a Bennigans in Disquise.. Absolutely horrible from every facet of acceptability.  This place will never last and I could care if the servers on down all go bankrupt.  DISGUSTING.

SAVE YOUR $$$$$$ DONT Spend a dollar here.. A 100% disgrace.