I love the brasserie! Think it is a fantastic beautiful environment with class and a bit of pub flair. Totally happy with the style and just the place I want to bring my friends. I have introduced many people to this place and so happy to keep bringing more. 

For this reason, It was foie gras night and I love this stuff! We bought multiples and multiples of these with salads and lots of bread, spent over $100 on a regular Tuesday night. The most impressive moment of the night was the CHEF! 

He puts his heart and soul into his work and you can see it. We weren't a big fan of the cold foie gras and asked to heat it up. Silly us, it would melt but instead he brought us some honey and gave us advice on a very beautiful way to eat it. Learned something new and so grateful that he took the time to really show us how food can truly be amazing. Our waitress was amazing, totally accommodating for my foie gras addition and super nice. I have waitressed for 13 years and know what is poor service and know what is excellent service. She was just amazing! On a previous occasion bringing another friend who was new our waitress was amazing. I have never had anything bad to say about the service. 

I decided to bring another friend their showing him how beautiful the food would be and eager to get the same great service that I had had in the past. But my experience was much different. 

We sat in the booth section in the back seated by our server. He asked what would you like to drink. Usually I love wine and nice drafts but I was convinced to stay on my detox from alcohol that month. Liver needs a break sometimes. lol. I told him in a jokie manner I'm on a detox thinking nothing of it. We asked for water and then ordered cranberry juice. Took a look at the menu deciding on the amazing food we could eat and it was if our water had just decided to shun us. Literly lol. It was very strange. 

5 minutes had past and as he would walk by he would turn his head the other way and I thought nothing of it in the beginning. So we took our time deciding and waited, 5 more minutes had past. He had to walk past us every time to pick up an order but turn is head completely in the opposite direction. So I just put down our menus so he would know we were ready and 5 more minutes past. We are now 15 minutes in with 2 waters and juice. There were maybe 3 couples in the restaurant and I would try and get his attention each time he walked past us and his head was always 180 in the opposite direction. I asked my friend if I was crazy and we watched him walk 5 times by ignoring us almost purposely. I was in incredible disbelieve of 20 minutes and maybe 25 times walking by with 3 couples and no service. 

Finally after this time he came over and said what would you like. I said I'm sorry we have been really waiting a long time and I am unhappy with the service. He said, " I am busy!" I asked for the bill and paid and left no tip. 

I would not want to see him on a busy night. I don't know if he was having a bad night or judged me on my detox or whatever this service was all about but all I know that we were ignored and were treated coldly. I hope this is not his service on a regular basis cause that is a true shame to other customers paying good money and hope if he was going through something that everything is ok. We all have bad days. 

This left a very sour taste in my mouth. I am sorry to say I won't be back because the Chef is truly a gift.