Last night my honey and I went through our usual "what do you want for dinner?" routine, where both of us try to avoid choosing. He said "Greek sounds great", and I thought so too. So, I pulled out my trusty Yelp Android app, and we picked Posidon because of all the amazing reviews.

We were so excited to try a new place close to home, and it smelled quite good when we walked in. The waitress informed us it was her birthday, and that service might be a bit "slow". No worries there, that was ok with us after a long day. 

We ordered spanakopita as an appetizer, he ordered a gyro with no tomatoes and french fries, and I ordered the beef souvlaki sandwitch with Greek salad. 

Let me preface the food review with this: I LOVE food. I love going out to eat. I'm very forgiving of mistakes, and kind when I correct them. Out of my 56 Yelp reviews, only 4 have received 1 star, and all for a very legitimate reason. I really go out of my way to give places ample opportunities to correct my frustrations, and few places are lacking in their ability to make me happy. That said, on to the food. 

Spanakopita: It took awhile to come out, and it was not terribly appetizing to look at. The two pieces were drastically different in size, but that wasn't the worst part. The spanakopita was luke warm/cold, tasted like it came from the frozen food aisle or had been sitting out for weeks. It was bland, not at all flaky, and the texture was really weird. Oh, and the tzatziki sauce was the worst I've ever tasted, including the months past due grocery store kind that I kept in my fridge as a poor college student. The waitress didn't bother to come back and ask how it was.

Gyro with fries: The meat was flavorless, cold, and smothered in tomatoes (he specifically said to leave them out) and that terrible tzatziki sauce. The fries were cold and awful. HOW do you mess up fries???

Beef souvlaki with salad: The beef was tougher than shoe leather, and the leather would have had more flavor. The tzatziki (yes, I'm saying it AGAIN just to emphasize) was TERRIBLE. Oh, and the salad. If you could even call it that. It came in a bowl with a fat blob of yucky dressing, close-to-gone onions & tomatoes, with 2 olives, no feta, and lettuce that looks like it had been trampled on by a herd of zebras.

We tasted each other's dinner to double check, talked quietly, and confirmed that it was the worst dinner (I told the waitress this in an apologetic tone) we'd ever had. The plates were thrown together like they didn't care, and the service was sub par.

The WORST Part: The waitress saw us not eating, came over and asked how dinner was. I politely said it was terrible, and started listing off our grievances. Then a woman, who was apparently the "boss lady" came over to see what was wrong. I've never been so insulted in my life. When my bf said that the gyro meat was cold and bland, she said "well they cut it off the rotisserie and put it on the grill". He politely told her that he knew that's how it worked, but that it wasn't hot. She said "Well, that doesn't make any sense. We're known for the best gyros in town, and we have 4 & 5 star reviews on Yelp". Ok so we're totally making all this up, then. *scoff* She said "sorry" and walked away. No offer to replace the food, or take a portion off our bill. 

So we paid $22 for food we said was terrible, with nothing but a condescending apology to walk out of the door with. FYI, we paid for our food (we regret refusing to do so), and left all but 2 bites of each dinner on the table. 

I'd give the place another chance if the food were the only bad thing. But with that terrible service, I wouldn't step foot in there again if my life depended on it.