This is right around the corner from our house so we frequent occasionally. The BF likes it more then I do but it's not terrible by any means. 

I like it because when I walk in I sorta feel like I'm in The City. I love The City! Today it smelled like a latke!! Oh man did it smell gooood!! I believe they make a lot of their product in house but I can't buy that they make all or most. That would be a lot of labor hours. BUT, I love their selection! The Rainbow cookies are to die for!! Non Nom Nom I think I've tried pretty much everything in their pastry case. If it looks like it might be dry and stale it probably is but they have a lot of wonderful things, too. The bagels are great and they have seasonal flavors as well as flavored cream cheeses. 

So on our visit today the BF got his usual Eggs Benedict, which he said this time wasn't as good as it had been before. He said it was bland but he said it might have been because he's getting over a head cold. I mix it up here, today I got the Corned Beef Hase! Yum! It was so good! Their eggs are also cooked perfect! I got the pumpkin bagel with pumpkin cream cheese. Yum again! With plenty leftover for tomorrow's breakfast! 

The service is usually pretty standard. Friendly not over doing it not rude. Today we waited a lot longer then usual for our food to come and she dropped the check when she checked to see how our food was. I was afraid that meant she wasn't coming back again. I knew I was going to need a box and I hate being the one that's flagging someone down. Luckily she did. But that's more of a panic thing for me I was in the restaurant business and I have a lot of peeves, many that even annoy myself. So that's just one of them. The cashier girl was as basic as she could have been. No how are you, how was your meal. That would be my only complaint. 

Overall, we like Bagel Cafe and well be back.


********I left this review as is to show I previously liked Bagel Cafe. But I changed my star rating to reflect my updated review**********