Try Nandini in Tempe. I don't like to leave reviews unless they are positive or at least constructive but in this case this restaurant deserves the poor review I'm about to leave.  First, the silverware was not very clean as it was quite spotty,  neither were the water glasses. The apathetic waitress /co-owner not only did not welcome us but she did not bring enough menus over when she got around to coming out from behind the counter, she did not offer a beverage and she was VERY slow as if she really, really wanted to leave which she did part way through our service.  She also did not ensure we had silverware so we had to walk around and rob two other tables to get some as did a larger party who was dining a few tables away.  What was the most disappointing was that I ordered the Bay Leaf Platter which was a sampler of many of their more popular dishes. Chicken Tikka was one of the times advertised in the description  however when I pointed out that it was missing the waitress pointed to the red chicken and said that was it. I responded by telling her she just told me moments ago that it was Chicken Boti-which it was. I challenged her and told her it did not look like Tikka and that she just said it was Boti. She said she misspoke and pointed to another item and said THAT was the Boti. Again, total BS.  After she left I called another young waitress over and asked if it was Tikka, she confirmed it was not and then called the owner/chef over. He said Boti is "like" Tikka so they did not bother to put the Tikka on my platter even though it is advertised as part of the meal and the first waitress said Tikka was on the platter. Bear on mind this was now near the end of the meal and he kind of offered to bring me the Tikka but in a very discouraging manner saying there was no point. Yes he said that. Please let me add that I had Paneer Tikka Masala for lunch with a friend at her home and I am also very familiar with Indian food. I felt so insulted that they lied to such extent assuming I'm just an ignorant American who won't know the difference. Let me also tell you that Boti is nothing like Tikka. They man also continued on with his lying over the items on the platter but I gave up and decided it was a worthless argument, I just wont go back. Their integrity is lacking, they have no pride for the products they execute, they insult the intelligence of their customers and the rest of the food was below mediocre.  One more thing, the platter was supposed to include a salad and chutney. They called a corner of dried out cucumbers "salad" and the chutney never came. AWFUL!!!! I'd also like to add that the owner's response was full of fallacies, there were no calls made ahead and as far as the coupon, we only had one which was not even mentioned until our check came and by that time the horrible waitress/owner had already left. I also think when a business chooses a rebuttal which is unwise to begin with it should appear professional and without pettiness and false information. This woman is clearly attempting to discredit me and my review. We were a party of four and all of us had the same thoughts on the experience.  And yes I was lied to and told very different things based on who I asked. It was ridiculous. I paid my bill and left a tip. Just not going back.