Problem after problem during and after each stay here... My first stay was  November 2014. I was sent a invite based on my players status, so I invite my sister to tag along. During our first stay we where there 4 days and 3 nights. 

Upon checking in I decline the options for charging to my room & paid for resort fees up front. So my credit card should have never be charged anything other than a refundable security deposit .

1. The first night the Wifi went down in my room and couldnt be fixed before my contract was due at 9 am eastern time.. They didnt have a 24 hour IT personal which shocked me. I asked the staff what time would there IT dept be open, sadly I was informed not until 7 am Pacific . Thus the front desk moved my room and refunded me my resort fee . I was just to upset and stress because, I now would have to explain this to my client why there contract would be late. 

2. 2nd day :After working all day to save my the contract, we decide to spend a night on the town . Approx at 2am we return to our room and wanting to shower & hit the bed . I undressed and was about to step into the shower, but thank GOD i didnt. I turned on the water dark black dirt was pouring out of the faucet. Shocked, Pist and overall in disbelieve I got dressed and went straight to the front desk and spoke with Sang Han. I showed him the  images of the water in my suite and asked why is my stay going so bad. Once again all the apologizes and the guarantee this wasnt normal for them. They moved me to 3rd room & provide a food credit for all the inconvenience.


3. 3rd day we decide to use our food credit at " Cut" to enjoy a great meal and prepare to leave the next day. The meal was perfect and service above 10. Everything was great until I told them to apply the bill to my account. I was informed by Sang the credit would be on my account, yet we dealt with the embarrassment of maitre de telling us or charge was declined..He didnt apply the credit and I had to call the front desk while at the table and ask him to handle this terrible moment


I checked out Nov 21, 2014 and was looking forward to Thanksgiving back home with the family. Yet my nightmare continue once I got home because the hotel charge my credit card $500 and held it till Dec 9th!!!! 

Yes Crazy you would have thought I, checked into the Super 8 and not a 4 star hotel.

Do to my horrible experience the hotel offer me a do over,  come and enjoy The Venetian the " RIGHT WAY'


 My 2nd stay I worked with Theresa Miranda and was given a Prima View Suite .. We stayed there March 2015 for 3 days and two night and truly enjoy the experience. I was checking out thinking YES YES this was the way my first stay should have went. 

Yet true to past experience with the customer service & front desk something went wrong. Upon checking out I was given another guest bill with ALL there personal information !!! Like you got to be kidding me whats wrong with there ppl. On top of I that I get home & once again my credit card is charged up by the hotel.

I call Theresa and express my frustration and heartbreak about my previous stays with the VENETIAN . Why was my credit card charged , why have I had two back to back bad experiences. 

Again I waited almost a week to receive a full refund. So for my trouble the sent me a food credit to use next time,  I was in town.

Feb 15th 2018 , I emailed Theresa letting her know I would be in town the following week and would like to use my credit. She respond letting me know that on Feb 20th to contact the front desk and a pick up my credit. 

On Feb 20 I arrived with my guest & client to have dinner at the Grand Luxe Cafe. Once at the front I communicate with staff there was a envelope with my name left in the office from Theresa. The young lady goes to the back & comes back. Sorry I cant find anything for you  she expresses. I pull out my phone and show her the emails, I gotten from Theresa just 6 hour earlier .Once again she goes to the back looking and returns with the same results. It now been 20 mins of this nonsense and I demand to speak with a manager. Then Brian comes out not really wanting to communicate with me. I showed him my earlier emails from the day and asked him to just handle this situation because I was beyond upset. He first tried to tell me that there wasnt nothing he cold do and I would need to come back tomorrow. I told him the letter had to be here and I had guests waiting .

So after 30 plus mins they finally seem to find the right, place where the letter was. UGHHH are freaking kidding me had I not demand for a manager I would be leaving without the letter. While standing there I emailed Theresa letting her know what was happening & asking for a direct follow up.

I get another apology and reasoning why this happen, and finally a 
have a great day email.. WOWOOW REALLY!!!

So 3 experience with this establishment & 3 bad memories ...

Ps I have all my emails to proof everything I wrote happened!!! 

Kim