Every now and then I encounter a place with such abysmal service that I wonder how it could still be in business. New Sushi Island is one of those places. My friends and I wandered in to grab a bite before catching a matinée. It was busy but not excessively so; we certainly didn't anticipate any problems when we decided to grab a table. I ordered a veggie combo off the menu but the rest of our party opted for the All You Can Eat special. Aside from my drink order which was never delivered (I decided to flag down the waitress after 15-20 minutes and then had to wait another 10-15 minutes for it to arrive, sans apology for the delay), I received the first part of my combo without any problem. My friends were not so fortunate. 

After being cut off while trying to order multiple items (the waiter told them they had "enough for now"), my friends received their soup and salad but then had to wait roughly an hour and a half for the rest of their food. They inquired multiple times with the waitress as to the whereabouts of their meal and explained that we had to leave soon to make our show. The waitress repeated that it was "coming". I eventually received the second half of my veggie combo and offered to share with my starving friends who still had no idea where their AYCE selections were. Eventually, they received the bulk of their order, but numerous items were still missing. After confronting the waitress (again), she denied that my friends had ever ordered the misplaced items in the first place.

My friends became annoyed and asked to speak to the manager; our waitress went to find her, then returned with a napkin for us to write down our complaints. One person in our party persisted and finally the manager came to our table. She could barely speak English. I hate to be unpleasant but if you're going to operate in the food and hospitality business, you should at least have some basic grasp of the language your customers will be speaking. We had to explain the situation multiple times and the manager finally delivered the missing items with take-out containers, since by that time we had to leave.

After all this trouble, the food was mediocre at best. I have never encountered such terrible service at a sit-down restaurant in Toronto. In fact, we probably would have received better service from a hot dog stand. Don't waste your time or money; I predict they'll be out of business in a year.