My turn to share our experiance.  I had found coupons at my front door stating that lunch 16.99 and diner is 24.99. With this coupon you buy one and get one free.  So I told my wife lets give it a try.  We get there and we are immediatly greeted by this older lady dancing and greeting us.  She asked if we had ever been there before and I told he we had not.  She then welcomed us and seated us.  She noticed the coupon that I brought in and said that she had to ask if they were accepting it on a weekend.  Now mind you this coupon did not say anything on it stating that weekends are excluded or anything.  We were then told by this older gentle man ( assuming that it was the owner) that the coupon is not valid on the weekends because they have a live band and that they have to pay the band more to be there.  Which really did not make any sense to me but I didn't care at that time because both me and my wife was really hungry.  He told us that because of the misunderstanding of the coupon that he would only charge us 24.99 for the both of us.  Which was fine because we were starving.  He then followed us to the hot table and explained to us all the dishes he had.  I started with some white rice and black beans, fried banana, and what looked like refried beans.  My wife got the refried beans and beef stroganoff.  The beans both refried and black beans had no or very little flavor at all and the rice was hard and under cooked.  The same went for my wife's plate.  So now came the beef after sitting at our table for about 15 minutes.  The beef was rare which under normal circumstances I like but mind you that knowone asked us before hand and my wife hates.  The meat had no salt or spices on it at all.  I had  to let the chef know that my wife likes her beef well done so he went back to cook hers which felt like an eternity.  When she got hers, she got the samething I got, a piece of meat cooked with no salt or spices at all.  On a side note after we got our beef and ate it, I did not know but the older guy that I assumed was the owner was sitting at the table directly behind me and must have heard me when I told my wife that the meat had no salt because the very next meat that was brought out has enough salt on it to choke a horse.  Like an earlier patron that wrote a bad review on yelp about this place stated, the chicken had no flavor at all and the only thing saving it remotely was the bacon it was wrapped with.  After all that we went home and the next day I had the worst case of diarrhea I have ever had in my life.  Please do this place a favor do not under no circumstance go to this place unless you enjoy paying for horrible food and getting sick the next day.  Don't beleive the good review to this place.  I gaurantee that those were most likely posted by the owners and employees of this place.