I have been to this location several times since it recently opened.  Never have had such a shitty experience.

So, let me start by saying my daughter thought she was in labor yesterday. I went to pick her up to get her home, and on the way we passed this Tropical Smoothie.  She really wanted a smoothie.  Since we thought she was in labor, of course she could get one! (it turned out to be a false alarm!)

When we were driving by, I noticed an SUV at the window. No one else in line, no one else parked at the store, so we thought the wait would be quick. We needed to get my daughter home.

We pulled up at the ordering speaker, and no one greeted us.  Okay, maybe they were busy.  My daughter and I decided what we wanted, and 5 minutes passed with no one helping us.  I spoke up and said we were ready to order.  A guy came on the mic, and said just a moment,  Okay, fine.

5 MORE MIINUTES PASSED and still no one.  I again spoke up, and asked if anyone was working? The girl working in the store apparently doesn't know how to put her headset on mute, because I heard her say to the male employee "Are you going to take her order? She is starting to act pretty rude." UM EXCUSE ME?!?!?! We had been sitting there 10 minutes! I was absolutely floored.

By this time, 3 other cars had lined up behind us.  My daughter was starting to have some really strong contrctions.  5 MORE minutes passed, and I asked one more time if anyone was working because we needed to order. We got NO RESPONSE.

I decided to take matters in to my own hands, and went ahead and drove up to the window.  I was shocked to see that the SUV that had been at the window when we drove up was still at the window!!! She had been sitting there 15 minutes???  We waited a couple more minutes for them to literally hand this woman ONE SMOOTHIE. Seriously?

Finally we get to the window. A rude ass guy named Chris, or Christian, opened the window.  I know this because my daughter realized she knew him.  I asked him what the hell was going on, and that we still needed to order.  He was complete jackass and said that they were really busy. Um, there was only one car at the store! I decided I didn't want to order anything for fear of them spitting in my food, but my daughter went ahead and still ordered.  

Chris basically threw the smoothie and the sandwhich out the window at me and slammed the window shut.  

I don't think we will ever be back to this location.  It's awful with wait time, and this was just the icing on the cake.