POOR SERVICE , BAD DRINKS , and SPOILED FOOD.

I do note the poor service was NOT the waitress's fault as she alone was waiting on close to fifty people all by herself.

We looked at the wine selection and decided to go with mixed drinks so we ordered a mojito and long island iced tea. When the drinks arrived we tasted them and they nearly tasted the same. Both tasted mainly of budget artificial lemon aid drink mix. Nether of us could stomach these drinks. The drinks were truly horrible.

We ordered two appetizers, the falafels and the Lebanese Muhammara (spicy red pepper and walnut  dip). I thought the dip was good but the falafels weren't really made right. They were fluffy but had hard things in them that might have been chunks of uncooked hard beans?, unless it was something nonfood?  I was afraid I might break my teeth eating them.

Our dinners arrive and when I took a bite out of the salmon it wasn't right. The salmon was past not fresh and was spoiled. My husband confirmed it as spoiled. The waitress is running around with lots of tables and never comes back. I am left with a plate of spoiled fish to look at. I nibble on the few vegetables I have and notice they cooked some of my tomatoes but added a RAW tomato to plate. (see photo) My husband gives me some food off his plate so I'd have some dinner.

On the cleopatra plate the Kafta had good flavor but was dry. The Chicken was flavorful and good. The filet mignon was so overdone it was dry , chewy and tasteless and didn't even taste like beef with no beef flavor left in it. The plate was came with a little cup that I thought might be hummus but turned out to be unmelted garlic butter.

If somebody puts a gun  to your head and makes you come here for dinner get the chicken kabob.

The waitress arrives and ask if I want a box for my plate. I told her no because the fish was spoiled. She told the management and nobody said anything to me but my meal was removed only because I had a buy one get one coupon.

You won't see any belly dancers either unless you eat dinner at 9pm or later.

This is a new business and I hope they work things out and improve because we have very few nice places to dine at in this part of town.

BUT I NEVER imagined the first time I was here and didn't eat would be the better of my two visits.

I do feel slightly bad but not completely.

My thoughts are I can't forgive about spoiled fish they didn't care about but I did enjoy the chicken and the pepper dip. 

But bad management can spoil a place as we know.