This one made my list of worst service experiences, without a doubt. It's a shame too, because our first visit was great, but the second a few week later? Total opposite. So bad, in fact, that it more than offset the earlier visit. 

So what happened? Well, first we showed up late, say around 8pm, to get some dinner. I was hoping for the "all day breakfast" selection that they have, but as soon as I cracked open the menu I was horribly disappointed to find out that it was no longer there. Instead, I settled on their seasonal three-course meal thing, where you get a soup, a main course and a mini-dessert. Sounded practical and looked better than the other menu offers (I couldn't find anything else I was remotely interested in, having sat down with a breakfast craving). My wife opted for a barbeque burger, she had no intention of going the breakfast route so the menu change was of no consequence to her. 

So the food arrives, first the bread basket and my soup. The bread was so/so, but the french rolls that came as part of it were warm on the outside and ice cold on the inside. Obviously didn't heat these babies up enough after they came out of the freezer. Nothing worse than biting into warm bread and finding it still frozen inside, or so I thought. Then I tried the soup, which was supposed to be a tomato basil bisque. I kept thinking to myself that it felt a little too hot, but couldn't tell at first it was temperature hot or spicy hot. Turned out upon closer inspection, there are flakes of chili pepper floating in there, green and red ones. What in the holy heck? Who makes spicy tomato soup? It was absolutely revolting and I didn't eat anymore of it, leaving it at least 3/4 full for the server when she returned. She offered to bring something else, but I was afraid of how they would have butchered the other soups, so I opted to save my now waning appetite for the main course. 

Main course arrives, chicken with mushroom sauce. Tastes OK but not great. I notice the plate, however, is dirty underneath on all four sides, and not recently either. It was dried, caked on food stains, at least a day old. Really made me question whether or not I should have eaten the food on the top side of the plate. I don't know how the server didn't feel it when she brought the plate out, it was all over the bottom and there was no way to miss it unless you were just plain clueless. I picked it up the second I touched the plate to move it, which is why I looked underneath to see what was going on. As for my wife, her burger was OK but not great either. When she got towards the center, it was still very pink, despite asking for well done. That was a deal breaker for her, so she didn't finish the other half of it. 

Dessert was another lesson in disgusting food. The bread pudding dish was basically a soggy, nasty piece of what used to be bread, floating in this ridiculously sweet, bright yellow sauce that only vaguely tasted like butterscotch or something. I have no idea what it was, but it was horrible. We didn't even put a dent in that thing, not even a full bite. 

Naturally, our server was completely clueless. No attention to the half eaten burger, the dessert that was nibbled and left for dead, or the general unhappiness at our table. When she returned with the bill for me to leave my tip and sign the receipt, she capped off our wonderful experience by giving me a pen that had been completely destroyed. There was ink all over it and, what's worse, it wouldn't write even when I tried to use it in a desperate attempt to just end the experience and get out of there. I waited a full ten minutes and watched her and several other servers and their manager ignore us completely, never coming back to see why we hadn't left or signed the check or anything. I ended up having to ask the girl at the front of the restaurant, who was cleaning, if I could get a pen from her since our server never came back and I wanted to sign the receipt. With no apology and no effort to find the server or a manager she gave me a pen and I promptly scratch out a less than generous tip and returned her pen to walk out. 

Icing on the cake? She asked my wife and I how everything was. I told her it was "okay, I guess" and she asks what happened. I told her that, as I had just said, our server gave me a broken, leaking pen and never returned for 10 minutes or more so I had to get up and go find a pen to sign the check with. She didn't make any sincere apology and let us walk away. 

Absolutely ridiculous service, ruined soup, ice cold bread, undercooked burger, dirty plates, regurgitated dog-food dessert and then a yucky, leaking, non-functional pen to sign the receipt with? Are you kidding me? This one definitely makes my list of horrific restaurant experience for the year. I am never going back to this place.