I am a waiter and was dining with other waiters, so usually we are pretty understanding when servers are busy. But this was on another level. I would give this establishment 0 stars if I could. First, our waiter didn't greet our table for 15 minutes. Then it took an additional 15 minutes just to get our drinks. They were fountain drinks too, not bar drinks. She forgot to bring us waters, we got our appetizer before our drinks and they came without plates or napkins. Then after we finished our appetizer, they dropped our check and we had to write the tip in before the food even got to us. They also asked for a credit care at the very first greet to start a tab which we though was really odd. For our dinner, which took quite a while to get delivered, Me, my cousin and her husband all ordered the same exact thing and mine was the only one that came correctly. We ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich without any modifications and my cousins came with no lettuce, onion and tomato, and her husbands came without bacon or a pickle. They were also very cold and clearly had been sitting in the window for quite some time. My niece ordered a kids mac and cheese with fruit and ate her fruit first. She's a really slow eater and took her first bite of mac and cheese after it had been sitting on the table for at least 10 minutes. Upon taking her first bite, she burst into tears because her pasta was so hot. She spit it out into a napkin and then we dumped it out to let it out onto a plate to let it cool off and it was steaming soooooo much. My 5 year old niece was in tears for most of our meal because she burnt herself so badly. She was scared to even eat one bite of the pasta after that. The managers also knew we were frustrated, and didn't do anything to remedy the situation. They didn't apologize, take anything off the check, even acknowledge the terrible service we were receiving. Nothing. We will never be dining at saddle ranch again. Adult food came out cold as ice and kids came out so hot she was sobbing. Are you serious? Our waitress was clearly far in the weeds, but regardless, the service we received was unacceptable.