I hate to write a bad review on a "Mom & Pop" store, but this experience got me so upset that I'm taking 15 minutes out of my night to make sure that it doesn't happen to you!

I was craving Korean food but didn't want to haul my butt all the way to Las Vegas since I live in Henderson.  (Next time, I will!)  I recall eating at Jun's Korean Restaurant a year ago and the bulgogi and spicy squid were decent.  Since my mom wanted to eat some spicy squid too but didn't want to dine out, I decided to order "Take Out" -- which was a HUGE mistake!  So, I ordered bulgogi for my son, spicy squid for mom and spicy soft tofu soup with beef for moi.  

When I ordered over the phone, the lady never took my name.  I thought that was odd so I said, "Don't you need my name?"  She said, "That's ok. We have your phone number" -- Caller ID, I suppose that's what she meant.  When I got there, there was only 1 customer in the store.   I went up to the counter and said I have a "to go order."  I literally repeated my whole order to her since she had a blank look on her face.  Suddenly, the light bulb went off and she reached out to two bags and gave me the total amount to pay...$30+.  Since the place was pretty dead and there were only one other togo bag, I made the mistake of NOT DOUBLE CHECKING my order, tipped her a couple of bucks and left.  

When I got to Mom's, you can only imagine how baffled I was to find "Spicy pork saute with kimchee and tofu".  Huh?!  Where's the squid?!  I was pissed 'cause I was so looking forward to that for Mom so I made a phone call to Jun's.  The same lady answered the phone and she basically argued with me that I ordered the kimchee pork and she knows nothing about the squid. Wow!  She didn't even apologize or try to make amends -- and I knew I was wasting my time so I just hung up.  Mom was disappointed but we gave the "new" dish a try since we were hungry.  If you like pork and kimchee, I guess you'll like the dish.  We just prefer our kimchee as a "side" dish -- not an entree, thank you very much.  

Sad to say, the soup was horrible!  It was bland... it tasted like kim chee water ... not kidding!  The tofu was the only thing that was edible.  The menu said "soft tofu with beef and vegetable.. um,... "Where's the Beef?!"  The better description would be: "soft tofu with a strand of beef and kim chee and we just pour water over the kim chee and call it soup".  To make the night worse, after my 3rd bite, I looked closer and WTF?!!  Am I seeing a strand of hair?!  (YEP!  It sure is!  GROSS!!!!!!)  I was no longer hungry and decided that I'll boycott this place!    

Needless to say, Mom and I were sadly disappointed by Jun's.  The One Star given is because my son ate the bulgogi.  I asked him if he enjoyed the dish and he said, "There's no hair in mine.  It's definitely better than yours and grandma's!"  Haha!  He's a funny kid!

I guess there'll be NO "next time" here.  If I have a craving for Korean food in the future, I'll make the drive to Spring Mountain.  This experience totally ruined it for me!  Sorry Jun!