I'm so disappointed. My husband and I just moved to this side of town and felt like some pizza. Since now Fiori's is so far away we have to find a new favorite over here..

So maybe we should have ordered the pizza? Maybe that's the only good thing here which gives this place its misleading 4 stars? We got a cheese calzone and wings.

The calzone was completely flat.. the dough was so thin it was translucent, when I poked it I could see a bubble of liquid moving underneath the top dough.. okay so this liquid is the most baffling thing I've ever seen in my food. We cut the calzone into 4 slices and like this liquid, not fat/grease but it was like literal water, the whole inside filling was soaked and overflowing with this water liquid.. the calzone was plain cheese (didn't order mushrooms since they use canned, so nothing in there should cause water..) uhh. Also there was a slight pink tint to the ricotta cheese and basically the entire gloopy liquidy glop of filling, it was all tinted pink. But we got no sauce, sauce on the side. And none of the fillings have ever dyed my food pink so this was just so weird and gross.. so many things wrong I can't even.

I thought maybe I can at least the wings. Husband goes "these are like walmart wings" and yes they sure are. There is a laughable amount of meat on the bones. The wings seem to be battered and fried, a LONG time ago, and by the time they arrived they were 100% soggy all the way through. This thick soggy layer of some kind of cardboardy bleh.

Like what is this place doing.. I wish more than anything that we had used a card to order but unfortunately we paid cash, and we feel literally robbed of the $30 we paid for this garbage..

Like I can't understand how a business exists and is still open and has 4 stars when their food is so absolutely awful?? I feel so misled by yelp, this is pretty rare.

Save your money! Swear I've had a lot of pizza and calzones from a lot of places, this is nottttttt what it should be. Really wish I could have my $30 back.