I WISH I COULD GIVE SALT CELLAR ZERO STARS.

If you enjoy being treated as if you are an unworthy piece of crap, you will love Salt Cellar.

Short version: 
We were asked to leave because we were ordering drinks and appetizers, not entrees. We received horrible treatment from top down: owner, manager and server because we weren't spending enough money... and the money we were spending (probably around  $200+ total) wasn't worthy of a table. Now myself, my family, nor the friends I was with will ever spend another dime in this poor-excuse for a "service industry" establishment ever again.

Details:
Myself along with four other coworkers came here after work on a Friday to order drinks and food. We all arrived separately between 5-5:30 and put our name in for a table because the bar area did not have enough open seating for us. Two rounds of drinks and about 40 minutes later, we are seated. The waitress offered transfer our bar tab to our new waitress at the table, but we wanted to pay the bartender, to ensure he was getting tipped for his time helping us at the bar.

Once we were seated, we ordered appetizers, and we continued to order drinks.  About 45 minutes in, the server came over and proceeded to say that if we are not ordering dinner, Salt Cellar needs to use the table for people who actually will be ordering dinner. 

So, we, paying customers, need to leave our table because we aren't ordering food of a certain price point? Mind you, we weren't just taking up space, we were still ordering food and drink!!!

Naturally, our reaction was to question her action. She stood firm. We went to the manager to explain what had just happened. Then, the MANAGER essentially said yeah, if you aren't ordering dinner, we need you to leave the table because there are people waiting to eat dinner. Was extremely rude about it, too. (weird concept, waiting for a table at a restaurant, right?)

That alone made us want to leave, and also made us realize that our waitress was probably told to say that, and it probably wasn't her fault. So on our way out, I apologized to our waitress for the way I reacted. 

The owner overheard me apologizing and asked what was going on, and I proceeded to tell him about our experience. To which he, THE OWNER, responded by telling me that I was wrong. Said we couldn't sit at the table if we weren't ordering dinner. He said that we "misrepresented" our intentions of what we would be ordering (we never said we wanted dinner) Anyway, I told him that it's wrong to treat customers that way, and he argued me. Told me I was wrong and we need to leave.
 

Just FYI: we are not a rowdy crowd, we were not loud, annoying, inappropriately dressed. We are are all professionals who had just come from the office and wanted to go to (what we thought was) a decent place to enjoy each others company outside of work.