First of all, I dont think I have ever been to a restaurant where the owns and staff are so deceiving and rude.  We decided to go to this place after reading the great reviews on yelp, but the night was ruined with microwaved food and malicious own/chef.

We had dinner there on friday night.  When we called to make a reservation, we were told that it might be difficult to squeeze us in, but after a long while on the phone, we finally got the reservation.  When we showed up for dinner the restaurant only had 2 other tables with customers (Odd? Since they told us our reservation was difficult to fit in...)

We sat ourself down and after 10 min no one came to give us a menu or serve us water, so we had to do it ourself.  When the waitress finally came and we ordered a fish tajine and a lamb dish.  After waiting another 15 mins, the waitress came to us and told us that they are out of all other dishes except chicken tajine and fish tajine (this is on a friday night...)  So we ordered what was still available but requested to talk to the owner/chef; however, the we were informed by the waitress that the owner/chef refused to come and talk to us.

We decided to go and see the owner at the end and in the meantime, dinner finally arrived after 1.5h.  The fish tasted bland and the chicken was over salted and disgusting.  Everything tasted like they were reheated from frozen using a microwave.

After dinner was finally done.  We were told to go to the cash and pay, even though, the waitress brought the check to another table.

At the checkout, we asked the guy if he was the owner/chef and he said no (later, we found out from their website that he was lying!!!)  Not only did he lie to us about who he was but he was also tried to charge us extra for extra bread (even though it wasn't written on their menu and the waitress never told us)  When we pointed this out and refused to pay, he started to yell and swear at us.

We have had a lot of bad food at restaurants, but was never treated this this much disrespect and deception.

The only good thing that happened was saving another customer from eating there.

I WOULD NOT recommend this restaurant and I would never go back there again.

If I could give 0 out of 5, I would...