Quite a disappointing experience.

I went last night with two of my girlfriends after dancing away at the Rock in Rio festival. One of my friends who is a born and raised Las Vegan said The Peppermill is a Vegas staple and we HAD to go because my other friend and I have never been. By the time we arrived it was around 2:30am. The restaurant was packed and there were at least three parties waiting ahead of us. We were starving so we asked if we could go into the lounge (located in a large room to the left of the main restaurant) and the hostess nodded, so we went and seated ourselves.

The ambiance is something else!! Probably the only positive about this place. Neon lights in a dark spacious room, with comfortable booths, a fountain, and surprisingly a lot of greenery. I felt like I was in a different decade.

Our female server seemed annoyed and wasn't the friendliest when she greeted us. I don't think she smiled once. We ordered a few beers and appetizers as we could only order from the app menu in the lounge which we didn't mind. We got a round of blue moons and ordered crab cakes, ground beef nachos, mozzarella sticks, and buffalo chicken wings.

A different server came by and asked if we wanted to start a tab. We closed out since we were mainly hungry and were good on our beers. It didn't take too long for the food to come out (20 min?) and we were excited to chow down. 

- Crab Cakes; Average, nothing special. I think we got 4 of them and they came with a creamy sauce 
- Buffalo Chicken Wings; Lukewarm but the buffalo sauce was delicious! Came with carrots and celery per usual
- Nachos; HUGE portion. Had cheese, jalapeños, black olives on top. The cheese was cold and dry. They gave us a separate bowl of beans and another of the ground beef. Not sure why they wouldn't just top off the nachos with the two. Also came with guac, pico, and sour cream. 
-  Mozzarella Sticks; The most disturbing part of my experience. I bit into the cold mozzarella stick and out came a long strand of lighter hair. I was grossed out but know that these things happen. When I reacted to this hair in my mouth, my other friend laughed and said the one she bit into earlier had a hair in it too but just took it out. Hair in two mozzarella sticks out of five...?

We were having a fun night and didn't really want to take the effort to complain. The mozzarella sticks weren't good so if they offered to bring us a new batch, we would have declined. Also, I don't believe a single server came by to our table after we paid for our tab and received our food. Also not worth hunting down service.

Needles to say the food and service here is poor in my opinion, however, the ambiance in the lounge is very neat. If I were to ever come back, I would probably go for a drink at the bar in the lounge just to enjoy the neon lights.