Are you kidding me?  Here's the deal - $31.00 per person. It's 7:30am.  The place has a small area open for seating, most of the restaurant is closed - no biggie.  There are all kinds of tables, half table/booth, and full booths open - in the same area that is open.  There aren't people serving in those sections, and we understand this.  We asked to be seated at a booth.  A booth in this same area.  Our request was hemmed and hawed over for a few minutes - which was awkward. The person who was seating us felt the need to get another person to help with our, apparently complicated, request... awkward, yet again.  They both scanned the area (of completely open booths all over the place) and were sorry to say they have no open booths because there are no workers for "those sections" until later.  Literally, the first of the 20+ open booths was right up against a booth that was occupied.  This unavailable booth was 1 footstep away from an occupied booth. It shares the same back as the occupied booth.  It's not like we wanted to be seated in a completely separate area of the restaurant.  

My husband and I just looked at each other incredulously and told the person it was fine to seat us at a table.  

After this, it took about 5 minutes for our server to arrive. He took our drink order and while he walked off - AS he was walking off - haphazardly tossed a glance back at us and told us to "help yourselves".  Gee thanks.  Where does the buffet start? Are there sections?  We've never been here before.  We didn't need hand holding, but a gesture in the direction of "salads are there, fruit there, meat there.... Leave your plates and we'll pick them up".   And as we sat there for a second, laughing at what our experience has been so far - we were stunned to watch people be seated at the empty booth we had just asked for.  

UNBELIEVABLE.  Completely unbelievable.  

The food may be good? We'll never know.  The service here is HORRIBLE.  Hands Down, terrible.  So yes.  A 1 star review from me, and deservingly so. Do NOT go here unless you don't care how you're treated.  We're heading out onto the strip to bring our business elsewhere.

Incidentally, we came to the Bellagio this morning to check it out and reserve a room for the week, starting tomorrow since we have a room somewhere else until tomorrow.  We had stopped at the concierge desk on our way through the lobby and they were incredibly pleasant and helpful - which is why our restaurant experience left us speechless.  We requested a refund and went to breakfast across the street at a different resort.  I'm typing this review as I lounge in a chaise in a common area outside this resort's lobby, while my husband books us a room for the week at the Cosmopolitan, which is right next door to the Bellagio.