Well, that was awkward.  This place isn't cheap and it fancies itself on being a burger joint and a bar.  Burgers + side is anywhere between $12-$20 depending on what you get.  

I ordered the Calypso burger (bison instead of beef) with zucchini stick.  A Calypso burger basically has mango, avocado, tomato, lettuce and a bit of sauce on it.  The bison tasted fresh and didn't seem frozen, which was great, however, the overall mixings of the burger didn't give me a "WOW" moment.  I think that I paid close to $18 prior to tax.  Value to taste wise - maybe 3 stars. 

--------
So why I am giving this place only one star? Because I was sitting by my lonesome and wanted some privacy on the small patio and then this "regular" just sits down at my table. He was an older gentleman, maybe in his 60's and told me he was just waiting for someone and sipping Starbucks.  I said "umm...sure...uhh....ok".  I thought he might order food, but after 5 minutes, he was just staring at me and the surroundings and it got really awkward.  The waiter knew he was a regular and I said "umm...this guy just sat here" and he asked me if it was okay.  I said "I guess".  I didn't understand why he couldn't sit inside or sit at the Starbucks next door. 

The fact that the waiter didn't tell him that he had to sit inside or that he can't just sit at people's table is baffling. He got preferential treatment (which I understand for regulars, but shouldn't be infringing upon other's meal enjoyment) even though I was the one paying close to $20.  I was a bit scared he would steal my food or spit in it.  Now if it was really busy inside and the guy wanted to somewhere to sit, I would have no problem sharing a table.  Being a person that dines regularly at Asian restaurants, I'm no stranger to sharing tables, but they always ask you first. And by they, I mean the waiter/host(ess), etc, not the customer.  I honestly felt so uncomfortable, I thought about leaving even though I already had ordered my food.  I thought about it and while I do still feel slightly bad about kicking the guy off my table, I really just wanted to dine in peace.  He had plenty of places to sit inside.  
-----------

Verdict: Not a bad burger, plenty of selections (over 35 types of burgers), but they let regulars run all over them, so probably not the best place to dine.  I would much rather go to some more communal burger joint where it's known you'll be sharing seating space.