Having lost a bet earlier in the morning which required me to buy lunch for my partner, this was not where I had intended to bring him.  You see...I like my partner and the last thing I would want to do after loosing a bet would be to buy him a meal which possibleycould have destroyed his lower intestine.  More on that later......

The intent after loosing the bet (and consorting with the oracle that is yelp) was to visit a food truck that according to the information provided to yelp was supposed to be open and located at the Las Vegas Outlet Mall.  This was not to be.  After parking and walking, and walking while following the dot on my smartphone, said food truck could not be located...excitement led to frustration

After calling the food truck with no success, it was agreed upon we would ask the local courtesy patrol if the food truck was indeed located somewhere about the premises.  Contact was made with a very nice gentleman serving in said capacity. He directed us to where the food truck to was supposed to be.  More walking.  Alas, it was not there.  Frustration turns to sadness.

We walked back to ringmaster of personal protection and property preservation to seek an alternative.  He spoke very highly of South Philly Steak & Fries located in the food court.  Sadness turned to trust and away we went. Now..food courts sort of freak me out like clowns do for some people but having a "local" tell us it was good, we headed on over.

NOTE TO SELF AND OTHERS PACKING A SMART PHONE LOADED WITH THE YELP APP,  ALWAYS CHECK IN PRIOR TO ORDERING.  BETTER YET!  DO YOUR RESEARCH PRIOR!!!

The line was negotiated with ease.  There was no one there.  The order taker offered no real assistance and was simply a button pusher.  I ordered up a Philly   cheese steak with mushrooms and cheese.  "Disco Fries" containing provolone cheese and gravy caught my eye and so they were also ordered.  My partner ordered up a bacon cheeseburger and fries.  Both meals combined thus settling my debt came to $30 and some change!  FML.

We sat down in the food court area while our meals were being prepared.  The sounds banging off the walls reminded me of the acoustics in a junior high cafeteria.  I must say there were was a lot of interesting people to watch.

This is when I checked in.  Damn!  Having now seen the rating of SPCS&F and already having earned my "Maverick" badge, I knew there might be a high probability the meal might suck.  Trust turned to doubt.

There was some conversation about the price paid for what was a relatively simple meal.  I deduce the inflated prices are to pay for the six employees behind the counter yucking it up.

Our number was called and off I went to retrieve our meal.  Taking a look at the tray, I felt like the jackass character of the cartoons of my youth.  My disco fires looked like frumpy octogenarians square dancing.  The Philly was so soggy it could have either been cooked in a microwave or steam room.  My doubt now turned to regret.

Over inflated prices with subpar service in a food court turned my regret into a nightmare.