Right after a night's workout from the gym, I dined, along with 4 of my friends,  around midnight(happy hour) of Sunday and got the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE from a young Asian american girl who was(I dont know!) a waitress, hostess, cashier, what-ever-she-was-doing-there-! How? Read below:

1. She managed to squeeze the 5 of us in a four-seat table by placing an extra chair along the walkway (she didnt have the idea that its a fire hazard!!!). Apparently its not an option to combine two tables.

2. She only gave us 1 tong. We tried to request an extra because its 5 of us sharing . She said that its only 1 tong per table because there was no dishwasher (what an illogical excuse! We dined there to eat and enjoy, not to hear her complains. And I mean, how hard is it to wash a single extra tong? OMG!!!)

3. Because we were crowded and were only using 1 tong, one of my friends burned his hand and spilled the coke all over the place. We asked for cleaning cloth or mop but she instead gave us a roll of paper towel(they probably cannot afford a janitor and a mop. Whatever the reason was I dont wanna hear about it!). My friend told the girl that we need an extra tong especially that were 5 in there. She didnt have the choice but finally gave an extra tong shes extremely afraid to wash herself!

4. No refills on soda and water was given until were done eating. Why? Because the girl and the other guy who works there were just chit chatting right at the corner like they are guests themselves in a posh hotel costes lounge.

5. When paying the bills, she said she cannot give receipts if payment is cash. She said thats not how things work in their business. (My blood was already boiling and i dont want to ride her splendid stupidity. The business might not want to pay tax, let their conscience burn in hell woo che style!)

The selection of food that night was very limited to some inedible side dishes that were sitting there the whole day(aside from the over-marinated meats). Even though the girl was very rude and unprofessional and delivered a poor service, we gave her a good tip so she can go back to school!

 Update:Reply to Deems Y.

You definitely do not know(or watched the wrong video) what youre talking about. Im not going to argue with you but I have been to your restaurant 3 times in the past. 1st and 2nd time was pleasant thats why me and my friends went back for the 3rd time. The lady who works there in the afternoon is very nice and welcoming with an excellent customer service. But the asian american girl who works during happy hour needs a proper training. Im stating a fact here, based on my experience, not mare fabrication or made up stories(what will I get anyway?). I dont have major complains with the food(its okay, I dined during the happy hour) but my complain is the service from that asian american girl(I dont know if shes the shift manager incharge that night). This is the only review I have on yelp. It made me write a review because of the terrible service I received.