SUMMARY OF REVIEW: STEER CLEAR OF THIS PLACE! 

FULL REVIEW: In hopes of giving the franchise another shot after my previous experience at the Yorkville location, I agreed with my three friends who wanted to brunch there after we learned that the wait at the other brunch places in Liberty Village exceeded an hour and a half. I refrained from writing about my previous dining experience at Yorkville as I did not want to relive it through yelping.

Here goes! Upon arrival, we were seated at our table. After waiting for 15 minutes, we had to ask  the waitress, who was cleaning the table next to us, if she could take our order. She was surprised at our request and immediately looked anxious. Even though she had a notepad in hand and our orders were far from anything complicated (two coffees, two plates of hummus and 4 fattoush salads), she failed to properly take our order. As I saw the uneasy look on her face, I asked her to read our order to me to confirm. She proceeded to tell me that we had ordered 3 salads. I corrected her and made sure she takes our order for four salads. She made a note on her notepad, nodded and left to punch in the order. Literally 2 minutes later, another server came to our table. "Can I take your order?" he asked. 

A few minutes later, a couple entered the restaurant and sat right next to us. 15 minutes had passed since we ordered the coffees. The couple had not opened their menus yet, and to their surprise, two coffees and a bread landed on their table. They were ours!!!

Another 5 minutes lapsed, we had to follow up on the state of our two cups of brewed coffee. The manager said that they are brewing a fresh pot.

Let me also paint a picture of other things that were happening around the restaurant while we were waiting on our food, and oh it was a long wait. Three servers had all huddled up over a single table, one was wiping it up, another was taking the dishes and the third one was setting up the cleaned portions of the table. The manager made sure she bossed the servers around in every chance that she had. 

By the time we got the salads, I had already lost track of time. The salads arrived at our table and guess how many they were? THREE. I was certain that I'll get mine in a few seconds. But no, we had to remind three different servers AND the manager about my salad. All four of whom assured me that it was on its way. Not one of them actually went and check on my salad or even ensure that the order was correctly punched in. My friends dined, and I was sucking on pita bread for an hour. 

You'd think that since we interacted with multiple servers, one of them checked up on us during our meal. BUT YOU'RE WRONG. Not a single soul made eye contact with us outside the times I was yelling "Excuse me, where's my salad?", let alone check up on us to make sure we didn't need anything else. 

Anyways, excited to get out of the place, we asked for the bills. In the interest of your time and my own, I'm not going to elaborate on the complications that the server faced trying to split the three salads and two orders of hummus between the four of us. After doing 2 trips to the cash, he finally handed us the bills. Mine came up to 11 dollars because I paid for the hummus and my coffee. I gave him a 20 dollar bill. Waiting for him to give me my change, he said goodbye and wished us a nice day. I asked him if I could get 5 dollars back. He apologized and ran back to the counter to get me my change. We waited and waited and waited.

...And waited. I walked up to the counter, asked him if everything was okay. I also told him if he could give me the change so we could leave and that he could do his accounting stuff later. He said he'd be right with me. 

We waited another ten minutes to the point that we engaged in a full conversation about the beer festival happening outside with the guys sitting next to us. I walked up to the counter again. I told the manager that we couldn't stay there any longer as our parking session was expiring soon. The manager asked our server to give "any five dollar bill" to me and to sort out whatever problem he was having later. He obliged. The manager gave me a mini box of baklava to thank me for my patience and apologized for the service that we (did not) receive. I hope she reads this review.