The bar has been raved about in the community for the last 40 years, but I've always been underwhelmed the half dozen times I ventured in to the place during that time. 

The first thing that is off putting for me is that they are dyed in the wool old school Madisonians who love various forms of Americana that I detest (folk, blues, bluegrass, and old time--50s--rock that is quite tepid). The music and the ugly little supper club dining hall where it is staged is always awful. 

Yesterday, I decided to give the place another chance while enjoying opening day of pro basketball season. The bar has only 3 TVs and does somewhat cater to a sports crowd, but no one in the very busy place was watching the World Series. We arrived just as the Bucks game was to begin and my friend--a very well known regular at the bar--asked if the nearby TV could be changed to our local game as he ordered food and our first round. He asked again 20 minutes later as he got another round for himself. He asked again 10 minutes later when our waitress brought the food. 

She did finally make the effort to change the channel at that point, but she failed to tune in to FOX Sports Midwest--a network they have on their cable system, as every Brewers game during the summer is showing in this bar--instead inexplicably tuning in to the NBA Network (a travesty in its own right, as they've begun showing fragments of every game each night interspersed with commentary from their studio 'experts'; it's like sitting around with an autistic child who is flipping between channels randomly). 

It takes ONE SECOND to click a remote. Considering that I was not there to eat and was there to have a couple of beers and watch this game, this is the height of horrible customer service. If you are a bar that has televisions dedicated to sports and someone comes up to 'order' it is your obligation to do this minor and not very time consuming task FIRST (even if you don't know the exact cable number, which EVERY EMPLOYEE in such an establishment SHOULD have memorized to best serve their clientele, it shouldn't take more than another 10 seconds to find it on the cable menu). 

Additionally, just before we were moving to a table nearer to the bar and TVs as the crowd began to thin, an elderly, bearded drunk who may live above the bar came over to our table alone and asked the 4 of us if we were parked illegally outside and being ticketed. We all said that we weren't, and he then stared at me with malevolence and said, "You, I know you're going to go far in life."

It turned out that I did receive a $30 ticket for parking 'illegally' in a spot that should be legal parking and was not clearly marked (the curbs on those side streets are not painted yellow, and the spot I occupied had two driveways side by side ahead of me and the sign indicating with an arrow as 'No Parking from here to the corner' a full 50 feet ahead of where I had parked and not easily visible) One wonders why the city doesn't paint those curbs AND/OR put the sign at the beginning of the no parking zone instead of in a nearly invisible (overhanging trees obscure it) place more than 50 feet from the no parking zone (I guess they love their little parking traps on these side streets for the revenue it bilks out of unwary drivers). 

I suspect that this man is the neighborhood busybody, drunkenly calling the cops every time someone parks there (maybe he even gets kickbacks!). He acted weirdly familiar and threw an insult at me that suggests he saw me park there and followed me in to the bar (Parking Enforcement goes off duty in Madison at 5:00, while I parked there at 6:35 and was ticketed at 7:17, and the chances of it being a random drive through of a quiet residential street by the actual MPD seems very, very, very unlikely). 

Why would anyone ever delight in this shitty little neighborhood bar (that is far worse than any of the dives on Atwood that have become gentrified, even if those bars were also horrible)?

It seems to be the bad, ugly Sconnie bar for those in this 'hood who are too good for the old dives or the sports bar just down the way. 

I'll never go back, as I've never had good service, the food is no better than any bar food, the music is awful and the parking situation is a travesty.  It cost me $42 to have two beers and to NOT GET TO SEE even 5 minutes of the game that I requested that they air.