Bad food, Awful service, I am staying away for now.

Now, why does every Indian place I go to gives me water without any Ice. I know my indian brethren ask for no Ice (now, what's up with that guys...?) it doesn't mean everyone that hails from the motherland is against ice. I am looking to come up with a word to describe the feeling when a restaurant serves this brown american tap water that is not even cold, while I am drooling over folks in the next table enjoying water with loads, and loads of Ice.. 

Won't you ask?

That evening, we went there to celebrate our closing of our home, wanted a quiet dinner for the three of us to end a stressful busy day. Half the floor was empty, the owner seats us next to a group of very loud people. 

Waitress was stretched thin and was handling the floor by herself... and she forgot our food. 

She brought some naan but nothing to eat them with. The kid ate the naan with the chutneys they left for appetizers and he fell asleep on the table.

By the time we got the food, the Tandoori chicken was probably sitting on the counter for a while and was cold. The kurma was microwaved again and had dried up and was sticking on the edges of the pan.

Now lets talk Veg kurma, I couldn't find any piece of fresh veggies promised in there other than potatoes and the carrot, beans, peas and corn frozen mix. I may probably be okay with this if I get this in a cheap restaurant, when you price your entree at over $13 each which falls in the $$ range, I expect some semblance of "fresh" in there... I did not want to raise these to the waitress and make my evening suck more, so we left paying the bill ($58 for 2 entrees, 1 appetizer, 1 kids meal with no drink - Not sure if this includes the cost for a sword wielding dancer, and I use that term very liberally) with the minimal tip and passive aggressive note on the bill. 

This was one of the last few decent places that served Indian, and it is sad to see the quality of the food and service go down here as well.

Do not ever go to an Indian restaurant, any Indian restaurant when you are in a mood to celebrate something, they will make sure that your evening sucks.