Most of the food we tried seemed very old and leftover. All the food we were served was just luke warm and almost cold when it arrived. They never even bothered to unwrap the Musubi from it's plastic wrap. The food reminded me of food from the worst budget buffet I ever went to. 

I tried a Bento Zip Box with Pineapple Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken and Mahi Mahi with Potato salad. Both Fried Entrees (Pineapple Chicken and Mahi Mahi ) were almost cold and when I bit into them Oil squished out and left a bad after taste in my mouth. I found both fried entrees inedible. The Teriyaki Chicken was cooked nice but was also almost cold with a not to offensive bottled cold sauce squirted on. It didn't taste so fresh but was the most edible thing on my plate. My white rice seemed over cooked and mushy and also didn't taste fresh. I kept eating the potato salad trying to figure out what was wrong with it and my conclusion is no salt or pepper was used in it. I liked that they used fresh green onions in it but I think maybe the potatoes might have been old because it really didn't taste good.

Unfortunately my husband had a similar experience with his plate that was all different from mine. He had a Spam Musubi that still had plastic wrap on it. He couldn't eat the Kalua Pork it did have some fresh green onions on it but other than that it lacked flavor and seemed unseasoned and was almost cold. The most edible part of his plate was the Katsu Chicken it seemed like it was made today but was also almost cold. The rice was overcooked, mushy and not so fresh tasting. The Macaroni Salad seemed like it was a month old. The Mayo had broken down to just paste like oil and was very offensive and horrible.

Approximately. 2/3rds inedible food.

Approximately 1/3 edible but not so great almost cold food.

Equals One star I will not return or recommend.

My stomach was turning for hours I thought I'd be sick. It was like catching Da Valley Fever from Da food.
5-14-14
I appreciate that the Da Valley Grill contacted me about my exsperience. I am certain this might have been fluke exsperience since they didn't have their regular cook on. But the honest truth is if the food wasn't old it was very mishandled or equipment wasn't working right. I do appreciate their concern and are very glad they are looking in to what happened. I was hoping this would be a new favorite since I am found of another Hawaiian Eatery in the Valley and this place offers different options. I do hope they figured out what happened and I hope this was just an isolated  circumstance.