VERY DISAPPOINTING! I do not recommend this place at all and it's a shame as I have enjoyed watching Rick Moonen on Master Chef and thought we'd give this place a whirl.  We ordered their "featured" appetizer, the foie gras which was hyped up by our server.  The way he described, it sounded like the foie gras was going to be the star of the plate "drizzled" with a balsamic reduction.  Well, when it arrived, the foie gras was swimming in a pool, literally, of balsamic and it was inedible.  We informed the waiter, and he said he would correct the error.  He returned with the same piece of foie gras, now just removed from the pool and sitting on a bare plate.  Really?  We said, "no thank you" as it was not presentable at this point and it had absorbed all the balsamic from the time in the pool.  We then ordered a bottle of wine, needed it at this point, clam chowder, whole lobster; one steamed and one broiled and their macaroni and cheese for a side and the broccoli raab vegetable.  The clam chowder came out cold with a heaping handful of fresh thyme on the top which made it entirely inedible.  I asked for bread with the soup and the waiter said, "crackers?" and I repeated, "bread please."  He brought out two, quarter-sized rolls.  Could they spare it?  The lobsters were brought out but I ordered steamed and the server was going to give me the broiled one by mistake so I informed him that I wanted the steamed one.  Instead of just putting it in the right place, he went back to the kitchen only to return a few seconds later to put the steamed one in front of me.  Huh?  When I touched it, it was ice cold; chilled lobster?  I informed the waiter and I said that this was now ridiculous and please tell me where the hidden camera is.  I mean iced cold!  He took it back to the kitchen.  I stared at the Mac and cheese and when I picked some up on my fork to take a bite, it was dripping no more like running cream/butter/milk -- disgusting.  Kraft would be more appetizing than that!  I asked the waiter if he would eat that mac and cheese that was swimming in milk or cream and he said "no."  so I sent that back and p.s. the veggies were cold too.  
When the Lobsters arrived back at the table, I ate my share, as I was very hungry at this point and just wanted to get out of there.  They appropriately took off everything from our bill except the Lobster and the chowder (which was terrible) and we paid and left.  I am so appalled that the management of this restaurant thinks that the public is that stupid or that unsaavy to place food in front of them that is this terrible.  Low standards should not be applauded nor honored.  Do not go! Mr. Moonen.....please step inside your restaurant and fix this place or close it down.