This place.... where to begin.
 First off, my lady and I saw this place and decided to stop there because our normal pho spot had a line out the door. We were greeted to whom I'd assume was the owner of the establishment. She was a very nice, slightly older woman. My lady and I were seated right away by the nice lady. 

About 10mins of waiting, this older gentleman comes to take our order. My lady orders her food and hot green tea and water, but not before placing an order for potstickers. He takes my pho order with water, but he can't seem to get away fast enough. 10 more mins of waiting a young waiter comes to the table with the potstickers but no water or tea. My lady asked for a green tea smoothie since they forgot our beverages. They came back to inform us they were out of the Matcha green tea smoothie, So my lady asks for the peach smoothie then. 5mins later they comeback and say they have no more peach smoothie. So she asks if they have the mango smoothie and the waters we ordered at the start and I slide a diet coke order in there at this time. The gentleman comes back with the smoothie and waters but not my my soda.. Innocent mistake. I taste the potstickers and they are cooked but cold which makes me wonder how long they were out and if they were from an order that was sent back or changed. Maybe that's why they got to the table so quick. 

Our food gets to the table along with my diet coke. I have the beefball pho which taste pretty good. My lady has the beefball pho with added steak which also taste pretty good. We are eating and talking, our drinks are empty for about 10mins and no waiter to be found. Im looking around and notice the place isn't to packed. So where is the service?! About 20mins into the drink wait the nice lady who greeted us sat a couple tables away looks over and sees our drinks empty and tells one of the waiters to fill our drinks. Damn, it takes the head cheese cracking the whip to get some water refill and order another drink.

Oh and they charge for everything even if you get water and say "no ice please." Yeah, they charge you for the "no ice."

The pho I'd rate it a 2 ...maybe..meaning it would do in a pinch, but the service  F-ing sucked. Negitive rating if I could for service. 

Will not return and do not/will not recommend.