WARNING: THERE IS NO MEAT.

Okay, this is a very mixed review for me. First let me start by saying the employees are absolutely wonderful, and the customer service we received far surpassed all expecations and made the experience an incredibly enjoyable evening. 

Next on the review was the experience itself, for something as simple as eating in the dark it was  actually really fun, unique, and everyone in my party had a really great time. They make you lock your phone(and anything else that creates light) up in a locker, which is really cool and lets you enjoy the people you are with. The only real way to describe it, is that it is an experience like none other you have ever tried. 

Now for the cons and it falls in the most important section of a restaurant, the food. Heres where everything went very downhill for me very quickly and, why I most likely will not be returning. Apparently their entire menu is all Vegan/Vegetarian, which I was unaware of, because it is not posted anywhere in the location, on the advertisement I saw, and the website that led me to the restaurant had no indication. I ended up paying somewhere between $70-$80 with tip, for the six courses on the weekend. Every plate that came out I was expecting meat, and one after another it was just more vegetables and vegan food. Super dissapointing to pay that much and get food that you really did not like, because you have no choice since its a predetermined selection. I did not feel like the food was worth the money and 3/5 people in our party left hungry, and we had to go get food somewhere else after already paying $70 each. 
For that cost you could go to the Bachannal Buffet, Texas de Brazil, and many other higher end restaurants in the city, where you would get a much better bang for your buck in terms of selection, and leaving satisfied. 

Overall, to sum everything up the customer service was above and beyond, and the experience itself is really fun, and unique. But coupled with the lack of meat and food variety, it makes for a very overpriced night which left us hungry, and upset that we paid that much for essentially some plants and sauces. I wouldnt be nearly as upset if it was noted in the restaurant somewhere before we sat down. Because we would have just left and gone somewhere else, prior to even getting a table.