This isn't a question of taste or all the other places I have eaten at that serve this fare.  This is simply a question of food quality and preparation.  I won't even go into the far departure from authentic in this review.

The chips and salsa were inedible.  The chips were stale and oversalted.  The "salsa" tasted like the tomato and chile mixture you get in a can and was too watery to be scooped by a chip.  This was the worst I have been served anywhere.

I ordered a grilled chicken burrito.  The flour tortilla was pretty nice.  The filling was mostly chicken and it didn't taste grilled.  Grilled to me is over a flame.  That aside, it was to come with guacamole and there wasn't any in there at all.  I was expecting rice and beans but none there either.  There was a scant amount of pico, lettuce and tomato.  I tried dousing it with the tomatillo salsa but it didn't do much and the other 2 salsas offered were just ground up chiles which I found to be ridiculous.  The lack of effort and interest here was astounding.  There was a lake of some sort of liquid at the bottom of my basket when I was finished.  Was this from the pico?  I can't even believe I had to eat here.

I tried some of my wife's mole and was really super glad I didn't order that dish.  The 2 enchiladas were supposed to come with rice and beans.  She didn't get them so went up to buy a portion of beans.  They looked and tasted as if they had come out of a can.

I ordered a chicken taco after because I was still hungry and desperate to find an edible menu item.  The counter person asked me if I wanted everything.  This included lettuce, tomato, cheese, pico, guac or sour cream.  None of these things should be put on a chicken taco.  I asked her why they didn't come with cilantro and onions as they should and she said that the locals would rather have the other ingredients and offered to send it out as I pleased.  This was nice but telling.  The taco would have been average but the tortillas were terrible and oil soaked and again the same grilled chicken was uninspired at best.  

Go try Vicky's Mexican Restauant, come back here and tell me you're still a fan or that you think it's as good as it gets.  The only place worse than this is Jose and Tony's.  Oh and by the way owners, turn off the TV, I don't need to listen to the news while suffering through your food.