Maybe I caught this place on an off day...but i don't think I'll be back anyway. The food was okay! It tasted good but I can think of places I would prefer. I went in here for a birthday dinner for one of my friends with a small group of people. 12 of us including friends and family so large but not a huge group but they were surprised, maybe they don't get a lot of big groups. The one thing that turned me off most...it was LITERALLY as hot inside as it is outside. And I mean it is July and it's hard sometimes to keep places cool but I mean seriously if I was that uncomfortable just sitting, I can't even imagine how the employees felt. Especially in the kitchen and dish room all night it's just not even humane. Really not okay on the business aspect of it.

Our service could have been improved in a lot of ways too....one starting off with the shock of our giant 12 people party, very slow water refills (I mean considering the heat in there....they should have been on it), then we started ordering, the server took 4 orders and just simply walked away like nobody else was ready or something? We had to go find him and let him know uhh yes we would ALL like to order. THEN they forgot one girls order completely and rang the complete wrong dish for the BIRTHDAY girl. We were all there to eat and celebrate her and we're done eating before she even got her food, they brought the wrong dish TWICE. 

It gets better...we're clearly all done eating, yes pre bussing is a very important part of the meal. Nobody wants to sit with dirty dishes in front of them and then we sat dying in the heat for at least 20 mins after boxing food waiting for the check...I mean, I know sometimes things happen but it wasn't busy and we were clearly finished. We should not have had to go to the front and find somebody to get our waiter to get our check. Needless to say it was so hot we couldn't stand it anymore especially after spicy Thai food and cashed out with the girl at the front and left. 

It really wasn't a very good experience especially being my first time there....hopefully management could help their servers with steps of service and shoot, turn on the air!!! We live in the desert!! Very disappointed because I've heard good things about this place.