Lunch was the "FAIL-BOT". What is a "fail-bot", pray tell? Imagine a robot designed with the sole purpose to fail. Who would design such a robot built to never accomplish anything? I can't tell you for sure, but chances are they had a hand in my culinary experience at the Buffet at Treasure Island. 

Now let's set some ground expectations. 1.) I'm in a casino on the Vegas Strip, expect to pay through the nose for food and drinks. 2.) Buffet = Food cooked some time ago. 3.. I'm bored, let's move on.

There are certainly a fair share of buffets on the Las Vegas Strip that will cost you between $20-30 for lunch or dinner, they all have food out and heated, and they all come with a wide assortment of regional foods. Lucky for me this particular meal was on my boss because the food was close to appalling (and I enjoy buffets). 

The sushi had been sitting out to the point that the rice was beginning to harden. Asking the sushi station chef for a fresh plate was out of the question as the station was left unattended for the duration of my meal. OK, so sushi buffets are often a sub-par experience to sitting at sushi bar and having a chef slice and roll to your very heart's content, surely there are some other delicious items to sample? The bbq ribs were not bad and neither were the Korean short ribs. The beef brisket was tough and the accompanying bbq sauce resembled something I once dipped a Chicken McNugget into. The Asian food station was likely my greatest disappointment. Simply and seriously put, I have had higher quality food at Panda Express. Enough of the bad? I will say that the service staff was polite and attentive. At the dessert station I was greeted by a very pleasant woman named Olga, who was not only friendly, but recommended the crème brulée which left a sweet note on what was certainly a bitter dining experience.

I will admit that buffets can often be made or broken on timing, however in Las Vegas with the myriad buffets available and the $20+ /person price I was sorely left with my expectations completely unsatisfied. I expect that at that price I'm not only paying for the variety of food, but also paying for someone to keep the food fresh. If you are dead set on a buffet on the Las Vegas Strip, skip  Treasure Island and give Spice Market (Planet Hollywood) or the Buffet at the Bellagio a try. Same price, better variety, and far better food.