I'm wish I could give 0 stars. We planned a small birthday dinner for my son with family and a friend. I called to make sure we could store our custom cake while the kids played and no one knew, the manager finally told me they don't allow it and we could go eat our cake in the food court but not in the arcade. I called the corporate office to see if they could override this. We fully intended to spend quite a bit of money on games and food, but this was a custom zombie cake. The senior vp called me and came off quite rude. He told me they do not allow cake OR presents on our own because they are very proud of their party package and wouldn't want others to see what we are doing and think that was all they got for a party. But if I paid for 6 extra children that would not be attending I could bring my cake and presents. At this point I was in tears because I wasn't expecting to not be able to give my son his presents at the venue. They can have whatever policies they like and I should've asked specifically about the cake when we checked out this venue 2 weeks ago but it's ridiculous. I called dave and busters to ask about the policy the man who answered the phone very cheerfully said "absolutely!!! as long as you bring the manager a piece!" This review was on the customer service not the arcade. We were actually pretty excited to go there. It looked cooler than game works when I was a kid. We will never set foot in this place.I guess dave and busters does better on business so they don't have to strap you down to a package to allow you to pass out presents.
 RE: in reply to Nancy from tilt studios . We were not in need of a full birthday package. As I stated we were a small party. I had 4 children and would've been required to pay for 10 in a package. I'm sure you were ready to SELL $$$ (put together) me a birthday package as I was desperate to make sure my son would have his cake and presents for his birthday. Your business is entitled to whatever policies you'd like however ridiculous they may be so, I just won't go there and I'll share my experience with others. Your business is the ONLY place I've ever heard of where I couldn't pass out presents because I hadn't paid for a party package. I have 3 children who I love to spoil on their birthdays and we won't ever be spending our time or money there because of the CUSTOMER SERVICE. We are having a great time at Dave and Buster's though!!!