UPDATE:
Within 24 hours both owners contacted me separately to apologize for our unpleasant experience. They generously offered a refund, and I would be willing to try again after such a nice effort from the both of them. Thank you! 



I have been looking forward to trying Piano Piano, and was delighted when my friends chose it as a restaurant to celebrate at.

We made a reservation for 6 people about 4 weeks prior to the Saturday night. The reservation was for 8pm. Two days before the reservation, I called the restaurant to let them know we were celebrating a pregnancy and birthday, and asked if they could do a nice dessert surprise. They said absolutely.

Our party of 6 arrived promptly at 8pm and was told our table was not yet ready. At about 8:15 we were growing impatient and spoke to the host who was also the general manager. His tone was rude and off putting and he said they were working on seating us, but "they're very busy and a lot of people showed up tonight." We explained that it was nice a lot of people showed up, but we had made a reservation for 8pm a month ago.

At 8:30 and still no table, we were growing more frustrated and felt especially bad for our pregnant friend who was expecting to eat around 8. We approached the manager again and his response was "well do you want to stand over their table and start throwing stuff at them?" Joking or not, I wasn't very amused and told him we were surprised how unapologetic he was. He then promised to take care of some drinks and dessert once seated.

We ended up getting our table at about 8:40. The service the entire meal was horrendous. We each ordered 1-2 cocktails, appetizers and main dishes which took an unreasonable amount of time to arrive. On 3 different occasions we had servers bring food to our table that wasn't ours. It all seemed a bit disorganized.

At about 9:30 (still no food) we asked our waitress if she wouldn't mind taking a quick photo of our table while we were waiting for our food to arrive. She told us she's too busy but will try to do it later. A half hour later I asked the person refilling our water and he did it, happily. It took 20 seconds. I find it almost humorous how it's okay to make us wait 40 minutes for a table, yet our waitress cannot spare a few seconds to take a picture of us.

The food was good (thank god other wise I would have been even angrier) when it finally came. As we were finishing up our mains, I decided to get up and remind the staff about the candles in the dessert in case they'd forgotten - since the service was so awful I wouldn't be surprised. They assured me everything would be taken care of.

Meanwhile, the waitress arrived after our meal with a tray of 6 brown looking shot drinks. When we asked what they were she said they are the complementary drinks from the manager. 3 were virgin. We explained that we already drank all that we wanted as some of us were driving home, and also did not want the 3 virgin shots of sugar and juice.

Keep in mind - no one has yet once apologized or acknowledged we waited 40 minutes overtime for our table and still did not have our food by 9:30.

Sure enough our desserts came, and there were no sight of candles or sparklers  or anything to acknowledge we were celebrating two very special occasions. At this point my friend and I were livid and went up to the manager asking what happened to the candles that we had reminded them of 15minutes prior. His response was "oh ya hm what happened?" And he took off.

A few minutes later they brought over a strawberry shortcake with some sparklers. No apology, no explanation, no nothing.

The service was appalling. The lack of apology for everything we experienced was disgusting. It's hard to understand how a restaurant manager at an upscale restaurant thinks it's acceptable to behave like this!

I would NEVER return nor would I ever recommend this restaurant to anyone. Our 8pm reservation turned into a 3 hr meal, most of which was spent waiting for our food. If we had plans after dinner they would have been ruined.

A little apology goes a long way. They had every chance to make this right but sadly seemed not to care, otherwise they could have tried to make our experience a much more pleasant one. Very disappointing.