STAY AWAY! Went for my friends Bday. I spent $200.00 ALONE.  First off - NO Parking whatsoever. Second of all, there was no host up front had us standing for over 7 minutes. What was crazy is the restaurant was pretty slow. We then had the pleasure of the bartender doubling as our waiter and server. He had a terrible personality, and didn't listen and they seated us on the opposite side of where he was. So the service was just awful. We pretty much spent our time waiting for him. We all ordered "bottomless mimosas" and stated it several times that is what we wanted. They brought out everyone a single drink of mimosa 3 times in a row.  We kept asking when are going to get the bottomless ones that we keep ordering and asking for? Finally, another server who I had to track down we complained to, brought us over the bottomless mimosas. After we finished the 1 huge glass of them we asked for a refill. We then noticed that the orange juice was a tad lighter, so I asked the waiter/bartender what this juice was? He said it was pineapple juice and champagne. I said - can we all have a normal mimosa with Orange juice like we had before? He then snapped at me said and that "they don't have orange juice." I pointed out that the other server brought us OJ, and all other tables had it. He rolled his eyes and then said "Well we just ran out" His customer service is TRASH. Once we finally got our food after an hour of waiting it was of course cold. I asked for a manager at that point and the bartender/waiter said there isn't one in today. I then asked to order a round of shots for the table, but I also wanted to see a drink menu as well. He then laughed at me for asking that question and stated "we are a full service bar, we don't have menus" After I ordered the round of shots, he then started to be nice to me. Mind you I had no idea how much these shots were in the first place since he didn't get me a menu. He ended up charging me $10.00 per SHOT. I even asked him, why did he have an attitude and he stated "Look, I am the bartender and they are making me be the waiter today as well. And I worked late at my other job, and I am not even supposed to be here today" I told him, that isn't my problem and we do not deserve to be treated like this.Once we asked for the check everyone was all the sudden "Bebe" and he was being all nice. When I looked at my tab alone, I can see why. Highway robbery if you ask ME. I don't mind spending my hard earned money - but for service this bad - I will take my money somewhere else! Furthermore - the bathroom was soooooo gross and stunk like a dump. There was toilet tissue everywhere and threw up on the floor. A man even came into the lady's restroom. The people in the bar were out of control drinking and falling over and screaming at 1pm in the afternoon. I will never be back here again and tell all my friends, family and colleges to stay away. Everyone gets a free ice cream cake - but not my friend. We told them several times that it was her bday and she got nothing. When she made the reservation - she told them. Also the phones were ringing off the hook and there was no one up front. The decor is stunning though. I wish the customer service matched.