I love this place. The food is reasonably priced and delicious but the service IS THE WORST! It took 40 min for my shrimp tampura to come out and when I asked if she had put my order in she said she forgot with a quick "sorry!" Before running away. The food line doesn't have as much variety as it used to ! I order ebi's that are rarely added to the rotation. They no longer serve taco's The whole place gives the overall impression of not being organized. You have waiters literally running from one end of the building to another  dropping things shouting at other waiters and the cooks from across the floor. Basically any time we need anything it's a hassle to get without waving someone down and waiting an extra 15-25 min. The person who sits you down isn't the waiter don't be fooled! They won't come check on you or refill your beverages. But besides the big negative the food is good and at such a great price. My boyfriend waited 30min for his food that never arrived and when I asked to speak to a manager the manager told me there was nothing he can do and the price of the meals remained. No discounts or anything and when I told him how upset we were he said "everyone is in the same boat and waiting long times" as if that made it okay..... not too mention we waited 30-40 min to be seated in the first place. No remorse NO APOLOGY And he didn't even look at me while having this conversation. I understand you can be busy but in the cs food industry number one rule is BE TENTATIVE. It was so shocking that he did not care even the slightest bit that our experience was one of the worst we've ever had. In total customers are seated and forgotten  and the manager clearly has no professional respect for the customers that provide his paycheck and the waiters don't get tipped due to their lack of CUSTOMER SERVICE. I'm not a massive complainer only when it surpasses the usual. This place was a HUGE disappointment over and over again. NEVER COMING BACK AND I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT unless you have a couple hours to spend WAITING. 
We do however LOVE the Superstition location. Waiters stop by and check on multiple times. They provide and actually done in restaurant experience and the food is also high quality for the price you pay. It's a bit more expensive the honestly the customer service makes it worth it. 

Customer service here SUCKS. And so does the managers