We've eaten here a few times and overall have been disappointed with both food and service. Our most recent visit, and likely our last, we ordered and left. I told the guy working the dough (and I've seen more than once them picking something out of it which isn't at all appetizing to watch - what are you picking out?!) at the beginning of the counter that we wanted a margherita with toppings. He said, "okay," and I moved down the counter to where the toppings are. It always seems to take FOREVER for these guys to get the dough perfectly shaped. A little pat here, a little pat there... This isn't art class and your little pats are doing nothing to improve the pizza and I'm yelling, "hurry up!" in my head. Then I hate watching them put sauce on, because it reminds me of how little they put! It's like they are challenging themselves to how little of it they can spread around and make it look like there's something there. So I'm standing there and waiting for someone else to finish it off with breaking apart and spreading around the blob of mozzarella cheese so that they can finally take my toppings order, when suddenly all of these customers that came in AFTER me are working their way past me at the direction of the counter guys. The guy with my margherita is pointing at a guy behind me to follow him to the toppings counter. The staff behind the counter pay no attention to me. HELLO?! Do any of you behind the counter think I might be standing there for a reason?! You guys left me high and dry and I'm now just a road block for all of the customers you DID remember. I worked my way back to the beginning of the counter and told the dough guy that took my order that this ordering line system sucks and that I'm leaving. He offered no apology and said he could make my pizza right at that moment, but I left on principle. I walked through the Monte Carlo to Sbarro's and got a couple of slices of pizza without incident. 
As far as the pizza goes, it's always soggy in the center. If you order sausage, beware of it being undercooked. My daughter loves sausage but I wouldn't let her eat the pink sausage crumbles. Their pizza is cooked in 60 seconds, which isn't long enough to safely cook pork.
Yea, I know it's Neapolitan style pizza, to be eaten with knife and fork, but I've had better and this place just doesn't do it for me. I wish Monte Carlo had a better pizza joint on the plaza than this.