I generally wait a few days before posting a review so I can really think before posting, but my experience tonight was so horrible that I could not risk someone else being subjected to such abrupt service, rude owners, and bad food.

Let me be very clear here, I have posted unfavorable reviews based on food for other restaurants, but have always been willing to go back because everyone has an off night. I will never patronize this place again simply because the owners were so appallingly flippant.

Went here tonight with a friend while in the area and we both ordered the cavatelli. It said it was handmade and all dinners come with bread and salad. Salads and bread started off good, but then the pasta came. I kid you not, it was gray and translucent, not to mention so gummy that it stuck together in big clumps. We both sent it back and only a few minutes later were presented with basically the same exact bowls of pasta. 

Knowing the cavatelli wasn't going to get better, we ordered the angel hair and spaghetti. They came out a little too quick. The angel hair was more like a thin spaghetti and not a true angel hair, and was so underdone it was crunchy. The spaghetti was mushy. We sent both dishes back again and said we would just pay for the side salads we ate. The waitress said she would talk to the owners.

We see her go over to the husband and wife owners, they both look over at our table and disappear. A few minutes later we are given a $10 check for the two salads and never once were visited by the owners. We take the check to the register on purpose so we can tell the wife of our experience, and told her very matter of factly that it was disappointing and why. She said, 'Oh really?' And then went on to give excuses like, 'the angel hair is fresh cut so it takes a little longer to cook.' Wrong. Fresh cut pasta takes less time, and there's a difference between al dente and raw. She never once apologized, had a chip on her shoulder during the whole conversation and took the basic attitude of 'oh well, we have good food and you're wrong.'

The wait staff are all high school girls that are very abrupt and not attentive at all, the cooks look to be about high school or early college, and when we asked if the regular chef was working our waitress informed us that the entire kitchen staff was new, as are the rest of the workers there. That's a red flag.

Santos, I'm going to give you a bit of free advice- if your 'cavatelli' is translucent and gray, you're using too much water in your dough. Angel hair should be thinner, and if you break a piece of pasta in half it should not be white in the middle. Or translucent. Or gray.