I have been to Cibo twice in the past two months. Both times the service has been friendly and well timed. However, the food leaves much to be desired. 

The first visit, I was with one friend and we order two appetizers,  a pasta, a pizza, and two desserts. We ordered the arancini and a trio of scodellina (bruschetta, golden beets, buffalo mozzarella). The arancini had good texture but lacked in flavor. The beets were the highlight of the trio, the mozzarella was OK but nothing special, and I would not order the bruschetta again. The bread pieces that come with the scodellina seem to be store bought, the kind you get from the grocery store deli in a cardboard box.

We ordered the farfalle as our pasta because we heard it was the best pasta. Disappointed does not begin to describe it. If you went to the grocery store and bought some pre made rotisserie chicken, a jar of pesto, and a box of farfalle , it would probably taste the same. The biggest disappointment was that the pasta was so clearly not house made and mass produced, and over cooked. Doesn't matter how much cheese you put on it, you can't hide subpar. 

The pizza was slightly better but not by much. We ordered the pineapple, again, best reviews. You would think that you could actually taste the pineapple since it was the name sake, apparently not. Upside is the crust is tasty and cooked well.

At the end of this meal, we were not planning on returning again, but we decided to order some desserts and drinks because our conversation was not over. Best idea ever. My friend ordered the goat cheese panna cotta (she thought it was phenomenal) and I ordered the zeppole (mouth wateringly delicious).

The dessert is why I returned with friends a second time, on a Friday night. The plan was a late night meeting of drinks and dessert. However due to our busy schedules, we were more  hungry then planned so we decided to order some appetizers. Again we did scodellina (prosciutto melon, beets, and eggplant) and arancini. Congrats on being consistent- will not order the arancini a third time, if I return again. The selection of scodellina this time was better, but bread pieces were still from a box.

For dessert we ordered the tiramisu, coconut panna cotta, and red velvet cake. The panna cotta was light and flavorful, the cake was dry and not exceptional, and the tiramisu ok but could have a stronger flavor.

If you want good service and nice atmosphere,  come here. If you want good and quality food, try somewhere else...or just have the panna cotta and zeppoles.