I have NEVER had an employee at any restaurant become physically violent with paying customers, until yesterday. My friends and I are regulars at Blue Agave, coming in almost every night after work for a drink and occasional beer pong. We're always respectful and have never had a problem. Tonight an employee, Eddie, asked if he could play next, and we agreed. Then before we had a chance to finish the game we were still in, he states we have two minutes to finish, and when we asked why he said he can do whatever he wants "because he works there." This man then becomes very hostile, getting in my friends face and actually FLIPPING the beer pong table over. He proceeds to yell and scream at my friends for the next twenty minutes, and everyone at the bar (even the people not involved) left because of it. We would hate to lose out on our favorite place because of one incident, but something has to be done when an employee becomes violent. It's unacceptable.

Update: 

I called a couple days after the incident as the owner Brian asked me to do, and spoke with the second owner, Gus. Right away he seemed frustrated with me, which I wasn't expecting, but I told him all of the details and asked what was going to be done about the situation. He said he viewed the camera footage, then asked "If you guys are such good regulars why did you feel the need to post a Yelp review?" in a very condescending tone. So one of their employees gets violent on their property and I'm at fault for letting other people know about it? I've never had to write a review before, but this feels like the one time it's absolutely necessary. He then went on to say that Eddie is a very nice young man who's worked there a long time and "has never even been angry at work before." Well let me tell you, Gus, a bar full of customers saw Eddie extremely angry and now we're seeing management do nothing about it. You've lost out on six-eight regular customers almost every night, and I sincerely hope anyone reading this doesn't have a similar experience at this establishment. And if you do, they really don't want you to say anything about it.