Wow! Shockingly awful service and even more shocking bill.

I attempted to order one of their cocktails, the Odd Fashioned with Bulleit bourbon rather than the Crown Royal that it came with.

The original cocktail I tried to order was $11. Somehow my Old Fashioned was $18.

I was charged $14 for an old fashioned a $4 for selecting a premium liquor... Sidenote: Bulleit bourbon appears in one of the other $11 cocktails and no other drink on the menu starts at $14.

I brought this up to the waiter, and he just said that's how much it is and too bad.

Side-side note: the service was insane from the moment I walked in and I probably should have just trusted my instincts.

I walked in took a seat at a group table in the mostly empty bar and very unhappy looking waitress asked me if I could move somewhere else (which was fine, but no one there seemed to be in a good mood - which really just isn't a good sign that things are being run well.

After being seated, I was handed off to another waiter, who seemed much friendlier, but who had some of the most intense body odor I've experienced outside of walking past a particularly smelly homeless person. But I was like, hey, at least he's friendly and the drink I got was reasonably good, as was the food.

Again, the trouble came with how he handled the cocktail price... I mentioned that it seemed inordinately high, compared to the prices of the listed cocktails and that he might consider telling a customer if they are about to order a drink that is almost exactly like the listed cocktails, but for which they will be charged $18 instead of $11 dollars for. I'm very glad I didn't order more than one of those!

I'm not personally going to miss the extra few dollars, but I feel that the pricing was completely ridiculous and that they are trying to see what they can get away with. As soon as I walked out the door, I felt like I should have actually fought the charge, but it was very unexpected, as I've never had a bar charge me so much for a cocktail (and I live in NYC, so that's saying something).