Well, this place does have an appealing new space in a great location, BUT YUCK! We were so excited to have a new place in Central Phoenix however Maizies was disappointing to say the least. 

The place was absolutely packed. Good for them. We just couldn't figure out why. Parched and hungry, we were eager for our new dining outing. We were lucky to get the last table but then, there we sat, un-acknowledged for over 15 minutes.

Finally a cute, pigtailed server asked if we wanted something to drink. On the chalk board at the bar,there were featured wine specials. My date asked the price point of the Sauvignon Blanc. The server replied "I don't know, do you want it"? We said "it depends on the price". She walked off irritated that she had to go ask for us. She brought back the wine with a stand that didn't even fit on our table and plopped it down and walked away. The wine was a good choice and reasonably priced. 

A woman who seamed like management whooshed passed and noticed us struggling with the "wine rack" and replaced it with a small chiller.

Little Miss pigtails returned and took our order. Our salads returned in a speedy manner as we leaned in to each other to have a conversation over the roar of the crowd. We got a kick out of watching a tall male server continually smack into a poorly placed, low hanging lamp (ouch!) 

Salads were served in bowls that again, were big for our table and made the portions appear skimpy in the large vessels even though the portion size was good. The flavors on my salad were well balanced and even tasty. However the greens on my salmon salad were so over dressed they were drowning. The salmon spice rub was wonderful but the fish was dry and very overcooked. My date's Mediterranean salad was the exact opposite. No dressing at all. No flavor at all. The server suggested a dressing and my companion agreed but it just wasn't there. It was full of well intended, fresh ingredients but  they were just sitting in the bowl naked.

I think that the area can really use this  swanky, new spot, but the food quality, presentation and service is in serious need of attention. I have found better at the food court.