Let me begin by saying I'm usually a huge fan of Fleming's. I've gone to the Scottsdale and Lincoln location quite a few times, and have received nothing but stellar service each of those visits. Tonight, I cannot say the same about the Chandler location. 

Let's begin by Brittany (our server) coming to take our drink orders... It took close to 20 minutes (18 to be exact) to receive our drinks. We hadn't seen our server and was wondering where she had went, so we had asked a near by server if he can find out where Brittany was because our table was ready to order. Long story longer... A girlfriend of mine had ordered a $155 bottle of Caymus, the server had her sample it, and my girlfriend told the server the wine needed to be filtered. Brittany disregard what we had requested and poured it into a glass pitcher (can't think of the name for container she poured the wine in) and never came back. We finally had to tell the young gal that was helping Brittany serve the table we wanted the wine to be filtered because of the sediment. This gal kept challenging us... Stating why didn't we tell Brittany this in the beginning... And we told her we did, but she never came back to do it. Mind you, there was 3/4 of the bottle left, it was not like anyone drank the bottle and demanded anything for free. My boyfriend who is in the restaurant industry... A GM of a restaurant in North Scottsdale would not have let something like this slip without touching the table. No manager came to touch on the table as this was an on-going challenge of the night. This went on for the majority part of our visit until we watched the manager  go into the wine cellar with our other server to grab another bottle we had requested. 

Point is, no one touched the table. Despite of the challenge for the night with the wine, you would've at least expect a manager to come by because no one had taken responsibility for such poor service we left quite disappointed... Can't expect a decent tip if you do not receive decent service. I think holding yourself ACCOUNTABLE is a major issue at tonight's visit. No accountability whatsoever. I highly suggest someone in charge reading, 'Leaders Eat Last'. It's a great read on leadership. 

Tonight's visit left a really bad taste in my mouth. Very poor service! Brittany did not return to our table as she left it for the other gal to take care of us. I know how intimidating and frustrating it can be to serve, because I myself have served for 5 years while going through college, but at a place like Fleming's I don't see why you cannot be successful when all the tools you need are right in front of you. Being in the service industry isn't for everyone, it takes a lot of patience, and customer service skills. You work in this industry to be of at service to people no matter how bad a night is going.

Do not have any reasons to return.