Never have I seen a business so comfortable with not exceeding or even meeting any level of customer service for that matter.  

My first visit to CFR was many years ago and I remember a truly wonderful experience but then again I was already drunk before I entered and not capable of any critical thinking.

I have driven out twice to give it a second chance.  The first time it was closed on a weekday and the second (pre yelp) was less than stellar food and service wise.

Went out today with the boy and GF before heading out to the desert and ended up her for the final say on this place.

First off...confirmed NO HORCHATA! 

The salsa and beans with chips were tasty.  That saying literally buried in the menu is a warning...Additional chips, beans and salsa will cost you extra.

For a joint with an atmosphere that I remember fondly growing up in SoCal, one would think the menu would have more to offer.

Service was slow and at one time I tried to elicit (rarely ever try to do) from the lady serving a smile and she would have NONE of it.

I ordered a burrito that was more tortilla than content.  Seeing the sour cream and avocado, I failed to notice on the menu that it was one big pepper similar to a chile relleno, served with beans.  Thank God there was Tapatio and plenty of salt and pepper.

By this time I was so turned off, I decided to not even order a margarita.  

I was going to give two stars but as I type I remembered an offensive incident that is going to knock a star off.

As we were waiting for the bill, a couple with child came in.  I heard the gentleman ask for additional cups of salsa telling the same lady that had visited our table, if he could get extra salsa because he loved it and it tasted so good.  I watched as she turned her head and gave a hellacious smirk unbecoming of any of anyone in the service industry.

With that..I decided to stand up and press the delivery of our bill. 

We all stood up and walked to the cashier who was watching TV in the bar, but the waiter had not completed the tabulation.  

Instead of asking about out dining experience he returned to watch TV with the lady until the waiter appeared with the check.

The verdict is  officially in...if looking for Mexican cuisine in BC at the CFR, seek elsewhere!