I wish I didn't even have to give them a star. I'm not one to complain, I love to see the success of new business' and restaurants and really wish(ed) them the best. So naturally with Cibo being a new restaurant I wanted to check it out and see what everyone was raving about.

When walking in to the establishment it was very nice, clean, very rustic looking with a very nice lay out. We were seated upstairs which was very loft like and urban . Like mentioned the staff are underdressed and blend in with patrons dining. No way to really tell who works there and who doesn't. 

We Sat down and weren't served anything to drink for about 10-15 mins, didn't know who our server was up until that point and when served were greeted with a waitress who was less than charismatic, treated us more like her friend than paying guests, throwing out her friends names of dishes (unpronounceable to most who don't speak Italian) like "The Fag" (I'm not kidding) short for whatever the dish she was referring to was called. Meanwhile before we've even ordered, Food runners are asking us if "This" is what we ordered - they have no clue what table was what and walked around aimlessly with food in their hand until directed by the server to point them to the table. This continued even throughout our meal. After a being open a few weeks how is this happening?

We ordered a few starters which came and were quite good - maybe not to die for but palatable at the very least. Up next was our main course. I ordered a Pasta dish that had broccolini, sausage, tons of garlic and even more olive oil than you could imagine. First few bites were very good! As I continued through the plate I put a big leaf like thing into my mouth- thinking how out of place and odd it was to have a mix of broccolini and leafy  vegetable in the pasta but didn't think too much of it. After putting it into my mouth I immediately spat it out, obviously this wasn't meant to be in the dish - maybe some sort of Garnish?? No idea. Put it the the side of my plate briefly and realized that again something wasn't right. Picked it up and saw that there was a date on it. Turns out it was a 4" piece of green painters tape with a "best before" date that obviously the kitchen uses to date their food. I informed the waitress of the issue and before I could tell her not to bring me another dish the plate was gone and so was she.

When she came back with the new dish she says "You know, I thought the dish looked extra green, but thought they'd just added more broccolini, they're always changing things up on me so never second guessed it! You know, we usually keep an eye out for things like hairs and stuff" (yet a giant piece of painters tape went unnoticed? Is Ashton Kutcher going to jump out and tell me I'm being punked? Am I on some "What Would You Do" Dateline show and John Quinones is going to come out with a camera crew?? Nope, this is happening). No apology, instead just laughed off as if that slip up wasn't a big deal.  She left, came back to check how my (untouched) second meal was and added "no tape I hope!" Where in the world is the professionalism? Making light of something so disgusting is inexcusable. When I told her I couldn't eat it I was then asked if I'd like it to go, I declined. We weren't seated far from the POS station where they ring in Orders when I over heard our waitress request that the manager Comp a dish - his first response was "WHY?" in anger/disgust. When she explained the situation, he replied with an "oh, ok"

Since this was brought to a managers attention I'd expect someone to apologize, take ownership for something like this happening! He passed by the table several times (probably didn't know which table he comped was, the food runners didn't so I wouldn't be surprised) and nothing.

We were given our bill (which I'm surprised we given) but We left money on the table and decided to get out and go somewhere else where the service would be better for evening drinks. As we walked out of the building and walked maybe 8 feet from the entrance our waitress came barreling out the doors shouting down 17 Avenue with many bystanders nearby "Ladies, you didn't pay the full amount of your tab!!!" Not only did we pay, we also left a good tip when she realized she had more than the bill we got no apology , just a "oh my bad, I'm such a moron" Stuck out her hand and said "slap me"  Slap your hand? 

Later I posted about how I was bummed out by the experience. TODAY I got a message from the manager (same guy from last night) asking ME to CALL him. Couldn't handle it in person? When I asked for HIS boss' info I was ignored and told "I take full responsibility, and would 'appreciate' it if you dealt with me" Too little too late. Only time I'll go back is when its a new restaurant w/ experienced Staff.

Supremely disappointed in staff and lack of ownership/responsibility when I was present. Now I'm gone he wants to jump through hoops? Give me a Break!