If I could give this a no star I would defiantly put that. But since we are forced to at least rate it one star I guess I'll leave it at that. They deserve none at all to be honest. They are embarrassing for Summerlin let alone Las Vegas. Service is full of big/air headed fools. Every place in the food and beverage industry here in Las Vegas prides themselves based on service. Great customer service is what it's all about right? First off walking into this place there was no hostess nor host. I was sat by the bartender that noticed us after a nice 6 minute wait just standing here with no one to notice they had some guests. Upon getting sat in one of their booths I only had one other person with me along with 4 dinner settings on the table. Server greeted us with an iPad that didn't even work at all. So much for a cocktail list.. the dining room is HUGE yet there's one other table and more employees than guests. Server was snotty and didn't even tell us her name didn't take the other two settings off at all after a few trips . We ordered some apps off the menu and I couldn't notice but the calamari was so bland and the breading to it just was smushy and soggy full of oil on the bottom pieces.. the bacon wrapped dates were just disgusting .. the bacon was burnt and seemed like they made that first and left it under the heat lamp while cooking the others. Last but not least was our hummus that was store bought in pretty sure with some oil topped on it before sent out. Two raggedy carrot sticks and some chips... nacho chips... I've never had such a poor hummus plate in my life. The saddest yet easiest thing to serve out a basic kitchen and still couldn't deliver.. with those bland items we barely touched we actually were kinda forced to get those in a way because after tying to order a few other apps we were told that they might not have shrimp and than out of this and that over and over. I ordered a coke and that was flat I drank it still but never got a refill within the  hour that we were there for. So we decided to try the grill thing they had since what can go wrong with choosing your own items and having it cooked on a grill right? Well wrong again.. I couldn't notice but all the meats were all very old and not fresh at all. You can tell by just looking at it that everything is cheap and just not fresh. We went ahead and did a plate anyways because we were hungry and that's what we came for was for dinner, we left the plate up there for the chef to cook and sat back down. They brought the plate to us when it was done and it was the nastiest looking thing I've ever seen.. straight up slop . Super oily and bland my wife didn't even touch it. She felt sick after the apps and looking at the stir fri that was made. I tried a few bites and like I said it's just gross it made me want to vomit. I don't know if it was a combination of the apps plus that slop or if it was just that. To top this whole evening off they didn't have the air conditioning on at all. What place in Las Vegas does not turn on their air? Along with the huge grill in the middle putting out extra heat it's just nothing but sweat inside there. The poor employees always wiping their nasty sweaty foreheads over and over and serving their guests. I can sit here and name another 50 things that went in During this massacre but I rather just let them embarrass themselves. Also.. is the guy in the suit a manager or a server? I've never seen such unstable messes in my life with such great yelp ratings. I gotta say some one either was paid or these guests are straight up McDonald's professionals to be putting up 5 stars here! Does anyone else notice the napkins with stains on them and they smell like trash.  This place is trash stay away!!! Close your doors your embarrassing not just yourself but Las Vegas!