If I could give this place 0 stars I would. My boyfriend and I are bartenders and know how the whole restaurant deal goes. We came in around 5am for breakfast and we get it: It's early in the morning, drunk people are still coming by to eat, plastered from the clubs, it gets annoying. 

Once we arrived, I was super stoked to eat. It's beautiful inside with the neon lights and a retro Diner! It was so cool looking.

Food: I got the eggs Benedict with the poached eggs and he got the crab cake Benedict with poached eggs. The eggs were NOT poached but mine was still delicious, he wasn't so hot on the crab cakes.

Drinks: We started off with waters and decided to get Bloody Mary's since I saw a few reviews saying they were delicious, so we gave it a go! First off, the cocktail waitress took 15 minutes to get to us and the bar was not busy and the restaurant itself wasn't that crowded. She finally came by and we decided to get mild spice with Kettle One Vodka (for 2 - $21). Keep in mind, they only put single shot liquor in their drinks unless requested a double. Secondly, we tasted absolutely no alcohol and even with a single shot you can taste a little something. We tasted watered down Bloody Mary mix lol was completely disappointed.

Our server: Amanda was sweet. Towards the end, we shouldn't have to wait more than 20 minutes for our bill and was even more frustrated to see her just sitting down at a table talking with someone I'm guessing she knew right across from us. Get it together girlfriend. I'm sure working in Vegas is a hit or miss with tips but decent service can make a huge difference. 

When it came to our bill, we kindly asked if it was possible to take my drink off since I barely drank mine and my boyfriend was a trooper and drank mostly his. She rudely said that problem doesn't go to her, it's all on the bartenders and she'll get the manager for us.... okay. 
The manager came by (Austin, we THINK. Pretty tall dude with brown hair. I don't know, I probably heard his name wrong) ANYWHO, we kindly told him what the deal was and he suggested to put an extra shot because they can't comp off drinks for whatever reason. We declined the suggestion since I no longer wanted to continue drinking it regardless but we still had to pay. The bill ended up being $56.61..... 

I personally and strongly don't recommend this place.