Let me begin this review by saying the 1 star basically goes to management for handling the situation myself and my niece were in a few nights ago when we dined here before going to see a movie. I had never eaten here before, and I did indeed check the reviews before entering this place, but I threw caution to the wind because they had less of a wait time than Yard House. Oh boy, that's where I went wrong.

The hostesses were pleasant, and the wait really was not that bad. But then we were sat in this strange booth that was completely separate from the dining room and it was on the side of the bar, but not a part of the bar either because there was a railing between us and the bar. 

I'm not going to completely document our experience, but I am going to highlight a few of the more deplorable offenses. The waiter sniffed my drink to make sure it was Dr. Pepper. WTF moment number 1. We ordered pretty simple dishes because we were indeed going to see a movie. My niece ordered a BLT with the Doritos Mac & Cheese side dish. I ordered half a house salad and the Loaded Baked Potatoes with the Pulled Pork. We then proceeded to wait for 45 minutes before our waiter arrived at our table to tell us there was a big party taking up the kitchen and our meals would be out "very soon". So, we missed our movie. Luckily there was another showing an hour later.

Next, we waited again for our food. During this time the manager came up to us and apologized, comped our meal, and gave us a free dessert.

The meal finally arrived. They brought the incorrect sandwich to my niece. She ordered a BLT and it was a turkey club. She had to wipe all the turkey off of it. The salad was a poor excuse for a salad with tiny witherlings of shaved carrots. The loaded baked potatoes were okay, but the drizzling sauces they put all over it were not my thing. The Doritos Mac & Cheese was seriously one of the worst things I've eaten in my entire life. My niece and I both agreed would wretch right there at the table if we had another bite.

We then awaited our cookie (minus the ice cream) so we could take it to go. We waited, and waited, and waited. Our server arrived to inform us it was still being cooked (we already about to be late to the SECOND MOVIE SHOWING). I decided to leave, so we walked out the door. Our waiter (running) met us at the door of the movie theater to give us our absolutely cold and disgusting cookie.

Sad excuse for a place. It will not last.