I WILL NEVER get food from here again.
I was completely dissatisfied with the food.
We ordered a custom vegan 14" pizza. We topped it with vegan sausage. We ordered the veggie meatball sub and the vegan cheesecake.  Delivery. 
The pizza was inedible. They used so much sausage you couldn't taste anything but the sausage. It was hardly warm. 
The sub was alright. Not enough sauce on it, the meatballs were dry. The fries that came with it were soggy and cold. 
The vegan cheesecake was disgusting. I mean, I don't expect vegan food to be that amazing, so the bar wasn't set very high. 
SOOO all in all, everything was cold and tasted gross

So I decided to call the place. I talked to the manager on duty and explained to her the situation. She told me that she couldn't do anything at the moment because she didn't have that type of authority. She told me that she would contact her boss and explain to them the situation and she would give me a call back. She gives me a call back and says "yeah there is nothing I can do but offer you a discount on your next order because the only thing we messed up on our end were the fries". COME ON! You had your chance. You could have remade the pizza. You could have took it off. You could have offered a gift card. You could have not been condescending. You should take pride in your food and the quality standards. 
It could have been fixed in a number of ways, but this place chose not to. 
I will never be back. 
Also, you should have an email on your website, so customers can contact the owner or management. As an owner you should give your managers authority to make things right, but you have chose not too.
If we were dining at the restaurant, we would have sent those items back. Would they have made us pay for the inedible food if we were to dine there? Would they have said "we'll get ya next time", instead of remaking the food so that it was at quality standard? I have no clue, but I highly doubt that I wouldn't have to give them a one star rating on yelp.