I just celebrated my 21st birthday and chose to come here with a family member who lives in Town. Had a great time at the TAO night club( pretty busy and not cheap drinks but the vibe is great and so is the decor.)

Then headed down to the casino.. Had a good time there. Met a lot of new and different kinds of people. Very clean and nice. Love the decor in the hotel too.


However, I went to have a drink at the bar ( they give drinks while at the machines) but because they had different games- i went there to try it. However the asian man there ( tim) who, fair enough and I had no issues with, asked for my ID, and then a blond woman took it, went away for 5 mins or so, and then she "could not take an out of country ID".. (My ID being CANADIAN) and was issued by government in two forms of id.. she then asked if I had a passport, and to which I replied" Uh, no, not to to a place like this." (Which most do not as the possibility of it being stolen or lost is too high when gambling, liquor and new environments. 

Now in Canada, it  is mandatory to show two forms of Government issued ID to purchase liquor, cigarettes and go to bars/be served. I was not given ANY issues whatsoever at red lobster, at the casino lobby, or at TAO for my "out of country ID" but this woman because she works at the bar, feels as though she has the right to deny someone because of a reason such as that when the ID is being issued by a western, aligned country with US as well as a recent and updated version.

In fact I also showed her a GOVERNMENT LETTER FROM THE GOVERNMENT OF CANADA about my ID and my American Bank Card that I had to provide a ID for inorder to get. She continued to give me attitude and refused me service. I had to go and get a pink bracelet and get "verified" by the security that it was "real".

I was disgusted by this woman's attitude.. she( as man next to me pointed out) was encouraging hookers and others drink and stay at the bar but gave me a hard time for sitting there. I was not even "welcomed" to sit until I had it "verified".

it was a COMPLETE TURN OFF


and even TIM the other bartender offered me an apology for how rude and disgusting that woman acted. You can blame her 100% for any loss in the Casino bar. 


In her opinion, i can get sent drinks for free without being checked at machine but cannot be served at the bar.


What a JOKE.

I hope the Venetian staff take note of how power hungry this woman is and how little power she actually has.

Paying good money to be treated this way. Disgusting.