What a waste of $60. Seriously, I rarely pay that much for a meal out per person and this was spent on the blandest most subpar Italian experience of my life.

Let me break it down list style.

1. Menu is limited. Think In-N-Style. You select an item and it comes with: unlimited red/white wine, soup or salad, garlic bread, and a dessert cappuccino (aka a hot chocolate). $24.95 - $49.95 per person, based on meal option.

2. Since a friend and I arrived an hour early, we waited at the bar, I ordered a diet coke and she a beer, and two apps: fried mozzarella & fried zucchini. Total: $34 The fried cheese and zucchini weren't anything special and we're $9.95 a piece and we're just average.

3. Once our full party arrived, I learned I couldn't transfer my diet coke to the table, which was annoying. Our orders placed, soup, salad, garlic bread, and wine came to the table quickly.


4. Since it was late (9:45 PM & they close at 10:30 PM), our table was seated in the only room with other patrons. It was packed and loud and we all felt squishy.

5. My friend and her sister split the Veal Marsala ($31.95). It cost them an extra $13 for splitting a plate (because you get those included extras) The veal was overcooked and rubbery. I ordered the Steak Pizzaiola, which is basically a large piece of meat with marinara served with a side of garlic cream spinach. The steak was the blandest, least flavorful slab of meat, ever. The tomato sauce (calling it marinara would be a grave misjustice  to Italians everywhere) was also lackluster. Price point for this disaster $28.95. These two entrees came with a side of ziti and more of that tomato sauce.

6. Lastly, the check came and so did the post meal cappuccino which tasted like a hot chocolate. This stuff was delicious. Rich, chocolatey and creamy. Nothing reminiscent of a cappuccino, not a hint of frothy milk.

The service was weak, the food was tasteless, and prices were gauged. Don't eat here. You'll be full, but you'll feel like you were just ripped off. 

Butt-istas Hole in the Wall is what it shall be named henceforth.