This was our second visit to Cafe Moulin and the difference in service was night and day. I regret that I didn't write a positive review last time, but unfortunately this experience really outweighs that previous good one by a lot. 

The restaurant was not crowded but there was one table of four that was quite loud and an empty table in a quieter section. Previously we were told to sit where we please but today when we went toward the empty table we wanted we were told by the waitress that we had to sit in a specific table, namely one foot away from the loud group of four. My fiance and I couldn't really hear one another over them. 

It was hot inside the restaurant and while everyone else got ice water, we got moderately warm water. We even overheard her apologize to another table about the slightly warm ice water. When she came to take our order she had two glasses of ice water with her but specifically said that it is for another table, which was very strange to hear. 

My fiance ordered a savory crepe with salmon and cream cheese. I wanted to make a slight modification to the sweet crepe I ordered, subbing out white chocolate for just butter and maple syrup on top, but with the raspberry and mascarpone unchanged. She said this is not possible because the crepe is premade... which made no sense as there are two people right there making fresh crepes. I asked her to please check, and the chef said it is no problem and that nothing is premade. I would hope they aren't serving microwaved precooked crepes. She came back five minutes later again asking about my order if I wanted just a plain crepe with butter and maple since the one i ordered comes with raspberry the cheese. I said I want that stuff just with the substitution I requested. She went and said something to the chef which I could not hear but can only assume to have been to ignore what I ordered and just make it like the menu describes, because that is what I got. I ate it because I was starving and in a hurry but this treatment and service was awful compared to before.

I'm not sure if we will be back. Bad service and waiters screwing up orders happen I know, but there's only so much I can put in a review and only so much a person can tolerate. I hope Cafe Moulin works with their wait staff a bit to improve consistency. It felt like we were receiving worse service based on our age, as the other clientele was older than us visibly and all received much more attentive service.