I don't even know where to begin about this place. Easily and without question, one of - if not THE - worst dining experience I've ever had anywhere, let alone in Las Vegas. First and foremost, this is NOT a new concept. These Mongolian grill places have been around since the early 90s (see BDs Mongolian Grill for example). We wanted to come here because of the great Yelp reviews, but after our experiences, I'm convinced that the glowing reviews are fake.

We came in with a group of 6 for dinner on a Saturday night. We were seated immediately in the back of the restaurant, which afforded us a tour through the dining room which quickly revealed that the place was essentially empty; I'd say less than 20% of capacity. That alone should have been our first tip.

The service throughout the meal was ridiculous. At one point we genuinely wondered if we were being Punk'd or something similar, it was so bad. Server would try and take a drink order, but forgot his note pad. Then he went to get that, but forgot his pen. Left again and came back, to take our orders and went through the table. No joke, guy came back to the table 3 more times to clarify what people ordered. A) We ordered off their cocktail menu; B) Didn't you just write it down guy?!

Drinks arrive, and it was a universal reaction after a toast a look of bewilderment and puzzle came to everyones face. The drinks were generally awful. Little alcohol, too many mixers/ingredients, and a complete disregard for basic mixology (given the name, we expected a LOT better). We all switched to beer or wine for round 2 to avoid further disgust from the bar.

The appetizers come out and are mediocre at best. A check in from the server goes something like this:

Server: how is everything?
Me: Eh, its just okay.
Server: Excellent! (turns and walks away)
Me: ???

My wife ordered off the menu, and went for the "king crab" fried rice. She couldn't even eat it. The rice bordered on raw, with a disturbing amount of soy sauce, and the crab was so over cooked, I think you could have used it as a toothpick. She clearly didn't eat her food and our server, was of course, completely oblivious. The rest of us ordered the "buffet" (which truth be told, is really what it is), and it was generally fine, though what do you expect when you basically make it yourself?

I think the absolute worst part of the whole thing though was the "entertainment." On a Saturday night, 8:00pm, they brought out a "comedian" and a singer. The singer was fine, and if she were the only act, it probably would have been okay. But this "comedian" was atrocious. Completely and utterly atrocious. In a span of about 45 minutes, we heard the same bit at least 3 times. None of it was even remotely funny. And unfortunately, his attempts at humor required him to stoop to raw vulgarity and derogatory jokes. There were several kids in the restaurant, and you could see the disgust on the parents faces. Several tables were complaining and got up and left, and the dining room was mostly empty by the time we were finally able to get our bill and get out.

All in, we paid about $100 for mediocre service, average food, and horrible ambiance. Hoping this place shutters quickly so we can get a legitimate restaurant in here quickly.