I chose to eat dinner at Keg Steakhouse about two months ago.  Even though I would consider myself to be a cultured individual, I do not have a very cultured palate.  I enjoy American cuisine for the most part, so when I was in the planning stages of my trip to Canada, I definitely searched for more "Americanized" restaurants.  Keg Steakhouse came up during my search for restaurants serving more "Americanized" food and since it was only a couple of blocks from my hotel I decided to give it a try my second night there.  Upon my arrival I noticed that the restaurant was VERY dark and busier than I had expected it to be at 8 PM.  I was told that it would be at least an hour before they could seat me but that I could eat at the bar if I didn't want to wait.  I don't drink and generally don't like the smells or the loud jarring chatter that I know to be expected from drinkers sitting at a bar, but I was very hungry and didn't want to sit around for an hour either, so I accepted their offer and was seated at the bar.  

My waitress was very friendly and attentive. I asked if the "mushrooms neptune" (mushroom caps with crab and cream cheese served with fresh bread) were good and she said they were delicious so I ordered that as an appetizer.  The mushrooms neptune were ok, but not as good as I'd expected.  The cream cheesy crab filling and the fresh bread were good, but the mushrooms themselves were absolutely tasteless.  I had also ordered their iceberg wedge salad during my first few ravenous minutes at the restaurant because, like I said, I was starving and the description of it "tomatoes, crispy smoked bacon, buttermilk ranch or Bleu cheese dressing" made my mouth water.  The salad could've been great, but the bleu cheese dressing was tasteless so I was pretty disappointed in that as well.

For my main meal I ordered what I order at steakhouses in the states, a filet mignon with a stuffed baked potato.  I ordered everything at the same time so my eyes were bigger than my stomach when I decided to order SO MUCH FOOD but I told myself that I could take whatever I was unable to finish back to my hotel to eat later.  With that being said, I decided to order the larger 10 oz "bacon wrapped" filet mignon.  I also asked for a side of marinated mushrooms because I really enjoy them with my steaks at home.  The steak was disappointing.  I have never had bacon wrapped steak before, but at Keg it did nothing to enhance the flavor of my steak.  It came with barely cooked red and green peppers.  There were absolutely NO juices flowing from my steak, ZERO.  Just a slightly moist juiceless steak with an overwhelming smell of undercooked red and green peppers wrapped in fatty inedible bacon.  My mushrooms were not anything like the sauteed mushrooms I order at home, they were about as bland and blah as the mushrooms neptune mushrooms, no flavor whatsoever! 

I ate a portion of my potato and some of my steak and asked my waitress if I could take the rest "to go" and if I could please have the check.  At home, every restaurant I've been to brings "to go" boxes or containers out to ME and has me put my food in them to take home, but my waitress took my food in the back to box it for me in the kitchen.  At the time I was pleased with the friendly service even if the food was disappointing so when I got the hefty check I gave her a generous tip.

The next afternoon when I heated up my food I realized that my waitress had tossed out my barely eaten stuffed baked potato and the barely eaten sauteed mushrooms that I had paid extra for as a side.  That annoyed me because I had been looking forward to the potato to accompany my bland steak.  Later that day I opened my laptop to search for places to go that evening and to figure out where I was going to eat dinner.  The Keg steakhouse menu was still open on my laptop from the day before.  It was at that time that I became really ticked off because I realized that the wedge salad and the sauteed mushrooms which I had paid EXTRA for came WITH my meal under the section "Keg Classics".  I had only looked at their "Steak and Prime Rib" page and didn't think to look further.  Had I turned the page I would've seen the section "Keg Classics" which listed the 10 oz filet bacon wrapped filet mignon with baked potato AND sauteed mushrooms AND wedge salad for $43. My waitress withheld this information from me and charged me $40 for my 10 oz bacon wrapped tasteless filet mignon with baked potato, an extra $5 for the tasteless bland sauteed mushrooms AND an additional $9 for the tasteless wedge salad.  Wow.  I can politely overlook a bland overpriced meal, but I consider what she did to be dishonest, which is why I feel the ONE STAR minimum that I have to give them with this review is extremely generous.