**I mention the different nationalities because I feel that we were discriminated against, and to help the managers identify who I am talking about**


The restaurant was kind of empty around 4PM

This place did NOT respect our group at all. We were 5, and 3 of us are Arabs, and for some reason all the people/hosts at the front desk did not even bother to look me in the eye while I was talking to them telling them that we need a table for 5 people, it was basically them acting like they do not hear me talking, and that happened when I just stepped into the restaurant, I did nothing at all, so I dont know why they did treat me that way, and after that, the table waiter was even WORSE!! 

Only the American baker/cook actually answered my questions about different types of desserts that they had. Our waiter was RUDE and very disrespectful, we ACTUALLY asked another waiter to take care of us, and that second waiter was kind, and he took care of our food, he sounded like he had a British accent, but I dont know where he is from, so if you recognize this waiter, he deserves your tips, he is a nice guy.

I don't know if we got that treatment because we are Arabs, but it definitely felt like it...it definitely seemed like we were descriminated against, thats the only logical explanation, since ALL we did was sit there, and order food, nothing else. So the bad treatment can only be explained by racism. we were 3 Arabs, 1 Asian, 1 Eastern European. 

Our Asian friend asked for water 3 or 4 times, and the first waiter kept bringing 1 cup of water at a time from the kitchen, and place it in front of someone, but not our Asian friend, he left him WITHOUT water, even though our friend did ask him to bring water for him, that waiter kept going in and out to bring 1 cup of water each time, but he never gave water to the Asian guy.

I will never go back, and I will make sure that everyone I know hears about how they feel about Arab/Asian customers in general, I will recommend that my friends take their family and friends to ANY OTHER restaurant, were they will not be treated that way.

FUNNY FACT: only the NON Turkish employees did treat us in a normal way, but some of the Turkish employees were RUDE and very disrespectful, the hosts at the front (two Turkish looking LADIES, one with black hair) and the waiter (a Turkish GUY with black hair).

The manager (older person) was cool though