I went to Las Vegas with my boyfriend at Christmas. We were very excited to have the full Vegas experience, including a Las Vegas Buffet. After researching the buffets in the areas, we settled on the buffet at the Bellagio. 
The line was around the corner and crazy but it was Christmas so I was willing to wait for a good Christmas Dinner. 

We waited in line for three hours and paid $40 a person. The food was ok. There were crab legs and prime ribs, both of which we pretty mediocre. I wasn't impressed overall, especially after the wait. 

The reason I give this buffet only one star is based on their level of customer service. I waited in the line for beef, prime rib or turkey. When I got up to the server, I was trying to decide and turned to ask my boyfriend what he thought I should get. The server started yelling at me. He said, "Hello. What do you want? Hello!" He spoke to me like I was taking forever and the conversation maybe took 10 seconds and there was no one in line behind me and my boyfriend. I was so shocked by what happened. I'm pretty quiet and not used to being treated that way. I chose quickly because I was confused. When I chose, he served me and rolled his eyes. Sheesh! So much for the Christmas Spirit! 

This was ridiculous! I had waited for 3 hours in line on Christmas and paid $80. As a paying customer, I have never had anyone treat me this way.

 I asked to speak to the manager who was very receptive but distracted. He heard my complaint and went to the back of the restaurant (to talk to the employee?). He came back about 20 minutes later and apologized. He blamed the problem on the employees being "union workers" and offered to comp our meal. I appreciated that he dealt with the situation but I did not want a free meal. I really just wanted an apology from the person who yelled at me. I wanted to know that he was aware that his customer service skills were not acceptable. I wanted him to realize that with the state of our economy, he was lucky to be working in one of the top hotels in Vegas. I just wanted him to think about the incident and not brush it off as an unreasonable customer. The manager assured me that the situation was being "handled". In talking to our waiter, he mentioned that this was a common problem. 

Overall, besides this incident, I would say that the food was very mediocre at best. It was definitely not worth the 3 hour wait and if a friend asked me for a recommendation, I would promote another place.