This the most RACIST hotel and casino in USA. NOT ALLOW TO ENJOY HOTEL AMENITIES AND CASINO BECAUSE OF YOUR NATIONALITY. 

"" The extreme form of Racism ""

Do not spend your money in this hotel for either the room or casino, just enjoy the design of public area and then there are better places in Las Vegas to spend your money.

They don't consider Middle Eastern and Indian as human. They behave as if we are animals. 

We checked in in this hotel. The staffs checked our passport and ID and they offered us membership card. 

My husband registered for membership and they issued his card and gave him complementary play as welcoming gift for new members. 

After one hour the same day, I went and registered and double check if I can have a membership card as well. The lady told me you don't have any issue you can register.
When I went to play, another staff come and asked for my ID. She kept my ID for 1 hour. And when I asked her what is wrong. She totally ignored me. Thanks God that at least she like my husband to answer his question. Just saying that "SECURITY Will EXPLAIN". 

We were shocked because we didn't do anything wrong that she called security. The security came and said we will cancel your membership due to your nationality. He said you can only stay in your room or go to restaurants.

When I told him we come to hotel to enjoy, he said with the sense of humor "you can go and enjoy in Indian casino in California"
They they took our ID very rudely and  asked us to get out of casino. 

 The hotel is disaster since it take about an hour to get your baggage in your room and also 1 hour to get it when you want to check out.

My question is: 

1. How come I can go out of casino in this hotel since to get to the room I have to go through the casino??????

2. If you have a rule, it should be for everyone.. if you allow the others with the same nationality and then suddenly you cancelling my membership and do not let me play..... it means that you are creating rules for those that you don't like their face.

3. There is a rule in every casino that you should be above 21 and show your ID for proof. They bold this and this rule is everywhere in casino and hotel. But in this announcement nothing is mentioned regarding nationality restrictions. If you have rule for nationality you should bold it and mention it like all other casino and hotel rules. 

4. When we wanted to check out because of this issue, the supervisor talked so rude. And said I ca. Not help you. You can check out but we will charge you for the night.
5. Seriously???????? You go to hotel to enjoy and they force you to stay in your room????????