The girls at the hostess stand were very nice.  They helped us look at the menu and made recommendations and convinced my friend and I to eat here.  Well, I should say they convinced us to try to eat here, because no eating was done.

We were seated at a table squeezed between two other tables.  That was fine though, because one table was finishing up and the other was eating.  One waitress went to the table to our left four times while we sat there...once to clear plates, then to drop the check, then again to pick up the check and finally to bring the receipt.  The table to our right had another waitress serving them and she checked on them, as well as three other tables to the right.  She even had to bring one table five "to go" bags!

The table to our left was cleared once the people took their receipt and left.  Unfortunately, the lady sitting there forgot her coat, but the waitress talked to a bus boy and asked him to see if he could catch her.  He couldn't so they put the coat behind the bar.

Why am I telling you all of this?  Because that's all I can tell you.  We sat there while numerous employees were inches from us, interacting with every other customer in the place but not a single server made eye contact with us, offered us water, said "be right with you" or acknowledged that we existed.

I went up to tell the hostess who sat us that nobody was serving our table and she shrugged and apologized but seemed helpless to understand that if nobody is going to serve a table, you probably shouldn't seat people there.

So we went down the block to Ten Penny where actual people recognized that we were hungry people who wanted food and drink and were willing to pay for it and had a great meal.

I get that on a Sunday evening when you're busier than expected, service might suffer.  But just tell me that up front and I'll go somewhere else rather than sit in a restaurant for 15 minutes being ignored and dissatisfied and end up writing a one star review for your unacceptable level of service on Yelp.