I thought this through and bounced this occurrence off my colleagues that were with me that night. They are in agreement with what I felt.

Last week Friday I was at the Bellwoods Brewery with a few of my work colleagues. It was insanely busy. So the waitress suggested we try out Odd Seoul while she put us on the waiting list to return there. So we took her advice and made our way to the Odd Seoul. Our party of three entered and requested a table and mentioned that we were waiting for two other guests. The waiter said we can't have a table if we're waiting for two other guests. We found that strange being that it is considered a Korean\dive bar. A dive bar by definition welcomes everyone and doesn't turn away paying customers. We were just looking for a positive experience. 

After we were deterred from a group table, I decided to stay for a drink myself. Standing at the bar with the back of chair in my hand ready to sit beside another empty seat and order a drink; the waiter cut me off with his arm and took the seat away from me saying he needed the seat for this lady (Caucasian) and her guess whom it was obvious wasn't there yet. I thought to myself, that's funny after my colleagues and I were just denied a table because our other two guests weren't there yet. I don't know about anyone else. But it came across as if he didn't care for the darker shade of skin. Racism? If I'm wrong the owner should address this! Like I said I pondered on this for a few days and thought it through. My two colleagues are Caucasian and one of them were from out of town. We did not feel welcome! And it was made obvious especially after they left and I stayed behind! There is no fiction here. I wrote the events as if it were caught on camera. 

A little bit of hospitality and respect is all we expected! We will never consider this place again as an option! We went back to the Bellwoods Brewery and had an incredible time. They kept us on the list, even after we left and reserved a table for us. Now that's great customer service!

The rating system won't let me leave the star blank for  zero. Even one is undeserving!