Based on the taste of the food I would go with 4 stars but an awkward experience with our server pretty much ruined what could have been an excellent 1st Hawthorne's experience, and all over a 1/2 ramekin of ranch dressing so I'm giving 1 star.
My husband and I visited tonight. We ordered a mozzarella cheese stick appetizer, a side salad with ranch to split and an 18" Elizabeth pizza. App and salad came promptly. My husband put the ranch dressing on the salad. It wasn't much, maybe was half filled little black cup. So he flagged the waiter down and requested another dressing. He was told "sure, but it's .75. Is that okay?" To which we both said "no, that's not okay." But my husband said whatever, he didn't agree with it but he'd like another dressing and to please bring it. So the waiter brings him a 1/2 a ramekin of dressing. These are the little 2oz plastic ramekins, so he's been given now, a combined, full amount of dressing. We addressed that with the waiter, that our 2 - 1/2 containers were actually only one, and we eat out a lot and think that's just ridiculous to charge extra for. Then the waiter got awkward and said "I know, I cringe every time I do it but I don't make the rules I just have to follow them." Then he didn't come back around to check on us, someone else brought the pizza, checked in on how we were afterwards. He did come box our food up when we were done with our pizza and brought our check. And he said to us "I paid for your ranch."
To which we said no, we would pay for the ranch. He persisted no, he already paid for it and I said "well then I'd like to tell your manager to give you back your .75" then he said "well actually my manager took it off." Here's the thing. Aside from 1) us thinking them charging us for something so ridiculous when I've also ordered $35 worth of food but then 2) make us feel awkward during our visit but 3) to LIE to me and say you paid for it. No you didn't. Your manager took it off. It didn't come out of your pocket. As if to get sympathy that he did something special for us. Nope. I don't like liars. 
Major fail Hawthorne's on potentially gaining new regular patrons. Now I'm thinking I won't return.