Okay. I am completely taken aback that this place has such a high star rating. My husband and I dined here on October 4, 2009, the day after our wedding, while we were on a mini-vacation at what used to be the Ritz Carlton in Lake Las Vegas. We made reservations here because we thought it had the most appealing menu (LOVE French food) of the restaurants in the village, and we wanted our first dinner as newlyweds to be exquisite. If only the concierge had warned us, I wouldn't have ended up at the Mexican bar across the way at 10PM starving. 

We started off with the grilled artichoke. This was probably my mistake because I have never actually eaten the leaves of an artichoke, only the heart, but hey, it was my vacation and I wanted to try something new! They bring out the artichoke with a nice herb aioli but I didn't know how to eat it. I'm sitting there scraping the stuff off the leaves with my teeth (which is apparently correct), but it just didn't seem right because I was getting very little artichoke and mouthfuls of aioli. So I grab the first person I see since my waiter has not visited me, and I ask her how to eat this. She's totally clueless and has to find my waiter. He comes over and tells me he THINKS I'm supposed to scrape it off with my teeth. Okay. Great. I don't finish it. 

We order entrees and it takes FOREVER for them to come out. My husband ordered the pistachio crusted salmon in lavender sauce and I get the prime NY steak & frites. When our entrees finally come out, I see the waiter holding a plate with my steak on it and it is literally wobbling. Who butchered this steak so that it is wobbling on a plate and won't lay flat?! I don't judge this book by it's unprofessional cover and decide to give it a taste. The sauce is amazing but due to the terrible way this steak was cut, the entire edge is way overdone and the disproportionately thick middle is barely medium, the way I ordered it. The fries are pretty yummy, but get soggy because of the sauce running from the steak which I don't touch. I send my food back and don't even want to waste anymore time here because by now, we've been here for more than an hour to see that my entree is inedible. My husband finishes his fish which he said was pretty good, and we book it to the only place that's open at 10PM in the village. They seriously ruined my night. Maybe I just had a bad experience here, but I prefer Pamplemousse or the Eiffel Tower Restaurant ANY DAY over this.