The only reason I'm giving this buffet a "1 star" is because it doesn't allow you to just "leave blank"...which is how I would describe our experience. Let me start by saying that this place is over rated. We thought by the atmosphere & reviews that we would give it a try for the first time. So we went on 3/19/16.

Well to our surprise (after waiting in line 30 min) the price was increased by 30%. Why?...according to cashier St Patrick's Day. Not trying to be biased but give me a "major" holiday & I'm willing to pay the extra fees for my Autistic 5 year old son...who doesn't eat but a few choice foods. To be more specific he literally ate 2 small square pieces of pizza & small bowl (more like dipping cup) of mac & cheese. We didn't decline to go elsewhere for the fact our children were hungry & after waiting in line patiently...deserved to sit & eat.

Most ppl would probably question why we even took our two children there in the first place...Well again for the experience. But to pay almost $50 a person (ages 3+) is just plain taking advantage. Yes! That's what we paid for each x 4. Then when we asked the manager why they charge so much for children. His response was "we can't put an age on it as some children of similar ages consume a lot of food". Then my husband asked "if you can't put an age on it, why is over the age of 3 charged at adult rate?". Your still putting an age limit in it! 

The manager couldn't answer, just to say that's the way it is. I will also say of the many places we stayed the ones who treated us with more "respect" and "courtesy" were less than "4 star" rating...go figure. As I mentioned before we had high expectations and were very disappointed by the way we were treated. We will not be back & hope others who do continue to go don't have children...or disabled children for that matter receive this type of treatment. Because I don't want to bore anyone I won't go into the menu...only to say mine & my daughter's plate was full of blood from the (oh so rare) meats...which we could not eat.