okay, i was pretty thrilled when i heard there was a new restaurant on mill ave and to top it off it was vietnamese!! my husband and i are always looking for good locally-owned places to eat and after entering the name of the restaurant into google there seemed to be many good reviews so we decided to give it a try last night. 

upon entering i was rather impressed with the interior and of course, you couldn't beat the location! well, that was pretty much the best part of our visit. we were seated and being it was a thursday evening and the restaurant was still new...it was rather empty, but there were a handful of people sitting outside.

the menu was plentiful and there were lots of things to choose from so i was pretty excited. i ordered my usual "pho" and my husband ordered "bun bo hue"....two signature vietnamese dishes. we also ordered a mixed platter of spring rolls.

let me start by saying that i'm extremely easy to please when it comes to vietnamese food (even though i'm vietnamese). being raised in southern california, i've had my fair share of vietnamese restaurants and i've been to them all....the "hole in the wall" places and the swanky locations as well. and usually i'm pretty happy with the food...no matter where i go.

so our food came out....after almost 30 minutes of waiting!!! the rolls were pretty decent, but definitely not traditional...really fresh, but rather normal..nothing to write home about. once our soups came out everything LOOKED great, but that was about it. husband's bun bo hue soup lacked any real taste. it was as if they just put a ton of chili sauce in it to make it spicy and just added hot water. it was so incredibly bland and the dish was just poorly made. my pho was just as much of a dissappointment. for such a signature soup, i was really expecting more and it was extremely below average. i ALWAYS finish my pho and i didn't even get through half of this.... 

now the finale...after a lame meal, we were left with a check of over $40!!! WTF!?!? i could have gone down the street to khai hoan (which i highly recommend to those who really want to know what good vietnamese food taste like) where their service is fast, their price is much more reasonable, and their food is superb! 

i will never come back. the service was horrible, it took forever for her to come take our order and she never came to check on us once. the food was totally over-priced when you could get the same exact thing at a more authentic vietnamese place for half the amount. my parents were coming in to town this weekend and i was really excited to take them to a new vietnamese place, but i surely won't be taking them here. do yourself a favor and visit khai hoan on apache before going to this place. ugh.