Well. Perhaps their pastries are excellent. Maybe their cupcakes are delicious? I wouldn't know because I never got past the owner who didn't really seem interested in my business. I have driven by this place MANY times and have always wanted to stop in so when I decided that I was too busy to make cupcakes for my daughter's birthday this year, I thought, "HEY! I'll go to that little local place to see if I can give a small business some money and I'll bet their stuff is WAY better than any of the grocery stores." So I went. I walked in and there truly was a very large selection of very authentic looking European pastries. There was even Rugelach which I just adore and had planned to buy when done checking on the cupcakes. 

It should be noted at this point that my request for cupcakes was a little special. I wanted strawberry cupcakes with chocolate icing or vice versa. My daughter had requested strawberry and I thought it might be difficult to do, but since I love my 6 year old, I thought I would check for availability first before moving on to something different. So I asked the first very nice young lady behind the counter if they had special order cupcakes and if I could do the strawberry thing. She said that they only sometimes had that flavor but she would check with "her" and come right back. (I'm assuming "her" was the owner.)  SHE was on the phone so again, the first VERY nice young lady asked if I could wait and I did for about 5 minutes while perusing a very LARGE selection of pastries.

So SHE (I never got her name) was now out front talking on the phone and then hung up so I approached and the 1st young lady repeated a bit of what I wanted and SHE (the presumed owner) started to get a look of doubt across her face about the strawberry and I reiterated that icing or cake would be fine, I wasn't picky. She did a bit more "hummmm.....and hmmmmm" and then said, quite rudely, "Well, I don't know...this ISN'T Betty Crocker."  

I was completely taken aback. I think I even straightened my back and pulled my head back a bit and said, "Well, I was just asking the question." And SHE stared back at me blankly. At that point I was pretty much done so I said, "OK then. Thank you." And I walked out.

Now. I don't like Betty Crocker and I don't bake for a living but even I know how to make a strawberry cake or at least a frosting but the point is I have a hectic schedule and I don't have TIME to do it. So how anything strawberry was so puzzling to this woman is a mystery to me. And instead of the smart mouth retort she could have offered me alternatives. Which is EXACTLY what Safeway did because that's where I went next and they didn't have strawberry either. However, the nice lady at Safeway (at 107th and Olive) wasn't rude and helped me to find something that would work nicely and fit my budget. So I got 24 chocolate cupcakes with pink air brushed icing and sprinkles. AND the clerk showed me how to cut and fan a strawberry that I could put on myself to make it cuter. Will they taste as good as New York West Pastry and Bake Shop? Probably not, but I guess I will never know.