I can honestly say this was the worst restaurant I have ever been to in my entire life. And I don't even have high standards. All I need is mildly decent service and pretty good, inexpensive food. This place didn't even come close to that. It was seriously laughable. 

For starters, there isn't a normal menu. It's this weird small menu stuck to the wall that is crazy overpriced and the food wasn't even mildly decent to justify it. You have to order an entree dish and it comes with garlic bread, soup or salad, some pasta dish, a coffee, and a complimentary glass of red or white wine. No a la carte or appetizers possible. 

Our waiter was the most socially awkward person ever. He didn't make eye contact and would walk away from our table as we were placing our orders. We would start talking to him and he'd start walking away from the table every time mid-conversation like he had somewhere else really important to be and he couldn't be bothered with us.

I kind of feel like we were on the show boiling point from
MTV. We kept expecting someone to pop out with a camera telling us it was all a huge joke. It was that uncomfortable. When we finally got our food, our waiter forgot our complimentary wine and when we asked if he was going to bring it he stared aimlessly over our heads and responded saying yeah, like he was really confused and then finally brought it over. We also asked for bottled water and he brought us a carafe of tap water when we specifically asked for bottled water.  Also, even if you aren't eating, if you have a bite of someone else's food they charge you $13.... Wtf is that?

There was a 70 year old man who came to each table serenading you with his accordion hoping for a tip which was just so sad and awkward. It made us feel so uncomfortable especially when he finished and none of us had cash. So weird. We just wanted to eat real quick, no serenade needed. The food was nothing special either. My boyfriend ordered the meatball dish and asked our waiter to have his meatballs cut into smaller pieces and they came in full form. So clearly the waiter didn't listen to his request at all. Also, we never received any side pasta dish like the menu said you would get with your entree. (Not like we wanted it anyways with how horrible the food quality was). But still, you expect to get what you pay for. 

All in all this place had horrible food, extremely unprofessional staff and made us very uncomfortable. Do yourself a solid and go elsewhere.