I just ordered from this place for the very first time considering the fact that Eat24 recommended it saying that they will deliver and it will take at least 45 to 60 minutes. Knowing where it was located I thought I would take a shot.

They offered Coney Island style hot dogs which I've always loved especially from Sonic and I figured why not? I decided to complement the meal with some mozzarella sticks as well. Biggest mistake ever. The place took well over an hour and 20 minutes to finally arrive. When I called the restaurant after an hour of waiting to inquire about the status of my order, they told me "Yes they should be there any second". To me, 'any second' means less than five minutes which this was not. The order finally arrived twenty minutes after I made the call to the restaurant and taking a few bites of the hot dog I must say it is extremely bland.

I don't know, maybe the way I feel about having not received my meal as efficiently as promised contributed to this but the cheese is runny, the onions are extremely potent in their odor, the hot dogs taste rubbery, and the chili tastes like it came out of the can very thick and goopy, really no taste at all.

The mozzarella sticks leave much to be desired; not hot at all and the cheese inside of them, very rubbery and elasticy.

The french fries that they gave me, I didn't realize would come with the meal it almost seems like they were desperately trying to get me to be happy and say "Here's something that everyone in America loves! French fries! No matter what, everyone loves french fries!

Nope, will not be ordering from this place again. I do not recommend, and again when it came to delivery, they showed up after an hour and 20 minutes. The gentleman at the door said nothing when I opened it. He just held out his arms towards me with the food in one hand and my soda cup in the other. No 'Hello' no 'Here's your order', just simply holding it up for me to take and when I took it, a quick 'So long' and he was gone. Real nice customer service...

Will not be ordering from nor will I be recommending this place to anyone ever again.