I have only been to vegas a handful of times(just not a party person anymore).. My husband and I however decided to come to vegas for my 30th birthday. In the past we have always enjoyed staying at the Venetian and thAt is why we continue to return despite it being g one of the more expensive hotel/ casino on the strip. We were so excited to get away for a couple days and excited to stay in the beautiful rooms the Venetian has to to offer. That's about where our enjoyment of this hotel ended,upon pulling up to check and check our vehicle into valet we were greeted (well not exactly greeted) by a very unfriendly valet who had an uppity better than you,we found this to be common behavior by all the employees outside of two(a very kind Russian woman and a bell boy). There was this snootiness that all the employees had and o was disgusted by the rude and sharp way they spoke to us as if this hotel was to good for our money(because we were staying in there basic suite) this isn't the first time my husband and I have gotten this type of behavior because truth be told we dress very punk rock in roll and between my plugs,colored hair and our tattooos and his beard people are constantly treating us like we are up to no good. The irony is that we are two of the kindest people and always ready to help,we own a very rapidly expanding business and inthw next year will be very well off..My point is don't judge based on looks,which is what the employees did time and time again. The funny thing is we had planned to return later this year and book one of there much larger suites,but as of know we will not. 
 Outside of the hotel and it's employees behavior and I was incredibly upset about the lack or actually no communication,we placed a room service order for breakfast and quite literally 2 min later decided we wanted to go out instead. We immediately contacted room service to gently make sure it would be ok to cancel since there is no way the could of started the food,they behaved as sure fine and the. 45 min later brought the food anyways and tried to charge us for it even though we sent it back and had informed the. If the change immediately after ordering.. 
  Upon checking in and getting into our room we awaited our bags to be delivered (we had been given two different times 10 min and 20min)no worries ,it's a big hotel and we understood.So 10,20and the. 30 min passed ok well a few minutes after they said but (we could wait to eat),45-50 min later still no bags so we call the front desk and they very rudely said that the ticket we had given to the check in person was never put through and we would have to wait,finally over an 1 hrater our bags finally arrived.
 There were a few other little things but those and the prior frustrations are not what would keeping us from staying here again,it was the prior mentioned behavior that ruins it for us. So thank you Venetian,you made it very clear that the there are other special occasions people come to vegas for and that is why I do not try to even do anything a little nice and behave kindly,you made it abundantly clear that our money is not good enough for you and made it crystal whom you considered a valuable guest 
After one night we moved to ARIA WHERE WE ENCOUNTERED EXCELLENT SERVICE AND VERY FRIENDLY PEOPLE WORKING THERE