EVERYONE AND ANYONE NEEDS TO KNOW HOW AWFUL THIS ESTABLISHMENT IS!! 

I bought a groupon thinking it would be a great experience while my husband and I and another couple visited las vegas. In the print in the groupon it says only one groupon per party so we were all four well aware that we would probably have to sit at seperate tables while we dined so we could take advantage of both groupons. 
So we made reservations, took a cab for $30.00 to this place, ( take note this place is off the strip and first pulling up looks like a hole in the wall, grungy, not nice as you would expect from a brazillian restaruant )
We then proceeded to tell the employees that we have a groupon and would be sitting at different tables, different checks etc. 

About a minute passed after we were sat when a gentleman I presume must have been the owner came up and told us he could not let us use both groupons because we are the same party. At the point I said "we are not the same party we are seperate tables seperate bills, im not even sitting with them at the same tables" I am not exaggerrating when I say that this business owner or whoever he was sat there and argued with me and told us that he saw us come in together same cab and although we are at different tables because of the fact we know eachother he will not let us use our groupons. He also proceeded to ask me like im some idiot " can you not understand me, let me explain this to you. " he even printed out the groupon to show me it has to be seperate parties. WE WERE IN SEPERATE PARTIES..... 

we ending up leaving not using our groupon and I am so thankful for that because look at these reviews below. People get sick, the meat is raw... um the owner patricia whoever whatever she is swearing at customers who left a bad review calling them fucking liars and sad human race. Seriously what does that tell you about this establishment?????? 

All of it makes sense now there was not one other person eating in this restaruant when we were in there. 

BERTOLUCCI BRAZILIAN STEAKHOUSE is BY FAR the worst customer service I have ever had.. in my life. DO NOT GO HERE. 

lets see what kind of restraint Patricia from Bertolucci has when responding to my review.. whether she'll cuss at me or call me a pathetic human.... 
stand up business right there.