I have been waiting a while to write this review because I was torn. I am always on the hunt for farm fresh, healthy food. I find that the west valley is seriously lacking in this type of cuisine. I think it is a great idea to bring this here, and if it was done right, it would be successful. For example, Paradise and Jasons deli are always packed. Also a Wildflower bread is on its way, and I think it will do well. 
I think Field Kitchen would have done a lot better if it was opened in its own location, and not taking out a crowd favorite of Sweet tomatoes. There are many loyal sweet tomatoes customers who are upset about the change. Try this in an empty building, don't take peoples favorite thing away. This building was not designed for their new concept and just trying to fit it in the cheapest way possible. The flow and feel of a restaurant is very important. It sets the whole foundation for the experience. The flow here is off like many reviewers have pointed out. What was a good idea, had poor execution. 
Anyways, we went to this on the opening day. I was excited but wary because of the change and the increase in prices. Again, I would have been a lot more excited if it wasnt at the expense of the normal sweet tomatoes and at a separate place. But being the food adventurer and wanting something healthy, we wanted to give it a shot. The first thing my husband noticed was the change of staff. There were a lot of hipster young kids. I am not sure where they came from, maybe somewhere in the east valley. I guess they are trying to market towards a younger edgier crowd than the traditional patrons. We went through the same spiel as the others when we sat down. It was a confusing concept but we got it. I am not a fan of confusing concepts but they dont break it for me. For example, I still love Paradise even though the different stations are a little confusing too but maybe because I was introduced to Panera first and they have a better flow. 
Anyways, my parents went first. My dad is hard of hearing, and I don't think he got it, and he got frustrated and just ended up with a bowl of chili and did not want to go back to get something else. So he was pretty hungry by the end. My mom ordered one of the gourmet salads. She was very disappointed. She ordered a chef salad, and there was barely anything on it. I think they missed half of the ingredients, and put some flaccid meat on it. It was a terrible looking sad face salad.
Next, we went up. I wanted to try one of their gourmet salads. The salad maker was so excited that I wanted to try one because not many people were, but then I asked if soup and stuff were included and was told No. Um, what? I am paying a premium price for this salad and I can't hit the soup bar? That is messed up to me, especially since you order in the same line. So I cancelled that, and got the soup and salad bar.
My salad was good. I can't think of any topping I was missing. I did miss the premade salads like the asiago cesear and coleslaws. I got the the dressing spinner, and picked out a dressing. I didnt like that the dressing went all over the bowl, I had some things that I did not want dressing on. It was annoying, and I mean seriously, paying someone to do that is a waste. 
Then,  I got to the 3 soup choices. I was thoroughly disappointed that I could have soup or macaroni and cheese.  
I also did not like that it wasn't all you can eat. Most salad bars are all you can eat. That is the appeal of having to make your own salad, so you can try different things. Jason's deli has a small salad bar, but its delicious and you can go back. What are they doing differently that Field Kitchen cant do? 
The bread station was good. I didnt taste any difference in the butters. It seemed like a marketing trick to think you are getting gourmet butter, but there is really nothing different or special.
We didn't bother with the yogurt. Our experience was just lacking that we wanted to get out of there.
Its sad. I think that it was a poor execution to try and get more money out of their customers and they took a crowd favorite out. Now we will never have a sweet tomatoes by us. 
We have gone to the metrocenter one a few times, but not to the extent we were frequenting the Arrowhead location. 

Will we be back? Probably not, I will just go to Jason's Deli, Paradise, or Wildflower.