Folks, consider this review a friendly warning. I gave SAM WOO one star, but I would have given it half star if I could.  My wife and I had eaten at this place many times before when we visited Las Vegas in the past.  Face it, when you had several buffets, steaks and pizzas. you would really crave for a bowl of hot wonton noodle soup topped with roast duck on a cold night.  That's exactly what we ordered.  The food was decent before. This time, it had left a bad taste in my mouth.

For my story, first, let me set the scene so that you get the picture. We arrived Vegas on 24th.  After a few buffets and burgers. we wanted some Chinese food, so we decided to go to SAM WOO.  When we walked in, the place was completely mobbed and many large parties for 5 and up were waiting. Customers with waiting numbers were literally standing in front of the table where sat down customers were still eating. So it didn't take long  for a table for  2.  We were seated about 20 minutes later. We were given a small table very close to the aisle. The hostess slapped the menu on the table and since we knew exactly what we wanted, we waved at the waiter to order. He came but the whole time during my order, he never had eye contact with me. He came back minutes later with a pot of lukewarm tea and put down 2 tea cups which his had his thumb inside. 

The tea tasted like it was served to the previous customer. It was barely warm. So we asked him for 2 glasses of iced water.  The wonton noodle soup and the chow-fun came after about 20 minutes. The soup was terrible. it was not hot and the wontons tasted like old chopped pork wrapped in soggy wonton skin with no shrimps them. It didn'ttaste like traditional wontons. After 30 years in business, this is how SAM WOO makes the wonton! And the noodle was soggy ( probably it sat in the soup too long. At this point, I thought a cup of Roman Noodle sounded pretty good, Chow Fun was ok though. So my appetite was somewhat ruined. We wanted to get out of the restaurant so bad as we were not happy with the food nor the service.  

I waved at the waiter for the check. He gave me a bill for $24 but along with it, there was a white slip of paper with $27.60 written on it. I knew the 2 items should be about $20 before tax. I waved down the waiter and questioned him about the total. He had the gall to tell me, because of the holidays, there is a $ 1.00 per head tea charge, with tax it is 24. The 15% tip calculated after tax being added was mandatory. I said I didn't asked for the tea (which was cold), and if  tea charge is the new holiday policy, he should inform the customers before serving the tea. Anyway, I didn't want to hash it out with the waiter, so I left the money on the table for the check amount plus tax and 10% as his service. And I told the table next to me which was a family of 6 ordering many dishes about their sneaky practice. I advised them be watchful of the bill. I did notice a couple of big parties leaving cash tips on the table on top of the snuck-in tip on the bill without realizing the tips were already included on the bill. A large party could easily run up to a $100 - $120 even for noodles and soup. If the waiter sneaks in a 15% tip on a $100 bill, that is $15 dollars for service on the bill. If customers didn't look at the bill carefully and tip him again. That's shady practice! I hope the restaurant's management is reading this so that they can change their way of doing business. I truly believe the waiters would not dare to carry out this practice without the consent of the management. I used to work in the hospitality industry. There is no such thing as mandatory tip. Gratuity is a reward for good service rendered.  If an establishment forces the gratuity on the customers when the service is sub-par. the sneaking in the tip is bordering line committing a consumer fraud without prior information given to the customers. Every charge should be clearly listed on the check and additional special charges must be informed to the customers. When we make a reservation for a party more than 5 people, some restaurant will inform the customers there will be a 15% ( sometimes 20%) service charge on the bill. SAM WOO did not inform the customers and took advantage of the holidays and gambling on people feeling hesitant to make a fuzz.  I was about to ask to talk to the manager, but second thought, it was Christmas and the placed was crowded with people. So I did the next best thing, get out of there leaving what I believed the correct amount was plus 10% which is more than what he deserved.  

I will never go back again. I believe a restaurant has to try hard to gain the customers' business and trust. As a customer, would you get yourself upset by eating in a place serving low quality food  and service was so lousy that you had to spend an hour writing and bitching about it!  Folks, stay away. If you do decide to eat there, watch for any discrepancy on the bill, the waiters are sneaky.