Four times. That's how many times I have tried their food. It's delicious - at least the Chicken Tikka Masala, Peas Palou and Naan. 

The first time I ordered my food over the phone. I waited the requested timeframe and went to pick up my food. It took an additional 20 minutes sitting in the restaurant for my food to come out. 

The second time I ordered I did it online. I waited an extra half hour before going to get my food. It was still not ready on arrival. We had to hang out in the parking lot for another 15-20 minutes. 

The third time, yes I should have already learned my lesson but my brother and sister in law REALLY wanted Indian food and I did not want to drive all the way to Indian Delhi Palace on McDowell. So I relented and I ordered online again. I waited 30+ minutes before leaving. Surprise. My food was not ready. We waited who knows how long. When we got home they had not given me all of my food and I HAD TO DRIVE BACK to get the rest of my PREPAID ORDER!!! He thru in an extra Naan, $4.95. Great! That absolutely does NOT cover my gas, time, energy and missed time with family!!!

You would really think I would "cut bait" by now. But my brother wanted Indian food ONE MORE TIME before leaving and he enjoyed his Vegetable Korma SO MUCH that he requested I go back. EVEN THOUGH I had already said I would NEVER go back. But I love my brother so I gave them another chance.  I waited 35 minutes and went to pick up out food. When I walked in the gentleman calmly went behind the curtain and pulled my order off of the fax machine. They had not even STARTED IT!! 15-20 minutes he says. 20 minutes later I go in. No food. An hour after my original order time, no food. When it FINALLY comes out I ask if it's all there. "Yes of course it is."  I checked. No, I was short 1 order of Vegetable Korma and Lam order of Garlic Naan. And they gave me Sag Lamb instead of Sag Chicken, and they would not exchange it.  Unbelievable!!! I cannot believe how SLOPPY they run their business. They clearly could care less about my business. That's fine, I won't come back.