I've been to this restaurant a couple of times in the past. As I remember, my family and I would come here on Sunday for lunch. From what I recall when I was younger, the food was excellent, the service was great and the environment was modern.

Unfortunately it's seems to be a downhill slope. The environment is stale dated and the customer service is absolutely terrible. We arrive to an empty restaurant other than 2 other families, we were sat right in the middle. If you've been to summit you'll agree it's a large restaurant. I asked the manager if we can relocate, my mother is 65 years old and needs her space. The manager refused to move us. His reasoning was we only have a family of 3 and we're small, him being aggravated he picks up the tables and moves it closer to another family. I found this ridiculous.

Being Mother's Day, my mom was dead set on their lobster dinner here. We ordered the Mother's Day special, this included Veal & Carrot Soup, BBQ Beef, BBQ Chicken, BBQ Pork, crispy half chicken, 2 pound lobsters and a fish dish which I can't remember the name. Overall for food portions, quality and price... It was okay, the lobster was over cooked, the BBQ dishes were over salted. My mom enjoyed which made me smile, that's what mattered to me.

In the middle of our dinner, it started to get busier. We noticed the manager and an employee were arguing near the bar. If I understood Mandarin I'm pretty sure it was a lot of cursing. At one point, we thought the manager was going to hit his employee. The family beside us stepped in to tell the manager to calm down. Another family was recording this incident. I was too caught up in the moment. Pretty sure the manager just fired him in front of everyone. I felt bad, a child here was scared and crying over the loud yelling...

Overall Rating:

Food Quality: 7/10
Food Portion: 8/10
Service: 1/10
Environment: 1/10

I don't plan coming back. I hope the management can use this review as constructive criticism and clean their act up.