Okay so, let me just say that I like Magic Oven.  I think they have a great product and concept.  I'm all about healthy options, fresh ingredients, gluten free options, veg options, good meats, local, yada yada yada.  I've done walk in a number of times at Magic and I've always enjoyed my experience.  I never mind paying top dollar for quality food.  On my last trip to the Jefferson location, the pizza was good and the staff were nice.  Other than some clown's dog barking out the window from the apartment above, the experience was good.  

The problems only arise upon delivery.  Sunday night was the 3rd time I've ordered delivery from Magic Oven (Jefferson).  I feel like every time we do delivery, my girl and I look at each other a few bites in and say, "This is kinda shitty.  I don't think we're gonna order from them again..."  
Sunday night:
Order called in at 8:02pm
Oder arrived at 9:24pm.  Really?  90 minutes later?  I called about 70 minutes in to find out where my pizza pies were...  the guy said "yeah, we're just really busy".  Shiiiiit, son, handle your biz.  It's Sunday night, it's cold and raining in Toronto... Sounds like Pizza night to me, bro.  
Delivery guy arrives, and he's super nice and all smiling and shit...  I think, okay, cool, whatever.  Hopefully the food is worth the wait.  
The order:

The wings were pretty bland and not actually that warm any more.  They actually might have been the worst wings I've ever had.  
The fries were soggy and warm.  
(Yeah, I know...  Don't order fries or wings from a pizza joint).  

The pizzas were both not hot anymore, a little dry, pretty bland and kinda cardboardy (I don't recommend the $2 brown rice crust upgrade).  
One of the pizzas was pretty spicy too, although there was no mention of spice.  

The damage, w tax - $51 and then I tipped the driver $7. 
All in all, a wildly disappointing pizza experience.  

Dear Magic Jefferson, hire more staff, put more sauce on your pizza, invest in some hot pizza insulation bags that work.  Oh, and stop making wings.  
Also, if you're slammed and my pizza's going to take 90 mins to arrive at my door, just say it, and I'll make sure to start the movie later so that I'm not biting into my cold pizza as the credits roll.