The draw of Sierra Gold: decent food, great prices, nice interior/furniture, flexible hours, and location. Sounds like a recipe for success. Great way to screw it up: inconsistencies with food quality and more importantly, customer service. I've been here more times than I can count and it was a solid choice for quick eats and gatherings. After my last experience, the chances of another visit is zero. 

One month prior to a surprise party I was planning for Ruben's 30th birthday, I called them for information regarding their VIP lounge. I was told that it was just $40 to reserve the room and that a menu wasn't required (guests could order and pay freely). It was perfect for what I needed! I asked for a particular date and after being on hold for a few minutes, the associate confirmed that the date was available. Before providing my credit card information for the deposit, I confirmed that it was indeed their VIP lounge, etc. Everything was good to go and I was stoked! I created invitations, secretly invited guests, and planned how it would all go down.

I arrived at SG approximately 30-45 minutes prior to the time I asked the guests to gather, so I would have time to set up and ensure everything was in order. I informed someone at the bar that I had reserved the VIP lounge. She responded with a gentleman's name and I said no, while confused. She said she would check with the manager, but that she may have seen the wrong name. I waited for a couple minutes next to the VIP lounge when the manager came to speak to me. He informed me that another individual had reserved the lounge and that the information showed that I reserved a dining area on the left side of the bar. I urged that there must have been a mistake because I specifically asked for the VIP lounge and I was told that it was available when I paid last month. He explained that what I described was impossible since the lounge had been reserved months in advance. WTF. I lost it. 

The next few lines are everything I, angrily, told the manager. I could not believe that someone was idiotic enough to provide me terrible information and created a false reservation. I'm certain that someone, if not that person, discovered the error along the way and didn't even think of contacting me about the change! If I knew I was reserving a dining area, I would never have been okay with making a deposit AND more importantly, if their lounge wasn't available, I would have gone somewhere else. It was extremely inconsiderate, especially knowing the importance of the event we were celebrating. I was devastated. I had this beautiful party planned and Ruben had absolutely no idea what was going on. His closest friends had already started arriving while this was happening and it was almost time for the party, so finding another location was not an option. Of course, all I wanted to do was leave. Nothing could undo what had been done. I was infuriated.

As horrible as the evening began, everyone was extremely accommodating and kind. The manager happily refunded my $40 deposit when I requested it and when I finally decided to stay, he said that they would take care of us - they ended up comping one of our H/H pizzas ($10) on our $28 bill. He was also apologetic and our server was really attentive. Therefore, I commend these individuals for trying to salvage the night. Unfortunately, the damage had already been done.