Juicy steaks, rich gravy, and scrumptious desserts is what I went expecting at Affy's. Having heard a lot of praise I was very excited to go. My parents aren't big fans of steaks and went out for kabobs dropping of my two sisters and myself at the small Pickering strip mall, to what we hoped would be a great evening. When I go to a restaurant there are three things that I look for, that make me want to go there and those three things are atmosphere, service, and above all great food.

Let's start with the atmosphere, the name "Premium Grill" makes you picture solid wood tables, family style seating and large chairs right? WRONG. I'm not the skinniest person in the world but this was the first time I had trouble fitting in my seat, well booth anyway. The cramped dark beige booths and particle board tables take me on a flashback to the 50s silent films, the horrid red wallpaper and tacky dim lighting make it feel more like an interrogation room than a family restaurant, definitely not a good place for a party of any sort.

Great service is one of the things that can make your food taste better, it really can and at Affy's it definitely doesn't. The waiter came to us before we even opened our menus! When we were ready to order,I politely called him by name and said excuse me three times! Only to see him gathered with the other waiters throwing balls of napkins at each other and laughing!! 

End all be all of a great night out, the food: Okay, so after the most uncomfortable 25 minutes ever at a restaurants the "waiter" finally took our order. I got the fillet minion (midrare) and a root beer (25+3), my sister got the sirloin steak w/ shrimp (midwell) and a coke (20+2.5) and my youngest sister got the 7 ounce NY strip (midwell) and a chocolate milkshake (16+5). We also got a cream of mushroom soup (soup of the day, 3.5) and a poutine (4.5). The grand total with tax and tip was a single $100 bill. Pretty pricy for only 3 people. Frankly I have no idea why I left a tip any way. So my fillet minion came well done, despite having a mid rare toothpick I sent it back then it come blood raw, with white fat! The waiter refused to take it back saying I got what I ordered, despite telling him I ordered mid not blue rare it still took 5 minutes of arguing from him to get a properly cooked steak. Tired of complaining I ate half of my "midrare" fillet which again came back well done, again. I had to spit out the burnt mushroom and the runny cream. The poutine was not made from fresh potatoes believe you me, insanely salty gravy with fake processed chase. The sides were also disgusting from crunchy rice to mashed potatoes with more garlic than potato and enough salt to de-ice a driveway. Not bad enough for you? How about a chocolate milkshake that barely tastes like chocolate and that nasty gravy smothered over my sisters' steaks, rubbery shrimp and the worst, most vinegary, spicy, disgusting soup I have had in my life. Also the exact same sirloin steak and shrimp combo is available at steakhouse chains (which I will never go to because there chains and not halal, are $9.99-11.99, just to show you how overpriced this crap is).

I hate the fact that these people take advantage of good hardworking Muslims who have no other halal western restaurant to turn to. All I know is unless the management changes I am never going there again. One of the worst experiences of my life.

Update: I did go again, was invited by unknowing family friends, just as crap, raw chicken, shoe leather steaks, are you people dumb?? This place an expensive Mcdonald's with worse service and prices. The ribs are vinegary enough to a kill a horse an insult to the farmers who raised the meat, the chef should hang his head in shame, think about the innocent plants, animals and overbearing rocks (salt) that their gave their life to nourish us, treat food with respect of close your doors, I serious have nothing but pity for you.