Like many Yelpers, I was eager to try this new "French" bakery/cafe. It was very disappointing and probably not worth another try. There are way too many good restaurants all over Chandler. I ordered a bowl of French onion soup and the turkey/Brie sandwich. My husband ordered a Caesar salad and tomato soup. The food was basic. Nothing special to report. The French onion soup had a minute amount of unmelted cheese on the top. Longhorn makes a nice French onion soup FYI. Let me echo the sentiments of previous reviewers. The place is pretty and expansive. It was nearly empty on arrival last Wednesday 4/11. There is a set up for two lines: take out/ bakery on the right and dine in on the left. A staff person came up and told us we could sit down, look at our menus and then order. Once we were ready, there were some staff behind the counter but no one near the registers. The same girl materialized and took our order and then we paid her. She screwed up and just put me down for a cup of soup. Screwing up orders is a common theme among fellow Yelpers. It took a very long time to get our food. In the meantime, we watched the creepy manager in the purple shirt pass his number to a girl who appeared to be friends with the immature staff "working" there. I use quotes because the group assembled wearing dorky berets appear to move at a very social, leisurely pace. Oddly, their "bakery" is a very small,underwhelming display case. We finished eating and had to get in line for the "bakery". The guy behind the counter is pretty bored with his job. He makes no eye contact. Son, I hope you're focused on school otherwise get used to working at jobs that bore you, and grow a personality. Unbelievably, we couldn't just order our cookie and scone, pay and receive it. Mr Misery said: "name". So we got to stand there while they changed the cash drawer and tripped over each other. Then Mr. Misery called our name. The cookie and scone were just okay. I cannot fathom coming here on a busy day. There's just no way! There is another location opening over at San Tan in Gilbert. We may brave that one. Most likely just for coffee and a muffin though.