Read previous reviews for details on prior bad experiences, but here's another one.

First, if I've had so many bad experiences why do I keep going here?  I have the top level players card here and get lots of dining credits.  If they're going to expire and friends are in town I'll take them.

Anyway, I went with some adults and kids the other night and it was just as bad as ever.  Sadly, our waiter was Florin, who I wrote about at length in earlier posts.  I mean, even 2 years later the name still sticks in my mind as someone who is incompetent as a server.

We were seated quickly enough and given water by the assistant.  After 5+ minutes, Florin finally comes over.  At least he's cheery and has a good demeanor, but every other part of service was awful.

We were there for at least 15 minutes before we got any bread -- and we had to ask for it.  If it was busy then I could see them maybe getting behind on or running out of bread, but it wasn't even half full.

While we all ordered at the same time, all of the kids food came out 20 minutes before any of the adults food.  In fact, it was A FULL HOUR from the time we sat down until the time we got food.  We didn't order any appetizers and ordered within 15 minutes of sitting.

When the food finally arrives it's another shitshow.  Two steaks ordered medium well are actually in the medium-rare to medium range.  We even explicitly ordered them butterflied because it makes it easier for the chef to get the doneness correct.  Tater tots are overcooked, and the mashed potatoes which are normally quite good are a bit watery and grainy.  Additionally, I'm not sure about how common this is but I think it's very odd that the only filet mignon offering is wet-aged.  Dry-aged is the norm because it has better flavor.

Anyway, I get finished and give the payment card to Florin without even getting the check, cause I know it will take forever with him.  Sure enough, he has our card in his possession for at least 10 minutes during which everyone else finishes the meal, we get boxes for leftovers, and the table is cleaned.  We're just twiddling our thumb waiting for Florin to actually come back with the check.

Seriously, manager of this restaurant or F&B manager at the M or someone, please actually assess whether your waiters are doing a good job.  I get it, some people like the food and some people don't.  But if I've come here over 10 times in the past few years and 80% of the time I'm getting bad service then it HAS to be happening to other people as well.