This place is AWESOME!  I'd recommend everyone take management's advice and try your entree with the chef's hair...it truly is something you won't get anywhere else (we'll...you'll get it here and there, but mgmt probably won't promote it).  

If you are slightly adventurous like me, order the clay pot with beef stew and turnip.  When I got mine, there was a hair on one of the turnips in the stew (I'm definitely one of the lucky ones...don't be jealous Lana Del Rey!).  No big deal, i get that it happens...so I wait until my waitress checks on us and point out the hair.  The waitress then picks up the pot for a close inspection and acknowledges that it is truly human hair (good thing she did, since my vision at age 34 is deteriorating quickly).  She then holds the pot, looks at me, and asks what I would like her to do (she is young..i'm guessing in her early 20's, speaks English fluently, probably grew up in Phoenix and is part of the restaurant owner's family, at least to my understanding).  Since she is new to this culture of 'eating out at a restaurant', I advise her that my preference is for the kitchen to re-make me the dish.  The waitress gives me a stunned look (since I am asking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow) and tells me that the hair is only on one turnip.  She then puts the clay pot back on the table, and provides me her advice.  She (and Confucius) says that I should simply remove the turnip with the hair from the stew and continue eating the dish.  (Whoop, there is it!).  

My first reaction was that this was crazy, but then I realized... the human hair was actually being used as an ingredient in giving flavor to the stew/broth.  Although not meant to be eaten, it was one of the magical ingredients that made the food at Nee House special.  No wonder the waitress looked at me like I was a leprechaun (and not the lucky charms type, more like the scary 90's movie version...you know the one they did so many sequels of)!

Well, it is May, but Happy St. Patty's Day, and go check out Nee House!  It is a dining experience you won't forget.  

Tip: Keep your fingers crossed you get the early 20's female waitress (I think she's the only one in that age group working as a waitress there).  She will make sure you get the royal treatment.