99% of the time, I wouldn't trust yelp reviews (I know, I'm a hypocrite). I'm of the opinion that businesses pay other people to write amazing reviews for their company. Or, someone broke up with a waitress and is using yelp as warfare. However, I may be making a bold statement here, but my guess is that the old, old lady serving us probably doesn't have that many exes anymore who are hooked into yelp. She doesn't move fast enough to rack up the numbers. So, all the bad reviews you're reading on this restaurant...probably true. 

We came here because...Hello! It's Vegas! We needed a nice place outside of our typical Pho Kim Long late night eats. Everyone was feeling KBBQ so we decided to find a place that serves late at night. Our recently arrived guests flew in at 12AM.

I have to give it to her...our waitress tried to make us happy. No, wait, no she didn't. There were two tables at this hour and our service still sucked. She was probably sitting in the kitchen watching her Korean dramas while our grill turned darker than the color of her face when we asked her to change the grill. We would have flagged her down...but she was no where to be found. 

Oh, and you have to love all the hidden rules they like to submit you to. For example, they have (boneless) beef short ribs (Does that even qualify to be ribs anymore???) for one menu (the $26 menu) but you're only allowed 3 orders of it. If you pay th $32 dollar menu, you only get one serving of the bone-in short ribs. Why would I pay an extra 6 bucks just for one serving at an place that calls itself AYCE??? And the banchan sucked. Don't hold out hope that they'll refill it any time soon.

We had a large group so the ONE waitress they had placed us at a table that had only one grill. To make up for it, they gave us a portable stove and placed a grill on top of it. Needless to say, halfway through our meal, the stove stopped being warm and the waitress refused to replace it saying it still has a flame. We had to cook the rest of their food on our grill because no one wanted to die of food poisoning.

This place was overpriced for the quality and amount of food we were given. Never again!