1. My friend asked for a vodka tonic and got tequila in her drink. 

2. I asked for a double shot of whiskey on the rocks and got 2 separate cups of ice on the rocks that were watered down . 


3. I asked for an additional shot of whiskey, and the waitress (Paula) brought me someone else's half drunk shot that was dirty and sticky, accidentally serving me someone's used beverage she had removed. Then when I approached her she stated " I only served you what the bartender gave me."


4. We were treated as if we were 21 year old kids instead of guests who come here frequently, instead of guests that have paid a pretty penny at their establishment. Keep in mind she was serving 2 general managers of multi million dollar restaurants and a financial analyst of a billion dollar establishment, however, I felt like I was treated like a 14 year old trying to buy a drink.

5. I paid for my friends shot  however he was also charged for the same shot. The waitress (Paula) then informed us that their was no way she can reverse the transaction even though she did not close out the checks. (Pending our signatures and I am familiar with infogenesis software) she then stated that she charged another party additional for the shot, however when we asked her to show us the other reciepts that have the "charge missing" she could not prove our case. Then we did not want to keep arguing with her about the extra charge, she then stated that it was her fault cause she shouldn't have given us last call on happy hour. Really? You were upset because you did us a "favor" and told us last call in happy hour? I can pay for a half priced drink or a full priced drink but your attitude will make me take my money elsewhere PAULA. 
We then ended up paying for the drink after PAULA stated that she would just give us her own money to make up for the drink. YOU DO NOT MAKE YOUR CUSTOMER FEEL LIKE THEY DID SOMETHING WRONG WHEN YOU ARE ASKING THEM TO PAY FOR  A DRINK THEY DID NOT DRINK! She then Stated that the next time we come in drinks are on her. How does that help the situation when we are not going to come back and we where currently there then? That does not fix the problem then. Keep in mind we where not looking for free drinks, we were looking to pay for only the drinks we actually ordered!!! What a joke! 

5. While there was a packed room their was a waitress getting a message from a guest while customers where waiting in their items. Don't believe me? Please check the picture I posted. 


Paula, you single handedly ruined my experience by. Your lack of customer service and I would like a response back from your establishment addressing the 5 issues.

Ridiculous.