Overall, this is one of the worst experiences I have had on the strip. Exceptionally low quality food, mediocre service, poor serving choices (plastic cups!?), and WAY overpriced. Avoid at all costs. 

First of all, EXPENSIVE. EXPENSIVE. Yes it's on the strip and yes I understand it's a tourist trap, but I'm not a tourist I'm a local. If you're a local, stay far away from this place. There are spots on the strip that don't charge exorbitant prices just because they can. This is not one of those spots. This place just wants your money.

I ordered "Al Carbon" steak nachos and a milkshake. Let's start with the milkshake.

First, it came out in a plastic cup. A Solo cup-sized plastic cup, and it wasn't full. Second, it is quite thick, and comes with the same straws they use for the water. I can't drink it without the straw because I'll look like some kind of milk-mustached 3 year old. I can't use a spoon because there weren't any on the table. I can't use the straw it came with because the straw is far too small and the shake is much too thick. A buddy of mine grabbed me a big straw from the restaurant next door on his way in. The flavor was not good, just super sweet. A low-quality shake for sure. And on top of not being able to drink it, and not being very good, and being a very small quantity of shake in a plastic cup, it costs $8. WHAT A JOKE.

Steak nachos were awful. The meat was overcooked and poorly seasoned. The quality of the meat itself was extremely low. I asked for no cilantro, it came out covered in cilantro. The cheese and cheese sauce combination was terrible. The chips were cheap junk. There is nothing good to say about them. They also cost $18.

Our server was nice enough; she made a couple jokes and we got along fine, but she really didn't care about us as customers. She saw when she came by to refill drinks that I hadn't touched my nachos. (Because they were awful.) She never asked if they were alright (they were disgusting), she never asked if anything was wrong with them (they were covered in cilantro after I asked her for none), in fact the only thing she ever asked me about them was if I was finished. She didn't ask if I wanted a box when she came to take them away, so she obviously knew I was unhappy with them. Same lack of interest for all the others I was with.