About a month ago, a few girlfriends and I stayed at the Venetian hotel. Initially this was going to be a more glamorous trip for us because the Venetian is a little pricier than most but it had beautiful rooms so we were excited.

After our first night in Vegas, we woke up and were getting to go to breakast when we realized that every single one of us that had money in the room, in our wallets or suitcases that didn't travel out of the room with us was GONE. As each of us checked our things we discovered almost $1,000 had been stolen (including the girl who only had a dollar bill in her suitcase) and 2 sets of speaker systems. On top of that this thief decided to open our mini fridge as well and take several drinks that we would later be charged for. 

Immediately proceeding this discovery we contacted the hotels loss prevention center. They came up to our room to take a report from us. Initially they seemed like they were generally concerned and wanted to help us in any way possible, but told us we would not be contacted for 2-3 business days (after we would be leaving Vegas) with the results of our claim.

Upon hearing back from the hotel they told us that indeed our hotel had been entered during a time in the evening when we were gone. So my question to them was, how can you fix this situation? Their answer: we can do anything about it . I realize that there is a safe in the room that you can put your things into, like the hotel suggested, but no one comes to a 5 star hotel, like the Venetian and expects to be burglarized! 

I am so frustrated and let down by the way things were handled by the Venetian. After all of this was said and done and I continued to ask what the Venetian could do to better my loss of $300 worth of property, they continuously shook my calls off, left me hanging and would not help me. 

NEVER stay at this hotel if you bring nice things with you and leave them in the room apparently it is acceptable to be burglarized and have it shrugged off. I am very disappointed in the loss prevention program and safety of the rooms.  The Venetian, from my perspective is at fault for my losses incurred and I expected much better customer satisfaction.