We visited over Memorial weekend wanting something quick after arriving. 

This place was good 4-5 years back. I hesitated this time because last year I had a bad experience but thought it may have just been a fluke, but after this weekend there is no question we CANNOT come back to this place. It was awful. 

They sat us at a table which had a dirty order ticket on it. This thing was nasty, had what looked like dried meat juices from what must have spilled from another dish. 
The place was actually quite slow, about 4 tables in total. 

After we were seated tea actually arrived promptly.

We waited about 10 minutes and wanted to order. I tried to flag a server who, even after making eye contact and turning his head towards me as I said, "Excuse me", completely ignored me and went to another table. I finally walked up to the cashier and asked the hostess if we could order. She brought over the very waiter who ignored us.

Our order: 4 won-ton noodles and a plate of garlic bok choy. BAD!!! 
The broth was bland and the won-ton had what tasted like nothing more than left over pieces of roast pork as a filling. No shrimp or minced pork or mushroom. Every other won-ton I have eaten consisted of a filling of shrimp and pork minced together. The bok choy was actually okay.
Total.... $49.00 + tip.  I should have listened to my intuition when we first pulled up.

Funny enough when the hostess brought our bill she apologized for the dirty ticket they used. Why did they even use it in the first place?!?! That gross, dirty ticket was the first thing we saw when we sat down. 

We were disappointed. 
Service... poor. 
Food... almost as bad as the service. 
Price ... way over priced 
How do they stay in business?

For our next meal we landed up the street at KJ Kitchen which is only about 5 blocks away on Spring Mtn. Much, Much better. The Vietnamese Restaurant next door to Sam Woo was actually pretty good as well. 

Do yourself a favor, save your time, appetite and money by avoiding Sam Woo BBQ.