My daughter and I went into this place for lunch.  The older-older lady could not understand English very well.  We saw the lunch menu and decided what we wanted.  It was very hot in the restaurant. Must have been at least 85.  My daughter ask the older lady if the AC was on., she answer yes it is on.  It was really to hot to eat.  Anyway, I ask the lady if they had military discount.  She  proceeded to tell me the lunch menu is already cheap.  My daughter and I ask several times about a military discount for future orders.  There was a younger guy behind the counter and he said they do have military discount.  We ask how much would that discount be on future larger orders.  That old lady would not stop, she kept interrupting and saying already cheap. The younger guy looked like he was scared to death of this old lady.  I finally walked out, my daughter told the old lady, that she came across as rude to us.  She said, don't call me rude.  My daughter stated you came across as rude to us.  She just did not understand English.  The old lady would not let the younger guy speak.  WE  WILL NEVER GO INTO THAT RESTAURANT AGAIN.  MY DAUGHTER HAS NEVER BEEN THERE AND NEVER PLANS TO GO BACK NOW.  You need someone who can understand English behind the counter.  You  lost my business and my  entire family business.  All she keep saying was already cheap, at least she kept smiling showing off her new overly white dentures.  She told my daughter that they were only the employees.  I do not see what that has to do with asking about a military discount...LOST BUSINESS...AGAIN THE  OLD LADY DOES UNTERSTAND ENGLISH....That lady is causing you to loss business...you just lost about 18 people in my family for rude behavior and a very hot restaurant... Can not rate since we did not eat there, but I would give it a -10..Very bad service and rudeness on the old lady's part....good luck with keeping any business with her around. Who wants to go to a very hot restaurant and then have to pay for bad rude service?  Not me....