Disappointed. I wanted wait to write this review as I thought our disappointed dining experience was isolated, however, after additional feedback from our friends, it's time to get down to it. First and foremost, the dining concept, itself, is worth a try but the novelty wears thin if the food does not deliver. 

My personal experience was disappointing to say the least. I decided to surprise the boyfriend with a new dining experience for his birthday, yes I am sure that you've read a similar experience in a previous post-yes, it is the same occasion from a different perspective. Long story short, the meal started amazing and went downhill from there. The darkness, although disorienting but tantalizing, once seated we received service fast with drinks and bread. The calamari app soon followed. The dish was promising, the texture and taste were well received, nicely paired with fresh tomatoes bits to provide a nice tart/sweet contrast. Once the server cleared our empty plates, we waited for quite some time in between courses. I ordered a med rare fillet mignon and the boyfriend took the plunge and got the "surprise me vegetarian dish". 

I will start off with the positive. The vegetables on my plate were cooked well, lack any trace of seasoning, but cooked well. The meat I received was less than par. The meat was cooked rarer than what I requested but that was not my grief as I'm flexible on the rareness level. I had trouble understanding its texture, I've had fillet mignon and I should not have to chew through what I could only describe as connective tissues-though cut thin, the pieces were definitely tough and chewy. Not what you would expect at that price point. For the surprise dish, I was very aware that we were served spaghetti squash (we did not need that to be explained, but that's beside the point). The point we are trying to drive home is that it was not good and did not work on any gastronomic plane. Texture and taste is everything, especially with you cannot see the food or be distracted by presentation. The squash fine strands were completely submerged in the overly sweet sauce that obliterated any defining taste or characteristic of the actual squash. In the dark, it felt like you are eating a plate of mushy sauce entangled by random short strands of corn hair. Nothing about that plate was redeemable or worth its hefty price tag. Why we didn't complain or send it back? Similar to the experience of our friends' - recently, we were never approached by the server to ask how our experience was going throughout the meal, lest we shouted out for service and ruin the experiences for the other patrons, we didn't have many chances. Dessert was good, nothing mind-blowing but the 3 small cubular pieces of cheesecake signaled the end of our time there. 

As for our friends' experience, I'll keep it short. I did not be any means influenced their opinion by any means before they dined. Service was not there. Food was not to par, the shrimp dish was over saturated in salt. The other ordered the fillet mignon and was also dissatisfied with what they got-dried and overcooked (also ordered medium rare 

Overall, overpaid for novelty. Food and service left much to be desired and inconsistent. Our cases might be isolated but we definitely do not think that the price or the mandatory tip were warranted. We wish the restaurant all the best and hopefully others will enjoy what we did not.