After a day full of meetings, I gathered a friend, and we headed out to eat some Mexican. I had visions of chips/salsa, and margaritas. We headed to On the Border on Stapley near Baseline but found that this location had closed. Egads. Then we remembered The Salty Senorita across the street. And thus begins the saga. "Hi, are you here for happy hour?". We said no but were seated in the bar area anyway. At least we got a booth. Lucky us, huh? Joe "lots of product in his hair" brought us menus and took our drink orders. He was pushing a certain type of Tequila and I took the bait, with the stipulation "on the rocks with salt". My drink, and my friend's water arrived and we ordered. The chips and salsa AND our dinners arrived at the same timeReally Joe product??? Chips with the meal? FYI, chips and salsa here aren't complimentary, you have to order and pay for them. It was then we noticed ants had taken over our table. At first we thought it was just a couple but noooooooo. My friend brought the ants to the attention of Joe product and he feigned concern but did not offer to sit us at another table. Now my friend is getting annoyed. It's hard to enjoy yourself when you are swashing ants off the table. Our booth was by a window but we didn't see any influx from the window of ants, so we're not sure where they are coming from, but they don't stop. Friend mentions it a second time, and then, again with feigned concern he offers to move us to a different table. By this time we are almost done eating and I just say let's finish and get the hell out of dodge. Our bill comes, we pay, and my friend asks for the manager. Hell, he's even younger than Joe Product and looks like he just woke up, thus we'll call him Bed Head. Bed Head offers to buy us a drink on the house? Really? That's your solution? He said he'd make sure other patrons aren't seated in this area. Egads, no thanks, we just wanted to leave. We weren't after free food, but the offer of 10% off or some kind of compensation for sharing our entire meal with ants would have been appreciated. A free drink? Hey,maybe one of those $60.00 margaritas would have made everything alright! As far as the food goes-I had the chicken antchiladas (get it, lol) with beans and rice and they were dry. I like my enchiladas with oodles of sauce and cheese, and these had very little sauce with a little design of sour cream on them. My friend had a steak and avocado salad. He said it was ok. 
This is a never return place for me.
And a note to Joe Product-chips and salsa should have arrived WITH the drinks, and before the meal.Reflecting back, we were there on Earth day so perhaps having ants share our meal was relevant.
The margarita gets a 7 out of 10 limes as it was pretty good.