I don't want to leave a bad review. However, as business owners, we felt I needed to. The feedback is the only way to change a problem. The measure of a business is not how they handle good situations, but how they handle mistakes, and every business will make mistakes. I made reservations well ahead of time for 2 I'm the afternoon. I stated in the online reservation comment box that it was for our 45th anniversary. We asked for a window table (only one) and for Nya, a server we had before. My husband got a phone call confirming our appointment and our request. When we get there the table had been given to someone else! We mentioned this and was basically told "these things happen". Land he gave a flippant apology clearly not respectful of the importance of this momentus occasion. The table was given to a young hip couple and by what the waiter said, we knew they were just given the table and had not reserved it well in advance. In addition my husband asked why they didn't put a reserved sign on the table and he replied they don't have any! REALLY? Any piece of paper with "reserved" hand written on it should do. They could have made everything right just by caring. Last person who appeared to be the owner or manager just listened to this and never intervened. We were polite, not disruptive but we were clearly unhappy. If I owned the business, I would have said, "we made mistake, I am so sorry. For your inconvenience we will give you a free drink, appetizer, dessert or a coupon, etc." or some other nice thing to do. I would have at least given a warm apology and happy anniversary wishes along with superb service to make it right. They were almost empty at the time. We did something we never do, we walked out before ordering and the arrogant owner/manager didn't seem to even care.! Like I said, we were polite, just unhappy that our reservation requests at an off time were not respected. We went (without reservations, of course) to another nice restaurant where immediately upon entering the door and saying it was our 45th anniversary, they treated us like royalty! We will never go back to Vintage 95 because oh their superior, snobby, uncaring attitude!