I worked in Boulder City for 7 years and never tried this place. Today I find I wasn't missing out on anything. Took the family for lunch. Walking in it seemed a cozy little place where the locals go to talk about their day with about 10 tables. We sat and waited for menus. A lady came over with them and asked us if we would like anything to drink. Ordered water at first. While she went to get our water I found a beer I wanted to try so I waited for her to come back with the water. She returned and I asked for the beer, she says " your waitress will be with you in a moment." Odd considering she was just there to take a drink order. So we looked over the menu and waited 10 minutes for the waitress. We ordered. Kids got breakfast and my girl got the Veggie burger with soup. I ordered a Philly Wrap which was described as " brimming with roast beef with mushrooms, peppers and steam melted cheese." I also ordered the beer. The beer came and we sat and talked for another 10 minutes when the waitress came back and my girl asked for her soup. I guess it's not normal for them to serve it right away. It was Minestrone and flavorful but lukewarm at best. 10 minutes later the food came and looked good except for all the lettuce on the Philly Wrap and the soggy curly fries. Who puts lettuce on a Philly Wrap and doesn't put it in the description on the menu which should have read "brimming with lettuce". I was too hungry to send it back and find something else so I picked the lettuce out. My girls burger arrived with more lukewarm soup. Uggh. At least the breakfast looked good. Kids gobbled it up. Waitress doesn't come around very often and a waiter showed up out of nowhere filling our water. We finished our lunch and I had to ask the gentleman to find my waitress for me so I could get the bill, asked him about the lettuce on the wrap and was told that they always put in on there. I explained that it should have been on the menu, which I wouldn't have ordered it. He was very dismissive about it. He took our card and off he went. A couple minutes later the waitress appeared with the bill and no card. Hilarious. Obviously got the minimum tip. We told her about the wrap and the man we talked to who she described as the "owner". Pretty sad. Needless to say we will not he back. Ever. Service was bad and the food was subpar. At least the beer was decent. I'm guessing most reviews are from the tourists that pass through town and don't know their options which is sad. I can think of at least 10 better places to eat in Boulder City.