The worst walk-in pizza experience I've ever witnessed in my 42 years of life. No exaggeration. So unbelievably bad that I basically just shut down (mentally) in the process. 

Lunchtime. Weekday. Around 1:30ish. Day of this review. Saw this place as I was driving by so I decided to check it out. After all, I felt like some pizza.

First thing I noticed as I walked in was how HOT the damn place was inside. A/C must have been down (or maybe they were too cheap to have it on), but it wasn't a deal breaker. Little did I know, this was the brightest, biggest red flag that was ever waved in my face, and I completely ignored it.

Walked up to the counter, trashy woman appears from out of the kitchen area (so trashy, you noticed it at first glance). She doesn't greet me, doesn't say a word, just stands there looking at me with a dumb look on her face. Finally, I say: "Do you guys have pizza by-the-slice?" She replies: "No" in the most monotone voice ever. At this point, I'm looking at the menu and she doesn't offer any other alternatives. At this point I should have my head examined for not walking out. 

Long story short, I ended up ordering a calzone and a drink. For the "drink", she gives me a can of soda (no ice, no cup) and tells me "20 minutes". Okay, maybe the place didn't have cups or ice, but you'd think someone with half a brain would wait to give you the drink AFTER or at least ask. I shut down in disbelief.

I have a seat and I start to realize just how hot the place actually is now that I've settled. It's VERY uncomfortable. So I'm sweating my Filipino ass off as I'm sitting there with my unopened can of root beer and thinking "I should get my money back?" But something deep inside is keeping me from having to ever exchange a single word with the trashy woman ever again. I decide to avoid interaction at all costs. Also, it was a card transaction, so that wouldn't be a cash refund, which meant, a few words of exchange. Remember, I'm in shut down mode.

And just when you think it couldn't have gotten any worse...

Trashy woman BLOWS HER F*CKING NOSE right at the counter. Loud, too!!! I couldn't make this sh*t up. At this very minute, I think I'm in some trailer trash nightmare that I can't awake from. It's surreal. Like, I'm in a comedy sketch or something. I was waiting for someone to say "Hey, Jeff. You see those cameras over there? You've been Punk'D!". But that wasn't the case. I shut down even more.

20 minutes later she hands me my order. No napkins. No condiments. Took it back to work. Ate a couple of bites and threw it away. Couldn't. Lost my appetite. Lost faith in mankind. Boy are we in trouble. 

I forgot to mention, while all this was going on, her 7-year-old daughter (I feel sorry for her because she's going to grow up just like her trashy mom) is sitting in the damn dining area watching Youtube videos (loud) or something; not really a big del, babysitters/dare care cost a lot, I get it; but in the context of everything that happened, it definitely doesn't help. 

I'm usually vocal about customer service and speaking/standing up for myself, but as I've mentioned several times, this unfortunate series of events just shut down my psyche. The chemical reaction in my body went to "sleep mode", rather than, I don't know.... uh... murder? 

Anyways, if someone, anyone, the owner, the managers, someone who is not trashy, is reading this, you might want to add a dollar to whatever hourly wage you're giving these trashy people you hire.

I'll tell you this: Every opportunity I get, I will go out of my way to ensure that everyone knows that there's most likely snot from the scummy people you hired. You guys have no standards.  I will NEVER come here again, I don't care about how many locations this "organization" has. 

You should be ashamed of yourself. Keep my money. There's no way I'm taking this review off Yelp.

P.S. The place smelled like fetus sh*t too. Forgot to mention that little detail. Screw you YELP for not giving me the option to choose ZERO stars.