I take my BBQ seriously and because of that I researched on-line via Yelp and other sites various reviews of BBQ places in Madison, finally deciding on Smoky Jon's No 1 B-B-Q.  Clearly the ribs have been highly reviewed so I actually went for the full slab.  Then it was a choice between the chopped pork sandwich and the brisket sandwich, I went for the pork sandwich from my fond memories of the same in Alabama.  Ordering over the phone, everything seemed to go well.  I then arrived about a half hour later.  There was 1 person in front of me who paid and was getting ready to leave when they brought my order to the counter and it was clearly wrong.  They had given my order to the man before me and I had his.  Apparently we both had the same first name.  Now this I was not perturbed by and was okay with, it was what followed that made me give this place 1 star.  So the counter lady tells me she'll take care of me first before resolving his issue, great!  So she charges my card for 64.66 which was clearly way more than I should have paid for 1 slab dinner and 1 pork sandwich + 1 side of fried dough.  Should have been 1/2 that.  I told her and she couldn't understand what I was talking about, I had to over-explain what I ordered and finally got through to her.  She took the bag back to the kitchen area saying some guy would have to deal with fixing this problem.  Now I was getting irritated.  She refunds me around 32 bucks in cash to make up for the overcharge.  I get a new bag of food and am finally done with the transaction, took about 15 mins to resolve.  Fine, I was happy in knowing I had a great dinner to enjoy soon.

So I come back and begin with the ribs, 1/2 a slab.  From the first taste I was not impressed.  I've had better ribs all over the country from Los Angeles to Alabama to Texas and Chicago.  Seriously?  This place has won all kinds of awards, I don't get it.  Almost every other place I've eaten ribs in my 40+ years of life has been better than this place.  The "sugar-fried" biscuits are nothing with nothing, you can get better donuts nearly anywhere, seriously (again).  The fries dipped in the BBQ sauce were the best part by far.  The corn was pretty good too, but still a little over the top on the taste, hard to describe.  So after being disappointed, I checked out the pork sandwich, and oddly enough there were 3 small containers with the sandwich, and somehow it didn't look like pork either.  I examined further, it was chicken, yet another screw-up with my order, wow!  And I ordered fries and mashed potatoes, neither of which was included.  Instead I found off-the-shelf beans, apple sauce (why?) which is not homemade, just spooned out of the jar, and the third container was BBQ sauce, which I didn't need since I bought a whole bottle.  So the other part of my order was completely wrong in every respect.  And note, the chicken was not anything to write home about either.  I drove to the other side of Madison, which was a fairly pleasant 1/2 hour drive, paid around 33 bucks for a very disappointing experience.

I strongly recommend NOT going to this place, unless you like to take risks, maybe you'll like what you find, I know that if this is the best in Madison, I'll have to go elsewhere in the world to find good BBQ.

Oh well...