I use to come here pretty frequently when I come uptown for karaoke or other such event. The food has always been decent, service was always subpar and there have been a few occasions where issues like "you need to order a certain amount of table bbq to eat here" happened, though this "rule" seems to be inconsistent. They like to throw on random rules if they think they're not going to make enough money for your table. (Me and 3 other friends got a hankering for bbq so we came here to eat some bbq pork but they refused to let us only order 1 bbq serving and insisted that because we were 4 people we needed to order at least 2 bbq servings otherwise we couldn't eat here, so we left.)

However, a recent altercation has basically put this restaurant off my list forever and it seems like, from reading other reviews, I wasn't the only customer put through this.

It seems like common practice for them to over charge on food. Not only that but my experience involves them forcing me to pay twice. The first time I paid there was a slip at the beginning of the receipt from a previous transaction that said "declined" that they didn't tear off so when I made my transaction via credit card, they thought mine was declined even though it had printed a cardholder purchase receipt with the transaction CLEARLY MARKED ON IT. After half an hour of trying to explain to this server that, no, my transaction went through here is my GODDAMN RECEIPT, she called the manager over and I have to explain AGAIN how the credit card system works. I'm explaining their credit card system to them? Yes. Because they don't know how their damn credit card system works so all they see is declined from the last transaction that wasn't mine. After a good long while of arguing that my transaction went through HENCE MY RECEIPT THAT SAYS CARDHOLDER WITH THE AMOUNTS AND SUCH PULLED OFF MY CARD, my boyfriend was pleading that we just pay again and leave because he was tired of having to deal with this. I was tempted to just tell them to call the police and settling it there but I ended up conceding and paying again.

I was fuming so the next day I called my credit card company to see if the transaction went through and they did indeed charge my credit card twice. I asked my credit card company if they could do anything about it and they said no because I authorized it via chip.

Moral of the story? Don't eat here unless you want horrible service, and to get overcharged on your bill, or forced to pay twice. People here don't even know how their system works, not even the manager so it's common to get overcharged on it or double charged.

I have called the restaurant to get reimbursed for my money, the owner still has not replied.

Btw if anyone has any advice on what to do in this situation as of this point pm me. I know it's only a $30 bill, but the principle of it pisses me off. People go to a restaurant for the convenience and food. Not to be harassed to pay twice because you don't know how to operate your payment systems.

Go to Nak Won's next door. Surprised with all the reviews they get that are bad that Nak Won hasn't just swallowed up the competition.