I went to this place based on the 4-star Yelp review, which is usually a pretty good indicator of the quality of the restaurant, but I have to say Yelp, you let me down this time.

We approached the restaurant and saw a sizeable crowd waiting outside. We were a party of two, and went in to put our names on the list. One of the servers told us it would be a 20 minute wait. We wrote our names down, wrote our cellphone number in the "Cell Phone" column on the list, and went for a coffee down the street. We came back 20 minutes later, and proceeded to wait a full hour to hour and fifteen minutes more. Now, I know the server doesn't total control over wait times, especially since there was a table of two that stayed for at least 20 minutes after they had received their bill, but given that we waited almost 3-4x longer than she originally estimated, we were pretty frustrated, especially since we would have gone somewhere else had we known it would take this long. 

As we waited for the people at the table table of two to finally finish, I went to the list and saw that we were the next party of two to be seated, and was relieved when the people at the table finally got up. By this time it was 1:30pm, we hadn't eaten anything all day, and were starved and annoyed. Instead of calling our names, the server another two women sit down ahead of us. When she had finished seating these women, I pointed out that we had been the next people on the list. She then told us that she called our names and we didn't respond which was certainly not the case. We were waiting right there for over an hour, and no one called our name. We saw her seat these women without even checking the list. I also pointed out that our cell phone number was in the "Cell Phone" column on the list, and asked why she didn't call us. She made up some flubby excuse, and I just told her to forget about it since all I wanted to do was finally sit down and eat. I can understand if you made a mistake and accidentally let someone ahead of us as I am usually quite forgiving and understanding under these circumstances, but don't make it seem like it was the customers' fault when it was clearly you who screwed up. This was extremely annoying given everything that had happened so far. 

When we finally sat down, I hoped the food would at least somewhat redeem our experience up until that point, but sadly both meals fell flat. I ordered the bacon hash which tasted way too much like Chef Boyardee, or some sort of other canned meat. I was famished and normally have an above average appetite, but I left at least 1/3 of my meal because it was so dissatisfying. The person I was with had the sausage and biscuits which was good for a couple of bites, but was way too salty and tasted little better than something you could get at any average diner where you wouldn't have to wait an hour and a half to eat. She didn't finish her plate either, so I helped her considering how hungry I still was after ditching the rest of my Chef Boyardee hash. I didn't even finish the rest of her dish because the salt became way too overpowering. 

The bill came and although we had a different waitress than the girl who seated us initially, I was disappointed to see that there was no offer to comp anything on the meal given the ordeal we went through to get a table. Normally I would have spoken to a manager about this, but I was tired and aggravated enough and just wanted to get out of there.

If it wasn't for the terrible service we received at the beginning, this would have been a 2-star place because the food wasn't terrible (just below average), but the service brought it down to a one.

Overall, quite a disappointing experience.

Edit: upon reading other reviews in here, gross underestimation of wait time and accidentally allowing people to jump the queue on the list seem to be a common occurrence at this place. Get your act together!