Where to start with such a terrible expierence, the $9 budweisers, the still frozen appetizers, the need for a pre-authorized credit card before I even order. 

So let me start with we went here be default because we were on a time crunch before a coyote game, this was not my first choice, and now I know why bar louie and yard house were packed and this place was a ghost town.  I sit down with 3 other people and before ordering the server says that since it is an event day with the coyote game they need to preauthorize my credit card or pay cash as I order, this kinda ticked me off but whatever, I was hungry and in hurry.  We ordered a sampler platter that included sweet potato fries, cheeseburger sliders, "jumbo wings", and onion rings. 

The wings were served cold and were below average sized wings

The sweet potato fries were undercooked and raw on the inside, but some were warm, until my girlfriend bit into one that was still frozen 

My brother ate one of the sliders and spit out a small piece of bone

The onion rings, by far the worst, they were either undercooked with cold onions and hot batter, when you bit into these they would spill water out everywhere turning into an unappetizing mushy mess or the onions themselves were still frozen.

I told the server and she brought a manager over that said he was going to grab a small plate and some of the food and show it to the chef I told him to take the whole plate, we're not eating it anymore. while we were waiting the server brought us some shots on the house for the inconvenience.  The shots tasted like cough syrup and when we asked what it was the server said she had no idea and asked us what it tasted like. Even though 2 of us took the shot, and the other 2 were left, do you really think it is appropriate to bring shots as some sort of compensation for food that bad without first asking? Just because it's Saturday night doesn't mean I'm looking to get hammered. 

To wrap this up, I had to ask if they would be removing the sampler platter we barely ate from my bill which they did reluctantly.  And the final damage, for 4 pints of beer... $33 before tip. I'm not cheap, but that is just outrageous.  Avoid this place like the plague, it is part of the reason westgate is failing