This was my second time at Even Stevens and my experience was very different than my previous time. I think this may have been a one off, but really unhappy with my experience. The customer service was great and the staff very friendly but I ended up having an issue with my food. I ordered their breakfast burrito, the new morrissey. 

When I took a bite, the food tasted a little weird. I don't like the taste of papaya and it smells pretty bad to me so I told myself there was probably papaya in my burrito (I was really hungry). I ended up just scarfing down half the burrito, ignoring the weird smell and taste (yea not a good idea, that's on me). Later when I went to eat left overs I was really having trouble getting the "papaya down." I finally asked bae if he liked papaya and when he took a look, he said he didn't think it was papaya. That's when I got a little freaked out and called the restaurant. They said they had not put papaya in the burrito. They put carrots in there. 

Uh oh, whatever the orange mushy stuff was in my burrito, it didn't taste like carrots. It smelled weird and tasted weird. I thought maybe they had a funky sauce on them but nothing else in the breakfast burrito smelled or tasted like the carrots so couldn't have been vinegar or kimchi. The carrots were also mushy so definitely think there was something up. 

Thank goodness I didn't get sick, but I'm upset that the restaurant sold spoiled food and a little confused how they served the burrito like that. The carrots were pretty stinky.  After that experience, I will not be going back to Even Stevens again, unfortunately because enjoyed my first experience there and think they have a cool space.

During my phone call with them when I figured out there was no papaya in the burrito and was telling them I thought their carrots had gone bad, I did not feel like they were taking me seriously. When I finally talked to the manager he apologized and said "they were there for me" not sure what that means. But didn't offer to refund me for the food or take any action to show that they felt bad or wanted to help. Hopefully no one else has an experience like this.