The Venetian is known for being a beautiful, elegant 5 star hotels with excellent amenities and amazing customer service. 
I've stayed at the Palazzo numerous times so I expected nothing less from the Venetian.
Boy, was I wrong. I will NEVER choose to stay at this hotel again.
There was miscommunication the entire process, causing a headache for us and even their own staff.
I had called on the phone to make sure my friend could check in to our room prior to my arrival and they assured me that would be fine. She went to the front desk as told and they told her she wouldn't be able to check in without me, meaning she had to wait an additional 2 hours.
Finally, I arrived and they offered to waive the resort fees and give us late check out... it was a start but honestly not much of a resolution for our wasted time and efforts.
We checked into our room and then found that it wasn't properly cleaned as there was trash (some half-drunken fat tuesday bottle lying on the floor) causing us to question the cleanliness of the room and ask for a room change. The front desk then apologized and offered us $100 resort credit for food and drink.

I thought I was done dealing with their incompetent front desk until 3 days later, I find a  huge charge on my credit card from this hotel.
I called billing to figure out what the issue was and she told me the charge was for the resort fee, and food I had ordered from the cafe downstairs.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
The hotel staff offered these services in the first place to make up for all of our trouble, repeatedly assured us they had made "notes" on the reservation to ensure we wouldn't get charged, and then I got charged anyway and had to AGAIN take it upon myself to figure out THEIR mess.
What was the point in leaving these notes in the first place if their coworkers can't even bother themselves to read them? I have to bring it to their attention in the end anyway. I was extremely taken back by all the errors and miscommunication in the first place but now, I wouldn't even be surprised if something else went wrong with this hotel.