I know many people love this place and have written great reviews, but that wasn't my experience at all - and I really wanted to like it.

We were very hungry and in the mood for a nice dinner out together and had heard so much about this place, we were looking forward to trying it. Being one of the few popular restaurants (as opposed to bars) in the Beaches, it's often busy so it was no surprise that we had to wait 10 minutes for a table. That's not too bad for dinner time, I realize - but they have no real waiting area so we were crammed in at the narrow door with others squeezing in and out every few seconds. Most uncomfortable. In addition it was freezing outside and the constant blasts of icy air made it worse.

We were taken to a table by a hostess who was so busy at being busy she made us feel as if we were intruding. We were seated in the far back corner of the restaurant next to the kitchen doors. I know when a place is busy you can't be too picky, but this was a lousy area. At least we'd be close to the food when it came and it would be easy to get the attention of our waiter/waitress. 

We were surprised to find the place was a little stuck in the 90's as far as decor. The sort of design Pier One thrived on 10 years ago that filled countless homes and apartments with wicker and wax fake crafty bits, scented candles, and abstract light fixtures. Lots of purple/gold/olive/rust combinations trimmed with with beads, fringes etc. A cross between reinvented hippie and some vague middle eastern references that give a trying-too-hard-to-be-quirky, faux bohemian look. It felt a little obvious and past it's prime.

Our table had been cleared, but not reset. We were handed menus and told that they were very busy but that someone would be along to take drink orders. It wasn't an apology or an explanation - it was said more like they were doing us a favour to serve us. 

It was a bit too dark, a lot too crowded, and very uncomfortable. The constant coming and going of the wait staff made it feel like we were in Union Station. We found the music very loud and intrusive. In a full restaurant that makes an already large and noisy crowd have to shout over the music to carry on a conversation. I can see this sort of thing at a bar, but this is a sit down restaurant. In addition, it was very abrasive music completely out of sync with the majority of the customers age and I'd bet their tastes. (I find so many places let the wait staff choose music they like instead of what is best for the business). The shouting from the kitchen and the wait staff hollering instructions to each other as they passed didn't help.

20 minutes later no one had stopped by with so much as a glass of water or a "have you been served yet?". Customers who arrived after us at adjacent tables were enjoying their drinks and appetizers. Because of the noise level, conversation was almost impossible. Our patience was running out. When a  place is busy, things certainly slow down, but this place is always busy so you'd think they would know how to staff and handle that. Even a wait staff or the hostess coming buy and taking a  drink order or apologizing for the wait would have helped but we were roundly ignored. 

Surely one of the staff flying by us every few seconds should have been assigned to our table? Or someone should have noticed we didn't have drinks or even cutlery? We thought of asking for a manger but decided to give it a few more minutes. 

At 30 minutes after we arrived we simply got up and left. No one (including the hostess who watched us leave) stopped us or asked if there was anything wrong. I don't like going to a restaurant (or any business) and being made to feel like I have been forgotten or that my business isn't that valuable. 

We got some takeout pizza down the street and went home, disappointed, angry and fed up. We have no plans to go back.