My disgust and hatred for the Venetian is due to the fact that they lost mine and my friend (fellow Yelper) Ingrid R's luggage the same day we arrived in Vegas for a girlfriend's bachelorette weekend.

Yes, you read that right: THE VENETIAN LOST OUR LUGGAGE. 

THE INCIDENT: Sat 6/23/12
11am: We gave 2 pieces of luggage to Jeremy, bellhop.
215pm: We gave our claim ticket to Sean, bellhop, to pick up our bags.
245pm: There was no word from anyone about our luggage nor did we see our bags as other guests' luggage were brought out.
245-4pm: We asked Shahid, the Guest Services manager at the bellhop desk, about our bags. He found our claim ticket in the trash at the bell desk. He took us to the luggage storage areas to locate our bags, but they weren't there.
4pm: Shahid offered us a hospitality suite as a temporary holding place to wait until security met with us to write up a report.
4:30pm: Craig, security, wrote up a report and took an inventory of what was in each luggage. He also made phone calls to lost&found; housekeeping; and the front desk to see if our bags turned up, but no luck. He gave us a card for the Venetian's Claims Dept and told us to call them in 3 days if our bags weren't found.
5:30pm: We called Shahid for an update: still no bags. We asked him what course of action would be taken given the fact that we were now without clothes, toiletries, and other items that had been in our luggage. He said he'd speak to the general manager, Alissa, and get back to us.
5:15pm: Shahid called back and told us we were approved for a comp'd room and would be given $250 each for any purchases needed to get us through the weekend. Shahid told us they'd still search for our bags. He explained that our bags may have been mistakenly sent up to another guest's room but in the back of my mind I had a feeling our bags were given to a guest who was checking out of the Venetian.

The way the Venetian handled the situation was infuriating. Yes we were given a complimentary room (big deal) and $250 each, but that was only because WE asked what the plan of action was after realizing our luggage was lost. There was no sense of urgency in making sure we were taken care of which made us feel as if our situation was not a priority. 

BTW, when Ingrid and I went to pick up our luggage, we had just left Tao Beach. We were only wearing swim attire and luckily had our wallets with us, but we lost everything else: shoes, makeup *$#!@, outfits, toiletries, and my valuable items: my camera, my grandma's vintage Louis Vuitton clutch, and my Kindle.  Yes I'm aware that I shouldn't have left my valuables in my luggage but it seemed safer to leave it in my locked luggage than bring it all with me to Tao Beach. So not only did we lose the items in our luggage, which were of both monetary and sentimental value, but we missed out on some bachelorette activities since we had to go to the mall to buy shoes, clothes, and basic underwear and to Walgreens to buy toiletries that the Venetian didn't offer, while dressed in our bathing suits.

AFTERMATH:
I wrote a letter to Alissa, the general manager, expressing my frustration over the situation. She replied 3 days later apologizing and informing me to contact her should we choose to stay at the Venetian in the future. Really?! Aside from going to the Canyon Ranch Spa, I have no desire to set foot in their hotel. I called their Claims Department, 3 days later, and spoke with Tony who informed me that due to an "Innkeepers Statute" under Nevada Law, the max payout for each of our lost luggage would be $750. Really?!?!?  I was livid. The Venetian is a damn casino raking in millions, if not billions, of dollars and the most they can pay out is $750?!  Freaking ridiculous!!!  What was the point in wasting our time in taking an inventory of our lost items if in the end all we were going to get was $750?!  Tony went on to tell me that they've exhausted all means in locating our luggage and that the search had stopped.  He emailed me a waiver form for me to sign (releasing the Venetian of any fault) so I could then receive my check.  My possessions are most likely long gone, but I still feel completely violated as if someone had physically snatched my belongings from me. What's even more disturbing is whoever has our bags hasn't made any attempt to contact us about our luggage, leading me to believe they managed to open the bags, take whatever they wanted, and ditch the rest of the items somewhere. 

So in the end I not only lost my possessions, but I also lost a bit of faith in humanity. 

Lastly, thanks to the Venetian, I've also developed anxiety over entrusting my possessions with anyone (ie other hotel bellhops; airport luggage check-ins; valet services; etc) so much so I will avoid using bellhops; I will carry on my luggage; and avoid using valet...and if that's not at all possible, I'm taking my valuables with me: LESSON LEARNED the hard way.