Long Long ago Battista's used to be one of the Better Italian Restaurants in Vegas. It has now taken over as the WORST Italian Restaurant in Vegas (knocking Capo's to second worst). I can't imagine that Battista or Desi or any of the Battista family member have anything to do with it anymore because of how terrible it is. 

It has expanded over the years and still has the look and charm of its better days. The hostess doormen are friendly. "The future is in your hands" sign next to the mens urinals is still there. I took a friend here that has never been but always wanted to try it. I hadn't tried it for 7 years so I was happy to revisit again with my BFF. I remember 7 years ago, the food was going down hill and was average at best, but everyplace deserve a second change and especially since it had been so long. 

It was just the 2 of us and we were seated shortly after our 7pm reservation in the section to the back left as you face the kitchen.  The meal comes with your choice or Minestrone soup or salad, garlic bread, wine  with whatever dish you order. The wine is in large carafes on the table when you are seated. 1 is white the other a red blend. It comes with the 3 ounce glass. The wine is drinkable but its basically church wine.Even though I'm not usually a white wine fan the white was better than the red. Shortly after our server Brittney came over explained how the ordering and options work and took our orders. We both chose the Minestrone soup. I was split between that or a salad but on Brittney's suggestion I chose the soup. The soup comes out fairly quicklyand took the first sip...It's FRIGGEN' Progresso Minestrone or canned stuff for sure. It was closer to luke warm than hot but I eat about 3/4 the soup since I was starving. Its not that the soup is bad it just not good and canned soup is never okay to serve without at least doctoring it up.  I was unimpressed but so far not bad just not good. The garlic bread comes out and it was the highlight of the meal. It is probably the frozen garlic  hated as the consistency was not fresh baked or from a bakery at all. The pre perforated slices were a give away too. It was  fairly good though. We both order the Cheese Ravioli. They give you quite a few Ravioli unlike most that give you 5 or 6 at most you get twice that here. Unfortunately just like the rest of the food, it was just frozen Ravioli heated up and covered it what was most likely Ragu or some jarred garbage sauce. There was nothing home made tasting about the entire meal. Asked if we wanted the Cappuccino at the end , I couldn't stomach it after the disappointment of what I was put through the rest of the meal. 

The highlight was the service and the original decorations/pictures hanging everywhere.  Brittney was a sexy, attentive and good server.  The busser was also quite good and of course the accordion player who was built with the place.

Even with the service and atmosphere pluses I can't give Battista's any more than 1 star because the food does a disservice to Italian food and now Las Vegas. They exist now solely to trick the poor tourists into buying crappy food and cheap wine making them believe it is a deal. They need to close up shop or if they want to stay in business move shop to the Circus Circus Buffet.  I can't believe the Locatelli's would have anything to do with Battista's anymore and they just handle the real estate they own around the Valley now. That's what I believe at least.