I just ate here yesterday, accompanied by my parents, to eat lunch before our flight. The reason why I give Joes a one star is not for the food, but actually the service. In our opinions, their food was pretty decent and not terrible at all. The one thing that did stand out while eating there was how some workers treated their customers. There were two people there, a worker to actually make the food and the cashier. The person preparing the food was actually very kind and patient and helped us throughout the process of ordering food since it was our first time eating there. But, the cashier had given a totally different vibe. I went to sit down in the seats while I waited for my parents to finish their order. But, what I heard in the cashier's voice was impatience and rudeness. There were no other customers in line other than ourselves. Both of my parents speak another language other than english, which gives them a little bit of an accent when they do speak english. While ordering there was a little mix up in what we ordered, which led the cashier being a little more rude and harsh when she was reading out the order that we actually wanted. The man preparing the food was very patient with us and tried helping out the cashier to fix the order. As soon as we finished the food and got on the plane back to our hometown, my parents told me that they felt very uncomfortable while they ate there because of the cashier's attitude and personality. They understood that the servers worked at an airport and its usually very crowded, but that doesn't give them the right to be very rude and impatient with people. The fact that the airport is a very diverse place with many people flying in from other places in the world, gives more of a reason for the servers to be nice and patient. My parents also felt that racism was at play during our time there. Not only did they do stuff to us, but to other customers as well. When customers did not eat there, but did stop by to look at the menu, the cashier would laugh and laugh at the fact that they didn't eat there. I recommend that you do not eat here ever, as my family has already experienced bad service the FIRST time we have went here!