In search of a small bite to eat and a quick, but relaxing glass of wine, a friend and I stopped in at The Living Room a few months ago and had what is quite possibly one of the worst dining "experiences" we've had in a while; if I could rate negative stars I would. 

To start with the only good part of our evening, the food was delicious. We ordered the fondue to start, the prosciutto and brie sandwich for me and the house roasted turkey sandwich for my friend. The fondue was comparable to that of the finer 'The Melting Pot' with a flavorful, gooey, melty cheese and the perfect assortment of dippers ranging from fresh apple slices and veggies to soft, warm pretzel pieces. My pressed sandwich had the right amount of crispiness to the bread, the prosciutto salty but flavorful and the brie creamy and spreadable, just the way it's supposed to. My friends' turkey sandwich must have been good because I don't think she spoke one word until her sandwich was gone, it was that delicious. The amazing food was the only positive part of our trip to the Living Room.

Now, on to the downsides, it began when we walked in the front door. First thing one sees in the doorway is a sign asking guests to wait to be seated, to which we did. For almost 10 minutes. Finally, a man dressed in a casual flannel shirt and jeans was bothered enough to look up and tell us to pick a seat anywhere all the while trying to quickly shove his phone back in his pocket. After we picked a table, and waited about five more minutes, a waitress brought us some waters and menus and gave us some time look things over and make some selections. My friend and I perused the wine list and waited for our server to come back and take our orders, but after hearing he table next to us ask for water refills and seeing how long they had waited, we decided to skip straight to the food and save the wine for another time. More time passed, we had to flag the waitress down to take our order (but not before reminding her the other table still hadn't gotten water and had waited longer) to which she took our orders. She never wrote anything down as she listened to our orders, but remembered to ask if wanted the fondue out first or all the food together to which we asked for our appetizer out first.  

Quite some time went by and we saw what looked like an order of fondue come in the kitchen window, which is left in full view of the customers in the middle of the restaurant, but alas no one noticed and took it to our table. Shortly after noticing the fondue in the kitchen window, a different server brought us our sandwiches and when she asked if we needed anything else, we asked if she could take the fondue off of our ticket as we never got it. A dramatic sigh was all we received in response and then she disappeared to speak with the man in the flannel shirt who could only be found texting at the bar top and giggling with a group of young ladies sharing a bottle of wine. He soon came over and delivered the fondue himself, said he would take it off the bill, and turned around to return to the bar top. My friend and I finished our meal and began looking for the server to ask for the check, to no avail. We had to eventually flag down yet a different server to ask for our bill, which also never came. After becoming fed up with the lack of service, long wait times, and blatant disregard for our satisfaction as customers, my friend and I left what we hope was enough cash to cover the bill and left. 

I really wanted to like this place, the catchy music, trendy décor, sophisticated air of a wine bar, and the food selections sound like the perfect mix for a new get together spot for my friend and I, but the lack of service far outweighs the few selling points this restaurant had to offer.