I was so excited to see this place as it was going up. For the last few months I have been passing by it on my way to a local school to work as a Student Teacher. Today was the last day I needed to complete before I graduated. My husband wanted to celebrate and take me somewhere nice to celebrate. I requested The Porch thinking it would be a perfect fit. 
Upon we put in our name with the hostess. She warned us it would be a 30 minuet wait. It was a little chilly outside but we thought 30 minutes wouldn't be to bad. She took our name and phone number and told us there were games outside to play. We walked around looking for the games but they were awkwardly placed near diners and it didn't feel comfortable to step up. We looked around inside and saw a good number of open tables meant for small groups so I figured the 30 minuet wait would be accurate.
We sat outside on cute lawn chairs and waited for the Text for our table. After 45 minuets my husband went to check on the wait time, he was told 6 couples were still ahead of us. I looked around the dinner and outside area and still saw open tables. After an hour and a half wait my husband went up agin and asked. We were told the only way we could be seated was if we shared a picnic bench with strangers outside. I was hungry and agreed. As we passed by their were still available tables inside that apparently we were not good enough for. The people next to us acted surprised that we were seated and while I didn't ask them I assume they were not asked if they would share they way they reacted. 
So we sit outside looking at menus, no space heaters, no fire in the fire place. 15 minuets go by and no one comes. Finally a guy named Jeff stops by asking us if the food he has is our order. We tell him now and inform him that nobody has been by to check on us. He tells us very friendly that he will find her server and leaves. We wait some more and decided has finally been enough and agree that we will leave to go celebrate somewhere else. Jeff meet us as were leaving And informs us that he is been trying to look for server I can't find them. We tell him everything that went down and that Larios ready to leave. Jeff was very friendly and I bet if he Had been helping us in the first place the situation may have been different but it wasn't enough. I can't even write a review about the food or drinks or anything else because the whole experience was so bad I'm not sure what to even say more but avoid this place.
I hope that management repress and correct the situation so that this can be the new addition to the community that I hoped it would be.