Most people know that this was previously cadillac ranch, everything in there is pretty much the same except the entrance was moved to the opposite side. All of the interior is the same. I was excited to try a new restaurant at town square, I got there and met my friends and waited for about 10 minutes until a waitress finally came by. We ordered drinks, and ordered our food. The appetizer came out, and it was bbq nachos, something different but not great at all. It seemed as if they popped it in the microwave, and put cubes of cheddar/nacho cheese on the chips because there was UNMELTED cubes of cheese throughout the dish. Our food came, and one of my friends had to send her plate back as the mahi mahi was completely overcooked and dry, embarrassed because she had never in her life sent back a plate. I ordered a chili cheese burger, Hmmm, seems as if my chili was missing?  The girl had all of our bills split separately BEFORE we gave her our credit cards. She came back with a long bill that was split 4 times, 4 different totals. We double checked everything, and wrote our names that were on our credit cards next to the totals. She came back with receipts to sign and we left. A few days later I check my online account and noticed a $107 charge on my card from ranch house. I immediately called them, notified them of it, and was told that they would contact accounting and someone will call or email to let me know what happened. I got a hold of a friend who was there, and she checked her account and there were NO charges from ranch house. I called them back, told them that my card was charged for the ENTIRE bill. 

I was called back at the end of the day, told that it was an error made by our server, and that I'll be credited/charged the correct amount. And that I could come in for another meal.

I appreciated the follow up and quick response, I am happy that the problem will be solved. For an error like this, it seems as if the restaurant should have credited the entire amount from my account. Needless to say, I will not return here. The food was horrible, service was bad (the place had about 6-8 tables filled during lunch time). If the food was good I would return even with bad service, but the prices are very high as well for a lunch meal at town square. A complete disappointment, this place will be closed down in a year....give it time