It absolutely breaks my heart to write this review.  After reading all the wonderful reviews, I really wanted dine here.  I love and support local business and was so excited.  I was absolutely disappointed with my experience here.

The restaurant itself is adorable.  It is cozy, allows a lot of natural lighting, and quaintly decorated.  I was so excited to be there.

The service was absolutely subpar.  Our server (I never got her name because she never introduced herself to us) was very impersonal.  Neither of us once got the feeling we were welcomed there or that our patronage was appreciated.  

After reading rave reviews about the baked lobster bisque topped with a puff pastry, I was so excited to try it.  I was told there would be a 15 minute wait for it, but good things come to those who wait, right?  My friend ordered the steak pyramid.

We drank all our water and our glasses remained empty until the time we got our food.  So, for over 15 minutes we waited with no water to drink while there was only one other couple in the restaurant.  I overheard the other couple trying to order an alcoholic beverage.  The server seemed perplexed as to their own drink menu and the gentleman had to point out on the drink menu what he wanted to order.

When our food finally arrived, I still had high hopes.  Here was an opportunity for recovery.  Unfortunately, everything fell flat.  The puff pasty is messy when you break it into the soup.  The flakes kind of fall everywhere.  This wouldn't be a problem, but the soup is served in a little bowl on a little saucer, so pastry flakes went all over the table.  Even my friend's plate seemed too small for his dish and rice (even though he ordered fries) fell on the table.  And I swear neither of us are messy eaters.  

We brought to their attention the error in my friend's order and that was remedied, but it felt like we bothered them to get the side we had ordered in the first place. 

The lobster bisque was just disappointing.  When I think of lobster bisque, I think of creamy, orangey soup with thick chunks of delicious lobster in it.  This bisque was liquidy, greyish orange (there were visible oil beads separated from the rest of the base floating on the surface) with 3 small pieces of lobster in it.  I couldn't bring myself to eat the whole thing.

The steak pyramid was just okay.  There were only 3 small pieces of actual steak in the tall pyramid that we determined was primarily made of onion rings. My friend asked for it medium rare.  It was definitely medium well. It looked nothing like the other Yelp pictures. Another disappointment.

We were both obviously done dinning for awhile and sat in sheer disappointment as we waited over 10 minutes for our bill.  I still have no idea what our server was doing because as I stated, there were only 2 couples in the restaurant.

As a small business, it is imperative to be proactive in customer satisfaction. I know the owners actually read these reviews as I see recovery responses to the negative reviews on here.  But if your employees actually paid attention to your customers while they were at the restaurant, it would never get to this point.

The service absolutely needs refinement.  I am not expecting to be catered to, but I expect to be treated with respect and as though I am appreciated as a customer.  Never once did our server "talk" to us or even ask how we were doing.  And the food was not very good either.  I am so disappointed, I will not be back and would never recommend anyone to dine here.