At first I LOVED this location... the food was awesome & I've been there a dozen times in just a few weeks since I discovered it but today's experience grabbing lunch irritated me enough that I may not go back.  Two weeks ago when they misplaced my order and I had to wait a while I wrote it off as just a one time accident, but it happened again today.  First let me say that I served for 5 years, I still work in the food industry today in a different capacity, but I know the difference between a good server who's just swamped and needs to be cut a break and somebody who does not know how to do their job.  In any food industry the ticket time is the most important things you put the orders in and you fill the orders based on the order in which they were put in your system.  We ordered our food at 1 p.m. there was a huge group of people behind us and as we Sat at the front counter watching them fill orders wondered why 40 minutes later passes & we still don't have our take out order.  Everybody behind us in line that ordered way later than we had, already had their food in front of them and were almost finished eating... We notice that they ordered similar items to what was on our order.  In the 40+ minutes we were standing there waiting for our to-go order (which consisted of three sandwiches and two bowls of chili), we watched the expeditor pull out food from to-go containers and put them on plates to ship them out to the floor... so I'm pretty sure that they had our order ready when we first put it in and she ended up filling other people's orders with our food.  When we brought it to their attention that our order still hadn't been filled, the expdeitor gave us a look and a snippy reply that it was the second ticket up and it would probably be another 10 more minutes, no apology and she came back so quick with that response I know she didn't even look for our tickets because another lady came up right behind us asking the same question about where her food was and they gave the exact same canned response to her.  There was a really nice young gentleman there and he was very nice to us but when he told me it was going to be an additional 15 minutes in order for them to get one more bowl of chili ... I had to ask them to just credit me back the Chili as I didn't want to wait another 15 minutes on top of the 40 plus we had already waited. (I have receipt proof... initial charge time & credit time).  The lady who originally took our order was very nice and she took the issue to her supervisor to start the credit. The supervisor issued the credit back to my card, did not apologize for the delay or the fact that they probably lost our ticket in general, she said nothing to acknowledge that they had any fault in the matter at all, didnt look at the order time stamp, etc.  After I signed the new copy of my receipt, less the bowl of chili, the only thing the supervisor said to me was "do you want my card" to which I replied "no I don't". If you know that your staff has missed a ticket and its at 40 + minutes not being filled with food that doesn't even have to be cooked from scratch because its barbecue and you're not even going to offer an apology to the customer that has been sitting there watching you fill everybody else's orders ahead of yours.... SUPER irritating!  Ruined my whole Friday.