Myself and a group of around 12 friends were in the midst of a downtown bar-hop in honor of my fiancée's 30th birthday on Saturday, November 10th, 2012. Many of us were wearing 18th century french aristocrat costumes and were jovial, extremely high spirited, and looking forward to going into an event being held at this bar. Upon arrival, the patio-onlookers immediately began to try to get photos with us, the people at the door, and even security were cracking up and excited for us to be a part of their evening. This particular event had a relatively high cover price for some of our party-goers, and being that we were going to make up for any type of cover in many birthday drinks (we had spent an average of over $100 at each bar we went to this night), we felt it appropriate to simply ask if waiving the cover for out party would be alright. 

Here is where the first mistake was made - the door people claimed this "had to be brought to the attention of the manager". As a promoter myself, if a group of this many people come to your event together (especially those with particularly colorful personalities), you simply encourage their patronage in any way possible. 12 people have a lot of friends collectively...as a bar, you don't want to offend them. On top of this, we knew the party promoters personally and many of the people involved in this particular event, and we had made this clear in the very beginning.

Now for the reason for the dreaded one-star review...the manager.

The manager was visibly irritated that he had been summoned. His first words to us: "Why should I let you into my bar for free?" At this point he had been made aware that this was a birthday entourage, but aside from that his comment was loud and intentionally insulting. We are not rude people and were in the midst of an extraordinary night out, so our response was not rude at all. We simply said, "Well, there are 12 of us, we're going to be buying many, many birthday shots and drinks, and we know many of the people hosting this event. Plus, we look great! We're in costume and even your door personnel, security, and people on the patio are clamoring for us to come in." His response: "I can't just let you in for free, what is it that you even do?" It was obvious at this point that this man was rigid, humorless, rude, and beyond salvaging our acceptance of just paying the cover and going in (which was never even ruled out). So, we started just laughing at how offensive this man was being to us while he attempted to suggest we take our party elsewhere. He even went to the lengths of following us out and down the stairs of the public walkway, as if to insinuate that we had acted inappropriately and were being escorted.

Gypsy bar - if you read this, I hope it registers that someone felt treated so badly by your staff that they were compelled to take the time to write out a review on this site. I hope it also registers that your bar earned ONE out of FIVE stars on this site without the person writing it even having to set foot in the door. I would highly recommend this establishment to those who enjoy being insulted repeatedly and treated like a third-rate citizen. For those looking for friendly staff and a welcoming vibe, downtown Phoenix has a lot of options.