I don't give 1-star often, but I think this "staple" has earned it with the "winning" combo of overpriced food & beer, lack of menu options, and non-existent service. I came here on Friday to join a few friends after work for drinks and for the free personalized Guinness pint glass offer. The bartender turned out to be also the waiter for us in the back dining room, which means we seldomly saw him. He wasn't exactly friendly, but I guess he got the job done at the minimum since he did bring us our beer and put in our food order and checked on us every now and then... but was a smile that hard to come by? Do I really have to be a regular to get any friendly service? Worst was the food runner... which we didn't know that's her only job there (not like they have waitstaff uniforms on for us to distinguish). So when a late comer asked her to take his beer order, she snapped back "I am not your waiter!"  WELL, thank goodness she wasn't our waiter with that attitude. More interestingly, this very same food runner had to deliver a dish to the corner table next to ours that was blocked in by 2 big tables (ours and another one). Instead of doing her job the right way and walk around the both big tables to get to the corner table, she just pretty much demanded my friend to get up & push in the chair, so she could squeeze by... how lazy and unprofessional was that?! That pretty much set the tone for an unpleasant night for me.

To add salt in a wound, besides Guinness that was on special at the bargain price of $4, Fat Tire was $5... I didn't think Fat Tire is that caliber of a beer. Food was pricey as well, $4 for a basket of fries but with curry sauce (which would be the only reason I order fries/chips in an English pub) is $5, $14 for fish & chips and that didn't look like a huge order. They had more wings options than anything thing else... but if I want wings I probably would have gone to somewhere else. I ended up with $8.50 of blacken fish tacos. It was ok, the fish still had lots of liquid after being cooked, which didn't mix well with the slaw and tortilla wrap. I did enjoy the cup of soup as my side. 

In short, I echo the other reviewer: I'll go to Big Ben any day over this joint if I am feeling a British pub mode. At least they have better menu options, and most certainly better service.