I took my fiancé here for a romantic dinner with a groupon I purchased for him. We love Middle Eastern food and couldn't wait to try out the kabobs and basmati rice, humice and falafel.  We went in and the place was almost empty, with just a few couples dining.  There must have been about 10 staff members, several of whom were sitting in the hookah lounge, smoking, yet we had to wait to be seated. Televisions with Arabic programs were playing a bit too loudly, but that did not deter us despite wanting a nice atmosphere.  Should have left from these minor issues, but had a groupon to use so shook it off and waited.  We were seated in the middle of the room next to the hookah lounge and ordered our food and a drink.  All was well for about 10 minutes.  Then all of a sudden, staff started hauling couches and lounge chairs out of the restaurant and hauling folding tables and chairs in through the back and past our table.  They opened the doors in the back and hauled in several chairs at a time, laying the chairs all over.  It was a circus and the place was freezing because the doors were open.  It was like dining in the middle of a house where the movers came in to move you out.  It was loud, chaotic and anything BUT romantic and pleasant.  At first I politely asked what was going on and to please close the door because we were cold. They did no such thing and the service only got worse. The waitress told us that even though it was chaotic now, the fun would be coming because they had belly dancers coming, so to just be patient. They claimed a big party was coming in without notice (we are talking about 80 people and that they needed to prepare for them. Then I was angry and complained about being cold and being seated where we were practically being hit by legs of chairs while staff hauled them in...to which they made excuses.  Our food arrived, we shoveled in what we could and got the bill with no deductions for the disasterous service and chaos in the place. I am not even sure about the quality of the food because I was so ticked off about everything else, it was ridiculous. The belly dancers or whatever music get-up they had planned were not there by the time we left at 9pm and I wouldn't have stayed if the real Elvis arrived on stage!  The groupon was not worth what we paid for it and in fact, it was the WORST dining experience I have EVER had.  Heck I have had better dining experiences in the McDonald's Playland!  I would not ever go back to this horrific place. The only positive thing about the whole place was the lamps and getting out of there without getting hit in the head with a chair leg! I have to give it a one star, but it hurt to even give them one!