**Maybe a 2 star, only because it's the ONLY taco place around.

I've lived about  a 5-minute walk from here pretty much all my life, and I love tacos! My excitement sky-rocketed when I noticed this little place opened up so close to home and finally came to check it out a couple weeks ago.  The owner of Le Canard Mort closed down the former Le Resignol and opened this new little taco bar.  I have never been to the other restaurants, but Le Canard Mort has definitely been on my radar, and I cross my finger it will be much better than this.

There were two of us when we came and thought it was closed because it was so dark and empty.  It could have just been because it was late afternoon during down time, but I've never seen more than 2 people in here at a time anyway.

We were casually greeted, and we picked up a menu off the table.  It consists of enchiladas ($13-$16), burritos ($9-$12), nachos, and a few salads.  The tacos range from $4.50 to $9 each, or you can choose to get the platter of 2 which includes rice and salad.  And so for a quick lunch:

Blackened Catfish Taco Platter: $14 (2/5 stars)
The fish itself was cooked and seasoned well.  However, it was not hot... warm at best.  The yellow mole lacked flavour, and the mango salsa was... meh (I can make way better!).  Overall, a bit dry and lacking in flavour... and heat.  Very disappointed with the "platter" aspect since it was a tiny scoop of bland rice with what seemed like canned black beans heated in a microwave and poured on top.  The salad was several lettuce leaves with... I forgot what else (not worth the mention anyway).

Shrimp Taco Platter: $14 (1.5/stars)
Shrimp was cooked well, but definitely lacked flavour, chipotle mole was inexistent according to my taste buds.  The tomatillo salsa was alright, but missing the bold taste tomatillo salsas promise to deliver.  Again, a bit dry and I wished I hadn't gotten the platter... double disappointment.

Service: (2/5 stars)
2.5 stars.  The server was nice, but there was really nothing that was done to put her above the McDonald's counter service.  We originally asked to get the food to go, but decided to stay after we got the food.  She brought some utensils, napkins, and bottled sauces, then she reached into our bag and took the packaged sauces back so we wouldn't waste it.  I mean, I hate to waste and would have probably given it back anyway... but SERIOUSLY?!

I am a forgiving person and I believe (almost) everyone deserves a second chance.  Chef's and restaurants have their bad days too, so yes, I will go back ONE DAY to get ONE taco and hope that it will make up for EVERYTHING.  The concept is what I really admire, but the food, cooks, service, and atmosphere need to step it up BIG TIME!