We've ordered delivery from Pizza Heaven before and we loved it! We also love that they offer gluten free. But this time around, it was not great. We ordered two medium pizzas online at 5:59pm with an estimated delivery time of 6:53pm. At 7:15, our pizzas weren't here yet. I called in at 7:22 and asked for an update (I've worked in a pizza joint before and understand that delivery times can be off a bit). The woman who answered the phone told me that my order left the restaurant a couple of minutes ago. She never apologized.

At 7:45, our pizzas weren't here yet. We live 10 minutes away. I call back and ask for a manager. The same woman answered and asked how she could help. I explain the situation and mentioned I called earlier. She puts me on hold (again, without apologizing). The owner, Patricia, comes on and, without apologizing, blames their computer system and said that it says I ordered at 6:53. I pointed out that my email confirmation shows 5:59 and the 6:53 she is referring to is my estimated delivery time. So either it's an honest mistake or she doesn't know how to read her own computer system. She THEN shifts the potential blame to her drivers for possibly delivering it to the wrong house and proceeds to tell me that they probably wouldn't admit to it (who tells a customer this?????!?!?!?).She says they are busy which I totally understand on a Saturday night. But just tell me that. I don't need to know how you feel about your staff. It's not professional and that is between you and them, not your customers. 

In the end, I ask for compensation and she said they can't give me a refund because of their system? Um, its 2016 right? She tells me that my pizzas are in the oven and they will be right out the door as soon as they are ready and offers me a single, free pizza on my next order, any size, any pizza. THEN, after 2 calls, and 7 minutes, I get my first apology. It would have been nice to get my same order free next time since a refund apparently couldn't be given. 

I'm sincerely hoping this is a one-time issue because we have enjoyed their pizza in the past.