I really wanted to like this place but I just couldn't :( 

Like many other reviews mentioned, the owner/chef didn't want to honour the 10% off with yelp check in but I think even he felt a little bad about our experience that he did end up giving us a 3% discount. 

When he handed us the menu, he told us they were out of salmon. Ok, strange, it's Sunday night but it's fine? I can live without salmon. 

Here is what we ordered:
1) sunomono salad - 6.95
2) okonomiyaki - 8.95
3) spider roll - 10.95
4) chicken pan fried udon - 8.95

And the break down: 
1) when the sunomono salad arrived, he told us "we're out of fish, is this okay?" Uh... but you said earlier you were only out of salmon? But my boyfriend and I like the salad so um yeah it's fine. This was the third item we got and without seafood, it's (most definitely) pre-made cucumber salad on a plate so why did it take so long?? Also, I assumed in my mind that he wouldn't charge us the full price for it since... there was no seafood, but he did!! More on this later. 

2) okonomiyaki was.. okay. A lot of bonito flakes on top but the pancake itself was mushy and salty and made my boyfriend really thirsty after. Ingredients listed: shrimp, bacon, onion and cabbage. Lots of onion, decent amount of cabbage, tasted bacon in ~*only one*~ bite and no shrimp at all. Guess they ran out of shrimp also...?

3) spider roll ingredients listed: soft shell crab, avocado, cucumber, tobiko. Yes cucumber, definitely no tobiko. I saw avocado but didn't really taste it. And for the highlight of this roll, the soft shell crab was crunchy in a stale way and also very small compared to the size of the roll. The roll wasn't rolled tight enough and fell apart every other piece. 

4) standard chicken pan fried udon, no complaints. 

As the other couple were paying, they sounded upset and asked why they didn't have any fish left. The owner/chef replied, "I don't know" 

When we got our bill, it came out to $36.8x. I asked him if I could use the yelp 10% off and he said "we don't do that anymore.... but okay I can give it to you." I said he didn't have to (thinking maybe yelp hadn't updated or something?) but he said he'd take it off and our new total was $35. So yeah, 3% discount. I ended up giving him $40 and said he could keep the change which I'm now, unfortunately, regretting. 

I did the math when I got home and it seems like he added a 10% discount to our bill without telling us, but he charged us full price for everything despite none of it having the seafood it states to have. Total is 35.80 before tax and plus 3% (13% tax - 10% discount) comes out to 36.87. 

Am I upset? Yes. I'm really upset and I'm ESPECIALLY upset about the sunomono salad. Why did I get charged 6.95 for a little plate of cucumber salad? I can buy a whole plastic container full from Galleria for like 3.99!! I would've felt a biiiit better if he had charged it like a wakame salad instead (4.95) but noooope.

If they were only missing salmon, then I would be a lot more understanding, but it seems like that wasn't the case at all. If you're a restaurant and you're missing ingredients for most of the items on your menu, why are you open?? Why tell us you're only missing salmon when it's more than just salmon??? Did they bring the sunomono salad revealing they had no seafood half way through our meal so we couldn't leave?? I have so many unanswered angry questions. 

We were originally going to order take out (they're surprisingly well rated on just-eat) but no answer when we called and when I checked yelp for the hours, I saw the 10% off and was like let's go instead! R E G R E T. 

Everything about this experience was super scummy and I'm more upset about this than even the super dry chicken from Mymy. I will never, ever, ever, ever come here again :'(