I came here for Father's Day lunch with my family yesterday. Let me start by saying that a reservation was made a few days ago for 12 pm for 12 people but we weren't seated until half an hour later. I understand that on occasions like Father's Day, it can get very busy but the restaurant seemed very short staffed since all staff seemed to be scrambling around the restaurant throughout our lunch there.

The restaurant had some nice decorative ceilings with chandeliers and it was brightly lit. The tables and chairs are too close together though, making it a headache to get in and out of your seat. The ambiance was just non-existent. I know better than to expect much at a Chinese restaurant but this was one of the worst layouts I've ever seen.

Then, there was the wait for our food to arrive....I wouldn't mind the wait if it was worth waiting for. Unfortunately, it wasn't. We ordered egg drop soup, sweet and sour chicken, grilled fish, fish with a corn sauce, Cantonese chow mein, chicken wings, veggie spring rolls, steamed veggies (snow peas, mushrooms, bok choy), eggplant with shrimp, and finally, veggie fried rice. Some of my family members asked 3 times about the fried rice throughout our first hour there, which of course came at the very end of the meal when all of the other dishes had already arrived and most were finished. 

The portion sizes were all good - no complaints there but I can't say that I really enjoyed any of the dishes that were ordered as they did not look appetizing to begin with (only the sweet and sour chicken in a pineapple did) and it was even more disappointing to taste how bland everything was. I pretty much ate to avoid being hungry. 

We had no issues when it came time to pay the bill of course. Since it was Father's Day, I paid for half of the bill along with some other family members but I feel like it was a rip off. We could have and should have gone elsewhere for lunch for the amount that was spent. Unfortunately, this is one of the few places that I already know that I won't be coming back to.