In a word, blech! 

I have been avoiding this place for some time, but I feel compelled to warn others about the attitudes, lack of service and the poor quality of the food at this particular location. 

Yes, like many others, I happened by this place while visiting the Arrowhead shopping center. I'm not a fan in general of fast-food subs and the like, but I made an exception since we've had their catering at our office for a few events, and (at that time) it had been pretty decent. And, to be fair, my first few visits to this location were pretty satisfactory, but unfortunately a good first impression only gets you so far. 

First things first, the attitudes of the people working here are, generally speaking, disenfranchised (no pun intended). Talk amongst themselves and shoot the breeze, but stand there as a customer and you'll get "the look" as if you're interrupting something. Furthermore, they don't seem to do a very good job of keeping the place up to snuff, as the soda machine is often dirty/moldy, low or empty of your beverage of choice and tables take way too long to be cleared up and cleaned. Yes, you're supposed to pick up after yourself, but no, as a guest, I shouldn't have to take care of a mess that your previous guest failed to clean up.

Additionally, in terms of service quality, as others have noted, they just aren't very accommodating at this place. The typical attitude that they could, but choose not to help you, is prevalent. If they screw up your order (surprisingly common), you will barely get an apology and certainly no empathy. Case in point, I found a bug in my sandwich before, while removing the grossly excessive amount of lettuce, and all I got was chuckles from the neanderthals who were tasked with making me a new one. What a bunch of degenerates. 

Worst of all, I think, is the quality of the food. I cannot count how many times the cookie was stale as a brick, whether it was the oatmeal or the chocolate chip or anything else. On the rare occasion that you get a nice, soft and chewy one, you can bet your bottom dollar that nobody else at the table did. What is with the inconsistency? Furthermore, when they make your sandwich, they go to length to put razor thin slices of cheese and meat, but by God, do they love to put in about 4x as much lettuce in proportion. I'm sorry but it's not a veggie sandwich and if lettuce is all I can taste, you're doing it wrong. Last but not least, the bread... what the hell happened to that? It used to be so, so good, warm and toasted properly and with a smell that made your mouth water. Now? Lukewarm, chewy, sometimes stale but never freshly baked.

Also, I would be remiss without saying something about the music in this place. Believe it or not, I have no issue with the choice of music they tend to play, which seems to be a mix of rock and alternative, but the volume... Jesus fuck! Turn that shit down you assholes. My ears actually end up hurting a lot more than my teeth after trying to eat one of their cookies. 

So yeah, can't recommend this shit show of a sandwich place. Disengaged staff, stale cookies, crap bread, too much lettuce, skimp on the meat and cheese and, top it all off, they try to blow out your damn ear drums. I can buy an overpriced, mediocre sandwich from plenty of other places. Never returning!