Wow. And this is not a good wow at all.

Did NOT expect such bad food here. My fellow diners said they had better steaks from Outback, possibly Sizzler and Cocos.

The waiters seem programmed to try to upsell everything. The only "amazing" food on the menu from the kitchen are the highest priced items. 

Considering how much amazing food is available in Vegas, Beso sucks some major donkey balls. The various managers are completely useless.  The manager we got to "work" with Chad Jahn is beyond useless. The consensus is that he's an ex-bouncer and doesn't even know how to manage to make a drink much less manage a high-profile restaurant.

There seems to be too many staff running around pretending to be busy than actually working.  I saw no less than 3 managers pretty much walking the floor doing nothing.  None of them went up to any tables to inquire about the food, the service or anything that would normally be relevant to their jobs. There were too many hostesses worried about their outfits and make-up and being seen. 

Now, onto the food. Again, WOW. It was beyond awful--once it actually came out.  Apparently our ticket got dropped TWICE by the kitchen. And, did any manager come out to apologize and try to make nice? Uh, that'd be a no.

That's where the wonderful and awfully helpful /insert sarcasm here Chad came over. And he only came over because we actually asked the waiter where the manager was and why he wasn't the one trying to sooth things over with us.  Instead, we told him what we expected from our service. Comped food, a steep discount and free dessert/coffee/tea. At least he had the competency to do that, so I guess there is some hope. BUT, the best part is--he wasn't the one telling us. Our poor waiter was the one breaking the news. Isn't that a manager's job?

The waiter and his trainee were so sweet and trying to help out, but honestly, what else can they do? I think they pretty much gave up when they knew how much of the dinner was going to be cut, therefore reflecting their tip. We made sure they were compensated for their work. As for the main tab? Aw hale naw.  Took whatever discount they gave us. Normally our group would order 1-2 desserts to share. Yeah, call us greedy and bitter, but we each ordered one.  The sad thing is? Even the dessert took 15 minutes to come out AND it wasn't good.

The one star was because our waiter actually tried so hard.

Final report: More style than substance.