The meal started off with promise, the bread in the bread basket and bruschetta were both excellent. However, the rest of the meal was a different story. The waiter was very unhelpful, argumentative and had little to no knowledge about the food on the menu. When we mentioned a dairy allergy, she indicated that all pasta noodles contain milk (it does not) - when we tried to correct her she continued to argue with us, before finally agreeing to check (their pasta noodles contains no milk btw) little did we realize that this was only the beginning... One member of our group ordered a pasta with rose sauce, yet when the server brought it out she said "oh this isn't rose sauce," but continued to serve it anyway, only removing it after we said that she did want rose and not tomato sauce. As she served the meals she also gave everyone the wrong dish.  Another member from our group ordered a dish listed as a shell pasta dish, when it came out it was a penne, which she told us earlier was the only pasta that is not homemade. When we mentioned it to the server she argued with us, indicating that the menu was incorrect but that we should have somehow known it was penne. At this point we asked for the manager, the waiter stood at the table as we spoke to him (how awkward) The manager also began arguing with us, and said that penne is a shell pasta. He was condescending and rude and was yelling at us. For fun after we left we looked it up on-line and there is no reference anywhere that indicates that penne is a shell pasta. If the owner or waiter reads this please note that penne is a tube pasta. Shell pastas look like... shells... But even if you go to this restaurant and have no issues with a waiter who has absolutely no knowledge of the food or a manager who starts to yell at you because you don't think penne is a shell pasta, you will surely be disappointed with the food. The pastas were all below mediocre. It's what I imagine a pasta dish ordered at pizza pizza would taste like... The pesto and rose sauce were more like bowls of oily creamy soup with a few noodles and the pasta with lamb tasted like a bottle of ragu meat sauce...  the shell pasta that never came out with shells was also unsatisfactory. There were three people at the table who actually work as waiters elsewhere and were shocked at the level of service encountered here. There are very few good Italian restaurants in Thornhill and with the opening of this one, nothing has changed.