An average review that wont sway the scales is in order. 

I took my mom here for mothers day a couple of years ago and had an absolutely awful experience, which embarrased me beyond belief. The bag boys were rude, the pro shop was unjustly impatient, the snack bar was closed (they said it would be open,) and the drink cart did not come by one time during our entire round. We even called the pro shop from cell phones to complain on about the 12th hole saying there was no water in the drinking water jugs on the course, the cart girl had never come by, and the bathrooms were all locked and the cart key did not open them. The guys in the shop were apologetic, and said they would send someone right out to help us, but we didn't see anyone. On the 14th hole, the ranger came by and he had some towels which kept us cool, and we let him know how disappointed we were that the drink cart wasn't coming by, the snack bar was closed, and there was no water in the drinking water jugs. Basically that we could not get water, and it was 100 degrees outside! He apologized profusely and said he would see us on the next hole with waters and bathroom keys, but we never did see him the rest of the round.

When we got back to the clubhouse, the bag boy was sitting on a chair under an umbrella watching us take the bags off the cart and stare him down. I'm sure he realized we were pissed he wasn't doing his job, but he offered no apologies or assistance. I later told someone in the pro shop about all the problems we had and he basically told us that we should expect this in the summertime. 

I've played golf for 20 years in Arizona, and most of it in the summer because I can actually afford to play then, and never had such an awful experience. I felt like I was playing on a closed golf course. A letter to their director of golf Joe Shershanova got a written apology and a comp round, but it didn't make up a ruined mothers day that I spent a lot of my hard earned money on... I don't make much.

The second experience was average.