My belief has always been that at a restaurant, nothing matters but the food.  Service can be abysmal as long as the food is good.  Tandoori Times has changed my beliefs about this, and I now realize that service can be so amazingly terrible that it can completely ruin a dining experience.

Dinner started innocently enough.  We sat at a table not far from the bar, and our server started out asking us what we'd like to drink.  The server had a young kid with her, maybe 5-6 years old, and the kid was helping her with things.  I thought it was kind of strange, but I assumed it was probably our server's kid and that she couldn't find a babysitter for the night or something - no big deal.

I ordered a dirty martini, and our server went back to the bar to mix our drinks (she told us the bartender had already gone home for the night, even though it was only 6PM).  Since our table was near the bar, we could hear what was going on there, and within a minute or two, I heard the server asking the rest of the staff if they knew where the olive juice was.  After a minute or two of searching, the staff concluded that they were out of olive juice.  At this point, I expected our server to come back and ask if she could get me a different drink.  She didn't.  Instead, she started asking the staff what she could substitute for olive juice, and they concluded that saltwater would be good.  Ugh.  She brought me the drink and pretended it was completely normal and nothing was wrong.  I pretended I didn't know any better, took a sip of the drink, and told her it was beyond awful and it tasted like they had used salt instead of olive juice.  She acted like she couldn't imagine why this was, and she said that she would take the drink off of my bill.  When she picked the drink up from the table to take it away, the young kid I mentioned earlier bumped into her and knocked the drink out of her hand.  She spilled a bit of it on me, and most of it on the floor.  She then walked away and offered no help of any kind - no napkins or anything.  This spilled drink stayed on the floor _the entire rest of the meal_, and they never cleaned it up.  When we eventually left, I was tempted to "slip" on it, pretend I severely hurt myself, and start yelling about how careless their staff was, how they could be held liable for injuries, blah blah blah.  I just wanted someone to recognize that it was ridiculous for them to not clean up things that they had spilled, but it really seemed like they didn't care at all.

Anyway, the server asked if I wanted something else to drink instead.  I went for a gin and tonic.  When she got back to the bar, the first thing I heard was "What's in a gin and tonic? How do I make one?" Sigh.  Anyway, the gin and tonic turned out okay, all things considered, but at this point I was pretty sad from what had already happened.

Finally, we got to ordering our food.  Our server came over, asked what we'd like, and as we started telling her, we noticed she wasn't paying any attention.  She was just watching her kid and talking to her.  So, we got to repeat our order again, and this time she actually paid attention and wrote it down.  Yay.

Awhile later, our food came out - we got two naans (one paneer, one chicken), chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, and rice.  The naans were pretty average, nothing really special.  The chicken tikka masala was actually pretty good, and was the only decent part of the whole meal.  The palak paneer was some of the worst I've ever had, and I'm pretty sure they just emptied a defrosted bag of frozen spinach over some cubes of paneer.  It tasted like no spices or any kind of flavoring had been added.

In the middle of eating, we were interrupted by the server and her kid for a rather awkward moment.  The server made her kid apologize for knocking over my drink, and then they walked away.  Congratulations Tandoori Times on making our dinner that much more uncomfortable.

Our server didn't seem to care about anything throughout the whole meal - she never asked how anything was, if we needed anything, etc. When we were done eating, she came by and dropped off the check, without removing our plates from the table or even saying a word.  We had been charged an extra $2.50 just to have rice with our entrees, which I think is pretty ridiculous.  Anyway, I took out my credit card and she came by to pick it up, again without saying a word.  We left quickly, wanting to get our Tandoori Times experience over with as soon as possible.

When we left, I was pretty frustrated and angry, which is not how one should feel when leaving a restaurant.  I will never, ever, ever come back here again.