It's never a good when you leave a place hungry and spend $70 not including drinks. I could stop there. 

Service: the server had a little attitude and seemed uninterested. The place wasn't very busy but I would say it was half full. The server started off a little slow. When ordering I asked for the unlimited Lake Erie walleye grilled. (I didn't feel like fried) my wife ordered the 1 lb lobster. I asked how many tails come with it approximately and she said 1 or 2. (I figured that meant 1) so we all ordered and when the food came is when the chaos started. They had no idea what was what and who ordered it. No big deal. However my walleye came out as fried. When I told them I asked for grilled the server came back with grilled walleye and said "when you order unlimited it comes fried but it will be grilled for the first." I thought she would tell me what when I ordered. So I told her I'll just take the single meal then because I didn't want anything fried. So she fixed that. 

When my wife's meal came out I was an entire lobster. We were expecting lobster tail. So maybe we don't know what we are doing but it was our first time there. The menu didn't clearly say what we would get and the server didn't clear my thinking when I asked about lobster tail. 
After the meal we waited about 20 minutes for checks and we thought she left. We were with a group of 8 and the family that brought us loves the place and they apologized over and over saying they never had service or food thus bad. I never tip less than 20% I tipped less than 15

Food:
My walleye was a normal size.
There was a ton of small bones in it. I don't care if there are a couple but I couldn't get one bite without bone. That sure was a let down. The taste was just okay, Nothing fancy. Learn to filet a fish and feel for bones. I can do it better myself. 

My wife's lobster was good but just upsetting that she didn't ask what we want. She didn't like the tomalley.

Overall 
My bill was almost $70 including one glass of wine before tip. My fish was $24. I wasn't even half full. Total rip off. I will not be back! My wife wasn't full either. Terrible service sub par food. The place could also do a remodel. I felt like I was in a place that could be on kitchen nightmares. I mean the naked women things all over. Sorry I'm upset. But I got ice cream after and I'm still craving Taco Bell. They get one star because the food and service disappointed me and the bill was way too much for what we got.