Let me start by saying I hate to leave a bad review.   For me to leave a bad review, something very egregious must have happened, or something not quite so bad must have happened several times. In this case, it is the latter.  I have been to this restaurant several times, so my experiences reflect multiple bad encounters. 

Before I get into the bashing, I'd like to state the only reason I have been back here after my first time, was at the promptings of friends. And I will indulge them as they are my friends and the quality of food is not bad. The few times I have been here, I have found the food to be enjoyable. However, the service has always been mediocre at best.

This last particular trip, however, will be my last.  Let me set the stage to start.  The place was not busy when we arrived, and it appeared at least half the lights were off.  I like natural light over harsh fluorescent, so this is not a complaint.  However, about halfway through the meal, all the lights came back on and the vents fired up with a loud "Woosh!"  It was like that scene from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, I though I was going to get sucked up through the vent.  But my real complaint here last night was the service, it  was beyond horrible!  We were seated quickly and the table was set with the side dishes just fine.  Our order was taken, with some confusion, but once we were all on the same page, it was delivered timely.  It was some time later though before anyone stopped by again to check on us.  It was so long in fact, I turned off the grill as little pieces of whatever started burning on the grill.  I ordered more bulgogi, and it seemed like forever before some measly portion was finally delivered.  The lady plopped it down on the grill, then seemed annoyed it was turned off.  Once the grill started heating back up, I took to arranging the meat neatly and evenly around the grill.  Of course, I quickly ran out of the sesame oil and patiently waited for someone to stop by and check on us.  That never happened.  There was a table of Korean people seated next to us, who were seated after us, that the wait staff, and a lady who appeared to be in charge, where tripping over themselves to attend to.  It was actually comical how we were being annoyed.  After many many attempts to make eye contact, my wife actually spoke up with a loud voice to a passing server asking for someone to stop by.  That was met by a blank stare, and still,no one ever came.  

We ended up standing up and walking to the register.  Had my family not been in tow, I would have simply walked out.  I complained to the lady I assumed was the manager.  She rang us up as I was complaining, said she was sorry and told me the total.  I don't think she could have cared less!  I made a point to put a 0 (zero) on the tip line and signed the receipt.  

To be fair, had this terrible dining experience not happened last night (I decided to sleep on this before taking to Yelp), I would not have ever reviewed this place.  But since I am on a roll, I will give it a review outside of my experience last night.

I like KBBQ, and although I have not tried them all, I have tried a few places and have enjoyed some more than others.  Here is my review of Woonam Jung Lee's Korean BBQ.

At Woonam Jung, you order your meats with the servers, and then they bring the meat to you. I have a couple friends that like this place because it is not "self serve", and they perceive this as being more sanitary.  

Side dishes are plentiful, and are presented in a visually appealing and appetizing way.  They have a papaya one that is very hot and amazing delicious.

However, although I have been here a few times because friends wanted to go here, it is not my go to place and would not choose this place on my own.  

First, even though the food is fine, the service is so bad that it does not make it worth the trip!   I mean, service is consistently bad.  And looking over other reviews, I am not alone.  Service always has been good when you first walk in, but follow up service is non-existent.  

I like the self-serve style KBBQ places.  I can get exactly what I want, and exactly how much I want.  No waiting for a server to drop by and take my order, then wait to have it delivered.  

I like the sesame oil with salt and pepper.  At Woonam Jung, they bring you such a small amount that  I usually have to ask for more several times.  I also like the garlic and  jalapeno peppers.  Again, they bring such a small amount I have to ask several times for more.  I understand they are probably trying to avoid waste, but the small amounts they offer comes off as stingy.      

Overall, the service is so consistently bad it overshadows anything good or unique about this place.  I have tried to like this place, but unfortunately it is not happening for me.  And given my last experience there, can honestly say I will never go back.