I've lived on Ann Rd for 17 yr and never heard of this place but the reviews were so good thought I'd check it out. Was convenient to order online before I left work and pick it up when I got off the freeway. People should be clear on their reviews though that it is located in the SINCLAIR gas station not the shell which is across the street. I couldn't find them and even went into the shell who said the taco shop is behind them. Well there apparently WAS a taco shop there but they went out of business. The place looked just like they left an hour ago and there wasn't a sign indicating the business name so I thought Jefes closed early or went out of business and I went home, a reasonable mistake under the circumstances. 

A few minutes after I get home my phone rings. Guess who? Right, it's Jefes. They have my taco! I quickly realize the mistake but tell him I'm home now, tired from working all week and I'm not going back out. To my surprise he says "you should have called". Well I thought you were closed down and didn't think to look up your number... Because you were closed in my mind. Then he says "well you got an email with all our info when you ordered" and finally "I'll delete you from the system then". I'm thinking "this is how you talk to new customers?"  If it were me I'd say "it's ok man, we'll catch you next time". I realize he was probably upset that he lost product but it was one single torta and I'm sure this isn't the first time someone couldn't find them. Don't they value a new customer more than a single torta? If they are going to operate out of a gas station they should probably expect to lose a little business due to their location. Plus their yelp profile and even on their website they don't make it clear they are located in the Sinclair station not the shell. If it were me I would make it abundantly clear which gas station they are located in just to minimize the customers they might lose due to being hard to find. Im sure the food is good but due to the bad attitude I won't be trying them again. I haven't missed this place for 17 yr so I don't think I will going forward either. 


Jefes also aren't clear on their website they are located in the Sinclair. Due to the difficulties finding them, I would suggest they make it abundantly clear on their website and Yelp where they are. They surely don't want people turning away because they can't find them.