Yiikkkkesss! 

We boated about 5 hours to Pittsburgh with the sole purpose of having too many drinks with people we haven't seen in a while. Translation: We were ready to blow more money than we should. 

First problem: Place was empty and Steelers were playing. Should have taken this as a sign, but figured we would be focused on. Asked for a non-Steelers game to be put on since we had several out-of-towners and waitress they don't get that channel. Now, I could understand lying to me (or just be honest and say "no") if the place was full - people are Steelers fan - but it was empty! Eventually the truth came out and the channel was changed without begging. Oh, look, they magically have that channel.

Second problem: You don't get to eat and drink when I am not. First martini took a little under a half hour to get to me. Again, it is EMPTY in this place. Someone points out that the waitress is eating pizza and drinking at a counter near the kitchen opening. Table next to me asks "what is wrong with this girl?" and we all consider leaving. Finally get my martini and cold apps - ew, once warmed spinach dip is now hard. But yay for yummy pretzel dips?  I order another martini and wonder why I bothered. Honestly...the martini menu looked good and I had no desire to get drunk at Bubba Gump next door. How bad can it be? Second martini takes 22 minutes...again we see her eating and talking to coworkers. 

Unfortunately, spending a ton of money on endless martinis didn't happen. 2 was enough waiting. Beer drinkers felt the same as their beer took as long, water refills were forgotten, and one beer order wasn't even remembered when we said something as she finally came back.

Never saw a manager. Asked for one. Just got a beer taken off bill. Ok, nice meeting you too. 

I would never dock the boat here again or eat/drink here. Geez! What a mess!

Note to waitress: The faster you bring drinks, the more people who want to get drunk order, the better your tip is. Also, get a new job.