I have heard nothing but good things about this restaurant. So when my GF saw a Groupon for it, we decided to try it out. 

First impressions. The woman who greeted us at the door was the owner's wife. We arrived 30 minutes early. She sat us but overall, I wouldn't describe her as warm or welcoming.  Maybe she was having a bad night, who knows. But leave your negativity at the back door.  

It's a very nice looking restaurant. Warm colors, romantic lighting, but there is somewhat of a sterile feeling.

The server Zack was great. He was very accommodating to my GF's dietary restrictions and was very friendly. All of the other service staff including the owner' son were also friendly and service was very smooth. 

The food: the bread that comes out I delicious, dangerously delicious. There is a pizza type of bread that has marinara and cheese. The texture was light as air. The other bread was equally as good. 

There is a Yelp check in offer for a complementary Bruschetta. The flavors were great but the tomato mixture was ice cold.

I ordered the Brodetto. The flavors were also very good but Brodetto means broth and the sauce was more of a marinara sauce thickness not a broth by any means.

I had the Ossobuco Milanese. It was very delicious. The saffron risotto was perfectly cooked and a perfect compliment for the Ossobuco.

They have gluten free pasta, which is great for people who eat gluten free like my significant other. They served it with a mushroom cream sauce which she enjoyed.

During our dining experience, we noticed the owner Gaetano walking around talking to all of the regulars. When he did stop by our table, it seemed like it was almost forced. He barely looked us in the eyes. Not exactly the warm welcome we expected for patronizing his restaurant. 

In the end, we asked for our check, when the owner's wife presented the check she told us gratuity was included. Not only that, but the gratuity was added on the after tax total, not the before tax subtotal. This is just tacky. Not something you should do to locals trying out your restaurant for the first time. Yes it says they add gratuity on the Groupon but, Groupon  also says to make sure you tip off the non-discounted total.  Since Zack and the staff were so great, I added more to make it an even 20%, which is what he deserved. I think a party of 2 shouldn't have their gratuity added. This left a very bitter feeling towards this restaurant. Just writing about their auto gratuity policy is getting me mad. 

It seems this restaurant has all the right makings of something great. Its nice looking, has good food, friendly staff.  But the owner's attitudes and policies ultimately leave the final impression of this place something to be desired.

As a local restaurant, you should try to make sure your customers come back and feel welcomed.

WE won't be back and won't recommend this place to anyone


P.S. Please look at the 29 reviews not recommended at the bottom of their page. They are an eye opening look into how the owners treat their patrons. I don't know why Yelp doesn't recommend them but please read them!