I feel so sorry for people that come here as a tourist or with out of town guests.  Folks, this is as bad as it gets.  

Living in Las Vegas I can deal with having a crappy restaurant experience and paying too much because sometimes you just don't know or have a choice.  Unfortunately, I had never been here and had a couple of out of town guests who googled Italian food on their phone and this one popped up and was close to their hotel.

I tried to steer them away from this place as restaurants on or near the strip are usually incredibly overpriced and the food is usually at best mediocre.   Well my attempt at steering them to a known commodity did not work.

Battista's it was.

I'm not going to get into details on this place as they have been discussed ad nauseum on Yelp.

The food in this place is not only unpalatable but is probably dangerous.  Chemical tasting food that I can picture being cooked up in large tubs in the back is what this place serves.

The 'wine' they serve is not quite up to the same quality someone on food stamps would buy to use as cooking wine.  Don't get me wrong I don't mind cheap wine but this stuff was not fit to be consumed by humans.

To top it all off they serve a Nescafe Corn Syrupy type chocolate drink at the end.

This place has a cozy ambiance according to other review but that's where the positives end.  This place preys on unsuspecting tourists who don't know any better until it's too late.  I can't imagine anyone ever going back to this place.

This place treats its customers like cattle, well, maybe worse actually.  They could care less about your experience and possible return business since they are located in a spot that see's a few million new visitors each year.  This restaurant wouldn't last 3 months in another city that must rely on return customers and positive word of mouth.

Please people do not go to this awful place with these awful people.  This restaurant represents everything that is wrong with the Las Vegas dining scene.