I had a very disappointing experience at The Arrogant Butcher. Having been there before, I chose it as a restaurant to bring some friends from out of town to. This was a party of nine. All women. 

At first experience was fine. A little bit slow but definitely not anything I would've complained about. When it came time for the bill, one woman was brought an individual check and everything else was put on one check. We realized there must've been a miscommunication in discussing the bill. I asked the waitress, Monica, if she would please split the check so everybody could have their own bill as we were all separate. She immediately declined and said we should have told her at the beginning that we wanted separate checks. She said that we could do the math for each item we ordered and write our names of the top of the receipt totaling what each of us got to the corresponding debit card name. 
While I did feel like this was a little bit ridiculous, we all complied.

 One of my friends leaned over to another friend and said that the waitress just being lazy. Those same friends, after doing their math, got up went to the bathroom. The waitress followed them into the bathroom and began to yell and scream at one of them. She then came out and hysterically yelled and screamed at me as well. I kept trying to give her the check that we had taken the time to total out each patron's menu items but she refused to accept it. She said she was transferring us to the bar and wanted nothing more to do with our table. I had to personally flag down the manager even though he was made well aware of the situation. I actually had to flag him down twice before he finally came to talk to our table. Meanwhile, we still had not been given the opportunity to pay our bill. 

My friend who was yelled at in the bathroom explained what happened to the manager and he made no apology. He kept saying it was an unfortunate situation and he wished it hadn't happened. He also kept trying to change the subject and asking her how she liked the food. He said he wish there was something he could do to make it better. I kept saying that an apology would make it a lot better but he would not do it. He then left for a few minutes and came back saying he was going to give half off of everyone's bill. I told him that while that was very generous, that was not what we were looking for. It would be very nice if he gave our table an apology. He still kept repeating that it was unfortunate and he wished it hadn't happened. Towards the very end of our confrontation, he said he apologized for the situation. It took us an hour and a half just to pay our check. During that time nobody refilled her waters or did anything even near our table. We were just trapped there and made to feel like we did something wrong. While my one friend admits that she should not have said the waitress was lazy, and she did apologize for that, I feel our table was treated extremely unfairly and rude by your establishment. The fact that the manager had no reaction to a waitress following a customer into the bathroom and screaming at her was shocking and appalling. I love Fox restaurants and I was so disappointed to not only be treated that way, but also to have my out-of-town guests screamed at by a waitress.