I don't even know where to start. First, my husband and I went there for the first time tonight for our date. We figured out quickly what we wanted to order. We got 1 vegetable samosa appetizer, 1 lamb and rice entree, 1 chicken tikka masala, 1 garlic naan, and 1 cola cola. It took an hour to come out, and people were getting their food way before us that came in after us. A very nice man came to our table to apologize for the wait and assured us he would take 15-20% off our bill for waiting. We thought this was very kind and didn't expect it at all. We didn't complain once for waiting, so really it was very surprising to us. Anyway, or food finally comes out and it was killer good. We enjoyed it very much, but when it came you refills on my husband water, the servic lacked. We had to wait a good amount of time for our bill but when it did come we explained we had bought their yelp $15 for $25 deal. The same kind man that said he'd discount or bill 15-20% was confused by their yelp deal and said he'd have to speak to the manager. Some time later he comes back and looks at it again and says he'll just take the $25 off. But then we no longer were compensated the 15-20% for waiting. Okay, fine we understand. Our bill AFTER being discounted the $25 was still $63!! So look at the receipt and see that we have been charged for a lot of things we did not order. We were charged for 2 vegetable samosa's, 1 kingfish entree, 1 tikka masala, 1 glass of merlot, 1 lamb entree (i can't recall the name), 1 other entree (i can't recall the name), 1 coke, 2 garlic naans, and another appetizer I can't remember the same of. I bright the receipt to our server and said hold on, you way over charged us. She knew immediately what we really ordered and ate and really changed our ticket which ended up being $24 after taking the $25 off!! But the extra shady part is is that she was helping the kind man with ringing out our ticket that they way over charged us for! I definitely think they thought they were going to get away with overcharging us. It is so disappointing because the food really was wonderful. We still tipped $8 even though the service wasn't that great and they tried to scam us, but that's the right thing to do. We will find somewhere else to eat Indian food rather than going back here.