I find the apology from the owner, a little different than the e-mail he actually sent me on march 5th.
I'll let you decide...
Hi Teddy,

rick s. has sent you a message on Yelp:

Your Review

"Teddy I do appreciate your feedback, however there are 3 sides to every story yours, ours, and the truth..Yoli explained the situation to me as it escalated after she came out to talk to you and your friend.. I do agree that our server was inappropriate with the comment she made referring to you and your friend being Loud and Making a Scene in Public, nothing to do with being gay, how would she even know? Yoli says that your friend repeatedly told her you waited 10 mins not 15..Maybe the wait was to long for your taste since you were really hungry. It was a beautiful morning and enjoying the patio and the beautiful garden it what people do. Possibly taking the other tables order was an oversight, You stated that since you waited to long you were going to leave and not pay your bill for the coffee, that Teddy is theft and you would never do that if you where in a store and the line was too long so you just walk out with a drink, right? The server more than wanted to accommodate you after you made a fuss, including my wife. Regardless if there were 3 tables or 30 tables full, learn to have patience. Yoli was busy in the kitchen helping make 2 large to-go orders, many things you don't know happen in a restaurant. We both have Family and Friends that are part of the LGBT community and we nor our employees would ever discriminate against anyone. The whole new level of 2nd class citizen was really Amplified by your friend calling my wife a Wetback which you failed to mention in your review. He should be ashamed of his actions. We care about and even love our customers which you could still be, as we invite you and your friend back for breakfast or lunch and we both can make some apologies and have a better day. Please respond when you have had time to read this and maybe cool off. Thanks Rick and Yoli"