*I read the review that "were not recommended" by yelp on this place, after I posted my review". Most of them are pretty dead-on as far as I'm concerned.  I need to get better about checking reviews BEFORE I go.*

Good for cheap happy hour beers, but that's probably about it. I didn't drink because I just came with my son to grab a bite. Will not be back for food.

My son (age 12) and I went to Shout House, but found it wasn't open on Tuesdays. So we walked around a bit and decided to give Saddle Ranch a try. The place was pretty empty, besides the bar. We got seated right next to the bar area. This worked out ok today, but I could see how it could be a bad idea with a rowdier crowd at the bar. 

The server suggested the Monster appetizer because it was happy hour and 1/2 off. Comes with 4 wings, onion rings, 4 short ribs, 3 sliders, and sweet potato fries ($23.99 reg price, happy hour $12). My son liked the wings, I thought they were very salty. The onion rings were good, slider patties were burnt and incredibly dry, short ribs sauce was good but they seemed like they had been sitting....maybe overnight-dry and tasted rewarmed. Sweet potato fries were cold and just not good. Server did bring us another order of sliders, cooked better, but still flavorless. She did bring us a "half baked choc chip cookie" topped with ice cream as a "special thanks for coming in today"...not sure if that is just something they do or if it was because it was our first time there and weren't real pleased with our food. 

Management must have been bored because he asked how we were doing 4-5 times during our 30/40 minute visit. The last time he came over, he stunk horribly of cigarette smoke (seriously like he had a lit one on him), not a great smell while you're trying to have a meal. On his 3rd visit to the table (after we had gotten our food) I did tell him about the sliders being very overcooked/dry and he said, "Yeah, that happens with the mini's sometimes" and walked away.  He got just past our table, turned around and THEN said, "can I have them put another order in for you?". I just felt he was very unprofessional. 

I'll end by saying that the 1 star is because we had a pretty good server, not great, but decent. I don't think with as slow as it was that refilling a water glass should have been too much to handle.  She stood there and watched me pour some of my son's water into my glass and still didn't bother to come back with more water.