Hey Dragonfly - FUCK YOU!

We were starving and driving down Mill on a Saturday afternoon when this place caught our eye for the 9th time... we decided to give it a go. We had tried to eat there once before, but it was at night and it appeared to be some sort of techno dance club with a DJ instead of a restaurant. On this day though, they were open and actually quite empty. I love Vietnamese food, but my favorite place is in the ghetto and really far and I can't talk many people into going with me. There's a place near my house, but it sucks.

We walked into Dragonfly, stood at the hostess stand and skimmed the menu and quickly decided we were ready to sit down. There were two other tables of customers there and dozens of empty tables yet he sat us next to the shitter. DON'T FUCKING SEAT ME NEXT TO THE TOILET YOU DICK! I didn't say anything, but god that really bothers me.

Anyway - we were seated and then left alone... We read through the menu... three times. The prices were pretty high for Vietnamese food I thought, but I don't care as long as the food warrants it. The decor really wasn't winning me over... at least the bathroom door wasn't. The food on the menu seemed to be very accessible and non-traditional based on the descriptions. It was like American food with a Vietnamese presentation... I don't necessarily have anything against that as long as it's good.

So we continued to re-read the menus over and over again - discussing what we would eat if we could, but then we realized we had been seated there for a long time and nobody had even taken our drink order or given us waters. I mean, we didn't just walk in and seat ourselves - someone was working there - I swear it. If we had seated ourselves, I can guaranfuckingtee you we wouldn't have sat next to the can.

We continued to wait for about a half an hour with no drink, food, or sign of an employee - so we bailed and went to Big Fat Greek where they at least treat you like you exist. 

I really wanted to eat at Dragonfly - honest - I really and truly did... they just wouldn't let me.