Would love to give this restaurant more stars because of the AYCE crab legs which is the main reason that I visit. But after my visit last night for my dads birthday, I don't think I will be returning. The service was nothing more than terrible last night. Considering that we had a large party of about 16 people, complaints are going to happen...and how those complaints are handled by staff says a lot about the establishment. For starters we had to use a total of 2 tables for our party. At first notice the waitress seemed flustered like she wasn't expecting to be serving 2 tables or had no experience with doing it. Everything was fine in the beginning and everyone was enjoying their meals. One member of our party ordered mushrooms which she felt were burnt and sent them back. The waitresses response was "those aren't burnt"...not very customer service like. At one table alone we had 4 out of 8 people order the AYCE crab legs. The other table had also ordered about 2 AYCE orders. Our waitress (Deidra) kept the crab legs coming at a pretty steady pace. About 10-15 buckets of crab legs later, my dad (whose birthday it was btw) asked for another order of crab legs. The waitress then said she couldn't serve him anymore because she would lose her job because he was sharing them...huhhhh??? She also proceeded to tell another person in our party the same thing. Considering that EVERY ONE in our party ordered a full meal ($25+) including some AYCE shrimp meals etc, we had no idea that sharing would be such a big deal (The bottom of the menu clearly states that plate sharing is an extra $7. Just add on the damn money instead of denying us our orders). To downright refuse us meals that we already paid for just didn't seem right at all! WE WANT AYCE! Lol. So my dad was clearly taken aback and asked for management. EPIC FAIL. The high & mighty manager pounced over like the donkey that she is, and when trying to explain to her that my dad only shared crab legs with my step mother who couldn't eat a lot because of gastric by-pass surgery the manager says "well that has nothing to do with it, we don't allow sharing", everything we said she had an argumentative come-back for. No sense of customer service & problem solving skills at ALL! My step mother then made note to the manager that they were very argumentative and brought up the mushroom incident. The manager says "well those mushrooms weren't burnt, I saw them". The whole time she was just being an argumentative asshole so we informed that we would be contacting upper management.

After the whole AYCE incident our party pretty much brought up more incidents. Like the fact that one person in our party ordered AYCE perch but wanted a seasoned fish to taste. He liked it and requested more. More was never brought out for him although the waitress insisted that it was (she even said she sent it out with another waiter so it wasn't her fault). Yeah ok. Lots of commotion was happening from the catastrophe that was the bad service & when overhearing a member of our party say that she wasn't going to ask for the manager again because she would end up cussing her out, the waitress threatens us and says "well if it's a problem the police are outside". Police? Seriously? The waitress actually called the police on us because she said she felt "threatened"...talk about poor service! While passing out receipts she had to redo the receipts upwards of 3x because she couldn't even get that right! The waitress then overhears my stepmother complaining about the overall staff experience and the waitress says "well maybe it wouldn't happen if you were a better customer". I couldn't believe my ears!!! And to top it all off, before leaving I tried to finish my salad and guess what I found? A LONG BLONDE HAIR smh. We will not be returning at all!