First off: this place is NOT always a restaurant. I arrived at 5:30pm tonight, and the place was closed for a private event.

Here's how the staff treated some would-be customers:
As others have mentioned, this place is in the middle of nowhere. For our last night in Toronto, I decided to bring my daughter and parents here for dinner. During the trek to Gossip, my 6 year old daughter started to feel the need to go to the bathroom. There is nothing around this place, so we ran ahead of my parents to get there. As soon as we walked in, it was clear to me that the place was closed for a private event. Still, my daughter was busting, so I asked if she could just use the bathroom. Again, there is NOTHING around this place.
The manager, a dark-haired woman, said, "No, we are closed to the public."
"Please? She's about to have an accident right here."
"We are closed! But fine, go."
I sent my daughter to the bathroom, but the manager caught me shaking my head.
She shouted at me, "Why are you shaking your head?! This is not a public restroom!"
"Why are you screaming at me? She is six! How about some decency?!"
"Decency? How about you teach your daughter about personal responsibility?!"
I admit I lost my temper. We had come here for dinner, and I simply asked if my daughter could use the restroom - something no one has ever said no to before, but it hasn't happened often - of course she understands to go before we are going to be gone for a while - and the manager is screaming at me in front of her. Unfortunately, it continued:
I responded, "How is this about personal responsibility? We came here for dinner, and this place is in the middle of nowhere. We thought this was a restaurant."
The manager shouted back, "Oh don't try to pull the wool over my eyes!"
This really took me aback. My parents, in their 70s, were trying to catch up to us for what they expected to be a nice meal.
"Update your Yelp page!" I finally shouted.
My daughter came out of the bathroom. We left, and the manager shouted after us, "ASSHOLE!"
"I heard that," my daughter said.