THE. WORST.  The worst!  Worst restaurant I've been to in Toronto as a native.  Absolutely terrible.  Why?

The food is bad.  I could get better food at any of the big chains (Moxie's, The Keg, Alice Fazooli's, Milestones, etc.) for a similar price.  But some of the dishes are absolutely terrible.  I ordered a penne alla vodka that tasted like canned tomato soup.  Terrible.  Another time (I didn't want to come back but a friend had their birthday dinner here) I ordered a pesto linguini that was very heavy, greasy, and bland.  Their polenta fries were also mushy, greasy, and bland.  The pizza was a salty, soggy, burnt mess.  Just no. 

But what brings their place from bad to terrible is the awful, awful service.  It is consistently horrible.  Every single time - I've been here 3 times (ETA: twice because of birthday parties and only once voluntarily).  The servers are always inattentive, they don't take your order down properly, they get them wrong, they are unapologetic, it takes 15+ minutes to flag them down if you need something, and they just don't care about giving you a good experience. 

On my first visit, we asked for parmesan cheese for our pasta and they were utterly bemused, as if our table invented putting shaved parm on pasta.  "You want what?  For the pasta?!  Really??? *looks at you like you have 4 breasts* Um...ok.  We'll see what we can do."  Then they came back with a plate of three long slices of parm on a plate - not what we wanted and not enough to share.  I wondered if we were on the same planet.

The next two times I went, I saw that they had bottles of "parmesan cheese" on the tables...but it's the cardboard-tasting crap you should not get from Kraft at the supermarket.  Seriously.  Italian restaurants should offer freshly-shaved parmiggiano-reggiano for your food as an absolutely basic item!  

The last time I went (meaning the previous AND the last time I will visit this place), we asked to split the bill.  They absolutely refused.  Just will not do it.  They had the manager come out to tell us off and to insist under no uncertain terms they absolutely refuse to.  Plus they tacked on a mandatory gratuity that, while I understand is standard for parties of 6+ in most restaurants, I felt was absolutely undeserved. 

Spend your money elsewhere!!!