A players perspective...

When this place was new, it was awesome.  As someone who has been playing softball for over 10 years, it was really neat to have this come to Vegas. They have 6 replica stadiums where you feel like you're playing in the real deal.  They have two Sports Clubs where you can get food and drink and batting cages.  I played there for over a year before I gave up on the place and this is why.

1 - The fields are much smaller than city/county fields.  City/County are 300ft deep all around and the bases are 70ft apart from each other.  BLD has fields as short as 265ft deep.  In fact there are only two spots that reach 300ft amongst all 6 fields.  You feel great when you hit a homer, but then everyone hits weak homers and scores regularly get over 25 runs for each team.  Their bases are 60ft from ea other, so turning double plays is rare and people are almost always safe at first.  This gets old after a while.

2 - They haven't improved the fields since they've opened.  All the outfield graphics are drastically faded, the batting cage nets are filled with holes and the outfield has giant worn out spots that get hard as concrete..

3- They use their own BLD logo balls that are more tightly wound that regulation softballs.  This makes the balls fly significantly further.  Many of the roided out clowns hit balls over their nets, which measures over 400ft.  

4-  My biggest complaint has to be the quality of their umpires.  This place is like a stepping stone for players that want to become umps, that have no experience and get it by becoming umps there.  Many of the umps are also players there.  So you often get games poorly called and biased.  

5- The egos and tempers of many players/teams is off the charts.  The crap that isn't tolerated at City/County fields, is enabled at BLD.  Fights happen often and arguing isn't diffused by these rookie umps.  

6- You pay a huge premium (compared to City/County) to play here.  In the beginning it wasn't so bad, but as the venue deteriorated and the quality of teams did as well, paying a premium was no longer worth it.

7- They charge $3 a person to come in.  Family has to pay to come watch you play.  They don't offer any type of season pass to give regulars a discount. That's BS

All in all, it was fun for a while, but if you prefer to play a more competitive game a softball, this place isn't it.  BLD is little league softball for grown ups.  They fields are really small and there are too many immature adults that ruin the game.  

Since moving our team back to City and County, none of us have looked back. 

Hope this info helps.