I absolutely despise feeling like I've been judged not worth someone's time due to their assumptions about my financial status based on my outward appearance.
And this time it wasn't even by a girl in a G-String on a pole!

Okay, so anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm not regularly dining high on the hog, but don't the beautiful rich people slum around in workout gear sometimes, too?

So after a recent run down Central Ave, one of my K9's and I decided to partake in a little of the awesome concept Donald S calls RETOXIFYING.  A little snack and some wine out on the patio sounded great to me, so I went over to Bomberos.

It was early in the day, so they weren't at all busy, there were only a couple of other customers either inside or out.  I walked in and out between the patio and the inside seating area several times over a few moments, purposefully contorting my face into the restaurant patron's "where do I go?" look.  Since the server's work station and door to the kitchen area were in that narrow hallway, I actually was in the way of the couple of servers who were there trying to move to and from the two dining areas.

I did not get greeted at all, either before or after I had to stop one of them and ask for a menu. 

I sat and reviewed the menu for a several minutes, all the while continuing my confused, helpless patron routine.

Nothing.

With nary a peep out of the servers, I walked away.

My tendency to frequent $ instead of $$$$ places comes less from a lack of means than it does from my countless experiences that what you get for your $$$$ is often not worth it.  
If I have a 2* experience at a $ restaurant, I may be a little upset, but if I have a 2* experience at a $$$$ establishment, I'm going to be postally pioughd.

Bomberos may treat you like one of the Sunnyslope Elite, if you show up looking like you are one of the Sunnyslope Elite.  Maybe then their overpriced wine and admittedly tasty looking nosh might seem worth it.  (It IS all from South America)  Without friendly or at least minimally cordial customer service, they can stuff it up their stuffy butts.

I ended up stopping at a nasty dirty nearby Sonic (limited options due to the dog, remember) where both the order-taking electronic voice and the rollerskate-less carhop both had the decency to ask me how I was doing that day.