If I can give this place negative stars I would. Not so much for the food but the service. I used to go to this place with my Korean friends and family for naeng-myun and other Korean dishes. Today, there was this non-Korean, Hawaiian (I think) person working and was absolutely rude! I was short on time, had a 40 minutes lunch break and since Island- style was right across the stress, I was thinking 35 mins should be plenty of time to eat my food and leave. I was waiting over 20 mins for my food and I understand there were a few orders ahead of me and by looking at everyone else's food, it does take time to cook. After 15mins passed by I asked the guy if it would take long cause I only had 15 mins left to eat and go back. He did said he would check on it then left. Approx 10 more minutes passed by I gave him my credit card so it would be faster if I ate and left. He told me that it takes time to make my buckwheat noodles and that everything was made to order. Ughhh.... buddy I'm Korean and I know damn well that it only takes 30 secs once in boiling water to cook the noodles and put in the broth. Needless to say I took one bite of the cold noodle and it wasn't hand made, it was the store bought noodles you cook in boiling water. The broth was so salty, and the spicy buckwheat noodles tasted like pure hot pepper paste + vinegar and again salty. I took literally two bites and left. The guy who took my order grabbed the checkbook from me and told customers next to me 'shes telling me how to cook brah...'. I know you've been cooking for 19 years BUT if you knew anything about customer service you do not talk shit when I can clearly hear you, grab the checkbook out of my hand, and give me dirty looks. Everytime I came here its the owners that now operate the one at Greenland. They are soo nice and helpful... total opposite of this guy... oh yea btw your Nengmyun (cold buckwheat noodles in broth) and Bibim gook-so (spicy, cold buckwheat noodles) is tasteless... 

If this guy didn't offend me so much, I would come back for their Hawaiian plate lunch, it looked really good. Not so much for the Korean food, I wish the Korean owner or son would've been there :(