The absolute worst. We ( a family of 4, 2 kids, 2 adults ) went into have dinner at 608pm we ordered our food was brought table at 745pm.
The food well when your 5 year old takes her first bite of her favorite meal (mac & cheese) and says first thing after waiting over an hour for food and is starving that her dinner isn't good because it's cold like a popsicle there's a problem. So I tested it yep ice cold.
My 8 year old spaghetti...the same ice cold
My hubs ordered a meal and a side if soup, soup ice cold, meal luke warm. I ordered a meal and a side salad... salad was literally 5 pieces of lettuce, my meal was luke warm at best. 
My 2 kids and I shared my dish while waiting another 15 minutes while waiting for their dishes to to be warmed back up. When my hubs went up to see what again was taking so long the mac and cheese was finished just sitting there getting cold again, and then the person "cooking" the speghetti again says it hasn't been started yet because they don't have any spaghetti noodles...so I guess just standing there for 20 minutes gets more noodles?
After waiting out for the kids food again my hubs went and said something to the manager he said weren't you warned of the long wait for the food after you ordered....Um no and wouldn't you warn if the wait before the customer orders and pays??? 
Sure it was dinner time and busy but no more busy then Tokyo joes which has the same ordering concept of ordering and then going to your table with a number and then they bring the food to you.
The beverage dispenser out if ice.
Out of forks, when we approached a employee to get forks he said the ones he had were for other people then started handing them out to people at tables that had arrived after us. Any how that wasn't even the biggest issue...
The ladies restroom was also out of toilet paper when I asked for some the gentleman I asked pawned getting it off to some one else who went to get it which took forever, comes back with hand towels, I said no toilet paper, he says no one tells me anything around here, goes back for another 5 minutes, come back and starts going towards the rest room I said no I can just take it and put it I there there's a line of 6 ladies now waiting to use the bathroom at the rate Flash McHussle moves at it would have taken an hour to put it in there.
Seriously I wouldn't even give this place one star but then I can't leave a review