This place has gone off the deep end.  It used to be my favorite steakhouse in all of LV, but it has gone so far downhill i'll never eat here again.

It was our servers first day, and I'm more than willing to cut a new server some slack, but what happened was ridiculous.

For entree I ordered the filet which was cooked well but tastes nowhere near what their steaks tasted like 2 years ago when I frequently ate there.  

I asked the waiter to add a lobster TAIL to the steak.

When the food came out, the waiter brought our steaks, and a WHOLE lobster.  I asked another server to get ours because we ordered a tail and not the whole lobster.

About 5 minutes later our server came over and tried to tell me that what was on the table WAS a lobster tail. 

Funny - i've never seen a lobster tail with claws, legs, and a body before.

My friend and I were already into our steaks when he took the whole lobster away and said he would look into it.

15 mins later he comes back - still no lobster tail, and I was almost done with my steak and we were in a rush so I told him to just forget the tail if it was gonna take longer.

Then he disappears for another 15 mins.  I asked another server to please grab him and he came out and I asked for the check.

Another 10 minutes goes by and so we walked in to see if the check was ready and what was taking so long. (we ate outside)

The manager was adjusting the bill - and this is what REALLY pissed me off.

The manager says "since you ordered the whole lobster and then cancelled it and then ordered the tail and then cancelled it Im charging you for the tail.

I said - "No - I ordered just a tail to begin with"  

He says "No you didn't my server told me you ordered the whole lobster.  I trust my server"

And wanted to stand there and argue with me about it telling me I was lying about ordering just the lobster tail.

I told him I was almost done with my meal and the tail still wasn't there which was why I cancelled it.

He didn't want to hear any of it, and got a really smug attitude with me.

At no other nice restaurant on the Vegas  strip will you see this sort of treatment of a customer.  He stood there blatantly calling me a liar right to my face, when both my friend and I tried to tell him the server was the one who fucked up.  Not me.

This place went from penthouse to outhouse.  From the management, to the wait staff, to the food.

 I'll never eat here again.