Today I actually got really crappy service.  I know what good service is from Carl's Jr and we have been coming to this one for the past 2 plus years.  And my brother used to work here over 2 decades ago when we were in college.

Oh, I wrote that before.  Oops.

Today, Guadalupe (I think that's her name) served us at the drive through.  She is fairly new that I can tell of the past couple weeks.  She never smiles and is always curt.  Today, upon buying 3 large drinks (and I wasn't happy that the prices went up on this, too to $1), I handed her my debit card and my daughter's school ID.  She said she cannot accept the school ID and that I will not be getting a 10% on the drinks.  She said they are already discounted.  I said they raised the prices like about a week ago.

She told me the drinks are normally $2.50.  I don't think they've been that price in ever, not even in Vegas are they this much.  She said we were already getting a discount and they don't do discounts on their $1 menu.  I said, well, the sign right there said, they always give 10% to students (with IDs), veterans, military, senior citizens.  Then, she went on to say, it's only for the veterans and military that they will give 10% off.

Anyway, she refused and it's not even that I need or even care about the stupid 30 cents, but the principle.  I told her yesterday I got the 10% off, but she didn't address that.  How they she say they only give 10% off to military when the sign there clearly says to whom.  And, the sign does not have an asterisk stating that the 10% is for certain items only.

We frequently other Carl Jr's around the valley and have always gotten the 10% off our drinks or whatever we are buying.  Anyway, I'm really ticked and called another Carl's that is closer to our house that we go to.  They said they always give the 10% if you show your ID for those groups no matter what you buy.

I will be calling this Carl's Jr and complaining about her and see if this is true, that they will not honor the 10%.  If they don't, then they will completely lose all our business.  Guadalupe also said all the other fast food restaurants charge $2.50 also. Well, that's absolutely not true - I checked the large drinks with Burger King, Chipotle's, Dairy Queen, Subway, McDonald's, Jack in the Box, KFC, Wendy's, Whataburger, Arby's, Sonic, Rally's, In & Out, Panda Express and NONE of these places charge $2.50 for their large drink.  I think one of the places even offered a 1.5 liter for maybe $2.29 or something like that.

Anyway, I will be voicing my complaint to this Carl's for her rudeness, for stating things that she just made up, for being very non customer service oriented.  My husband said I should have refused the drinks and I should have, but I was in a rush.