Mama Mia.  I hate giving this kind of review  to a place I hold dear.  Obviously operations haven't been ironed out in the front of the house or the back of the house.

I've been a fan and patron of Bianco since '06 when I was exiled here from San Francisco and Chicago.  I was living part time in both cities.  I got to know thin and deep dish crust pizzas.  I prefer thin. Unless it's Giordano's.  I digress.

I came with my uncle. Assuring him it was awesome pizza even thin crusted.  

We ordered two mozzarella salads.  Good.  As I have always expected.  We arrived at 7pm.  Salads at 715.  Pizza, the "wise guy" fired at 727.  Didn't receive the pizza until 810.  

My uncle ordered iced tea.  He didn't receive a refill from our server.  He politely set his empty iced tea glass to the side.  And then we waited.  

This awesome waiter assistant/back waiter filled his iced tea.  

Then our server came by.  Asking if we wanted any crushed pepper for our pizza and if we were excited.  :/. What?!  Obviously!  We had been waiting and she didn't even acknowledge our wait let alone fill one iced tea.

Then I had to call anyone who would make eye contact with us over to see exactly what was happening with the pizza we ordered.  Was it given to another table?  Was the temperature in the wood fire burning oven too low?  Why aren't we enjoying Chris Bianco's pizza yet?  She explained that the order is fired after salads are FINISHED on the table.  Be warned.  I wasn't.

Lord almighty.  Back of house and front of house has some work to be done.  Fire entrees when salads arrive.  Not after one finishes their salad.

I was given this explanation.  "The oven is backed up right now."  This came from the hostess I had to wave at.  Understand, it's very horrible and rude to have to wave at any restaurant staff.  They are thinking a million things a second if they really care about their job.  

Our waitress was lackluster at best.  She ignored us.  She was either embarassed the kitchen is going through changes( and going down) with new blood or she just really doesn't know how to talk to a table regarding a long time ticket.  

Very disappointed.  I'll take out from now on after calling ahead.