My sister wanted to try this restaurant out tonight for her birthday dinner.  Since she loves Mediterranean food, and we've been wanting to try this restaurant, we decided tonight's the night.  Tonight was also the last night.  The service was sub par at best .  It took me asking the waitress three times for a glass of water, mind you the restaurant was not crowded.  When she finally decided to com/e and take out orders or chicken sharawma, lamb kabobs, chicken fingers (for the 7 year old), gyro plate and the Sultani platter, it took an hour for each entree to arrive at the table.. one entree at a time, about 5-10 minutes between each entree.  The guest that ordered the Sultani (grilled fish) did not receive what they ordered, rather they received the filet kabob plate.  Since we couldn't locate our waitress who had gone outside and wasn't checking her table(s)  we advised another waitress about the mixup.  In which we found out they were out of Sultani and made the decision to replace a fish dinner with beef with the reasoning that the filet was better than the Sultani.  tone came out and told us the restaurant was out of fish and ask if we would like something else in its place. When we finally located our waitress to advise her of this, her simple was response was "yeah I heard".  When asked what she was going to do to fix it, she got defensive and said well what do you want me to do.  As a patron, I shouldn't have to figure out your solution for you, this is your job, I came here to relax and enjoy a meal that took an hour to come out and when it did it was wrong. When it came time to pay the bill, we were waiting for her to take the payment and she came over and said "Is there a problem?".  Needless to say, she did not receive a tip.  The one star is for the food, which was delicious, however the lackluster service ruined the meal and I would not recommend this place unless you have nothing but time and don't mind the staff deciding what you're going to eat for you.