Been here twice, the first time it was not bad. Had a huge group of 15 people and they gave us the VIP room.  It is very quiet for the AYCE Japanese as there was only 3-4 other table.  The Service is terrible here as the servers are very rude and likes to hide behind the counter and not come assist you.  The second time I went it was even worst that I will never come back.  First we had 10 people and it wasn't even busy, we asked for the room and the server just ignored us.  So I asked another server and she gave me this ugly look and said in broken English "No, not available." So we got stuck in the main room with another table.  The seating was so uncomfortable especially if you didn't get the bench, the seating didn't have back support and it was kind of small. I am not a big guy and it was bad, I don't know how bigger people going to sit there.  

So at Osechi you write your own orders on paper but only 1/4 of your food actually came.  And the sashimi pieces keeps getting smaller and smaller - quality getting worst.  I asked for 25 piece of salmon sashimi only 10 came so I put in a few more orders.  By the 5th order all the servers saw us calling for them and all disappeared I can clearly see them peaking out.  This is before they spoke to the sushi bar (he might be the manager or owner) and told them most likely not to take any more orders from us; we did order a lot but we finished everything and was still hungry.  I got so sick of hunting these servers just to put a order in that only 1/4 came in so we just gave up and asked for dessert.  Only thing good is that the have black sesame ice cream, mango pudding and deep fried banana.  

I would not return for such lousy service and okay food quality with so much competition for AYCE sushi out there for around the same price.  I wouldn't be surprise if this place be gone within the end of the year as well as this location keep changing every time I go to this plaza.

Rating:

Service: 1/5
Food Quality: 3/5
Comfort 2/5
Decor  3/5
Value: 3/5
Parking: 5/5