Let me start off by saying I wrote a review and message them on fb and the website they asked for my number so they could contact me because they wanted me to have a good" experience " ha and to think I thought ok well that's nice . NOPE I even wrote another her comment and they didn't even reply or call it's been a week since then !!   I even wrote a comment on a picture they had posted ! And they deleted my comment !when we got to this place it looked ok and the music was fine a little old school by anyways we go and order drinks well the girl bartender that was in the middle was absolutely the rudest person I had met she even rolled her eyes a few times but hey we were having a good time we were there maybe an hour . My brother in law hands her a cup of water she had given us ! Let me tell you why he had to hand it to her and call her over .... she was ignoring us ! She starts telling the male bartender that he was rude and making comment s ! Come on now really !? You work at a bar if you can't take it don't work at a place like that you work with drunk people duh !!!! But if he was really disrespectful I would have given her the benefit of the doubt but he wasn't ! The male bartender takes over and helps us because we had asked for 4 shots and didn't bring them so he brings them over and starts making loud comments about why the girl didn't want to serve us anymore ! Hence why I know what she told him ! Ok guy that was rude ! We didn't need to know all that or get yelled at it was not necessary why did he think we were gonna let him yell at us ?! I hadn't even taken my shot and he kicks us out and takes my drink and told my boyfriend not to take his and snatched mine right away I talked to the manager (he was an absolute joke ) took us outside talked to me then he said he would talk to the bartenders I told him I wanted my money back ! Then he comes back and says well sorry they said you drank it. !!! Realllyyyy then the manager walks away ! I have never been so upset and disregarded in my life and I work and deal with angry customers who at times tell and I would never treat them this way !!!! Get a different job because all of you were horrible !