Planned my bachelorette party in Vegas of course and my friend Angie was kind enough to make reservations for our group here since she could get a special deal. So she reserved two suites 4 girls in each room, 2 weeks before our visit  2 girls dropped out so we figured we could have 6 of us in one room but the hotel refused to cancel one room reservation. My friend tried everything she could but they would not budge, I felt horrible so I offered to pay more since everything was being divided and  my girls were kind enough to pitch in also. Okay three girls in each room will be more than comfy, we shrugged it off and continued the excitement for the weekend. The day we left to Vegas three girls including my friend Angie left in their car a bit early and checked in while the rest of arrived shortly after. Our evening would start at 5:30pm, arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and when we reached my friends room she informed us the other room was still not available yet. So we all just got ready in her room and left to meet our limo downstairs before we left my friend went to check the status of our room at 5:30pm and it was still not ready. So you wouldn't let us cancel our reservation and yet you don't even have a room we've paid for ready  more then 2 hours after check in? So frustrating!!!!! we leave enjoy our night and don't return until around 2am and I was done for the evening but apparently the girls placed me in our room which was finally available to us. The next morning wake up and look round the room to notice it is disgusting weird stains all over the satin headboards, dings and dents on the walls and the tv . You can view my pictures as see it for yourself,  as if rockstars occupied our room before us and trashed the place and the hotel thought they could clean it and find it suitable for us still. Some of the outlets in the bathroom did not work either,  just highly disappointed with the hotel after all its supposed to be one of the nicer hotels on the strip. Never would return again even the valet took quite awhile to recover our vehicle. And with their delay on our room they wouldn't even accommodate a late check out. Much better hotels to stay at with better prices and service!