Let's start by saying this wasn't my first visit to Jack's, but it will most assuredly be my last!  My wife and I have been here a few times before and it has been adequate.  Maybe I should have listened to my gut a few weeks ago when we were there for '$2 Taco and Margarita night.'  After a long night of extreme pain from what I think may have been passing a kidney stone with my head in the bowl, it may have also been a battle of food poisoning from their fine fish tacos.  This past visit was last night, a Tuesday night of frivolity and Trivia.  The Trivia contest was extremely loud, so my wife and I changed tables to the other side of the restaurant so we could try to have a normal conversation.  My wife ordered a class of Louis Martini wine, I had a OMB Copper beer.  My wife likes Louis Martini Cab.  When Josie, our wait person (excellent service, she is the shining star in this saga), brought my wife's wine, she said that it didn't taste like Martini wine. Josie brought another small glass poured out of the Louis Martini bottle and my wife said that the wine in the large glass was not the Martini.  Josie brought another glass of Martini that was definitely different and that another wait person may have picked up the wrong glass; but it was the right one this time.  We were eating our dinner and I decided that I'd like a glass of Martini as well.  Josie brought a glass of wine for me when I notice that the glass was dirty.  Looking through the glass into the lights I could see a lot of water marks and stains, and what looked to be bits of food inside.  I held up my wife's glass and noticed that her glass was just as nasty as mine.  I asked to speak to the manager.  She came out from behind the bar and came over to our table.  With a bit of an attitude she told us that that's how the glasses come out of the dishwasher and it's difficult to get the glasses clean and that the pulp from 'mimosas' often sticks to the glasses. Without much difficulty I used my finger tip  and removed some of the 'pulp' and water stains from the glass.  I asked the manager if the bar owns a clean towel to wipe down the glasses before they are put into the glass racks. She was not happy with my towel comment.  She begrudgingly credited both glasses of wine from our bill.  Needless to say I would not recommend anyone visit Jack's, even if it is '$2 Taco and Margarita Night' or if you are a Trivia Pursuit champ!