The establishment at Jardin Nelson need not thank me for writing my first review. I am well aware that this is my first here. Their blatant discriminatory practice forced me to do so. My husband and I were on our honeymoon. While touring Vieux Montreal we decided to find an establishment to dine, wine and hear some jazz. Jardin seemed to have some decent reviews. It was too be an early dinner on a Monday in August. The place was not yet crowed. Upon entering, my husband, who is white and me who is black Haitian, were directed to a table in the back. As the place was not crowded and we noted a few families with young children around our intended section, we politely asked to be seated upstairs. The hostess paused and almost reluctantly took us up the stairs to a quieter section that seemed to have been reserved for more desired clientele. I should note that upon coming in we did see a black family seated off the side near the front entrance. The clientele around us were all white and seemingly of the Fifth Avenue/ Rue Sherbrooke type. I should note that my husband and I are professionals who could hold are own too. However, it seems that we were the wrong combination platter. To make a long story short, we sat at our upstairs table,  with menu in hands, for over 20 minutes. Meanwhile, the empty tables around us where beginning to fill up with the right clientele who were immediately given water and their drinks of choice. My husband and I waited. Five different waiters passed us to see to the needs of others. A woman,  who we later found out was the manager, even saw us sitting there and went about doing other things. I knew something was us but said nothing, not even to my husband; least i be branded the angry black woman. Finally my husband, who is usually the first to err on the side of goodness,  noted the blatant oversight. He asked a passing server to see a manager. When the manager arrived she gave an excuse about the changing in staff. We then noted that people who can after us were already handled. She apologize perfunctorily, but failed to acknowledged the blatant oversight by her staff. I then said her excuses are unacceptable. I said this situation merits a review. She then waived us away and says, "well go ahead and write your review". It was embarrassing as other guest had noted the blatant neglect too. As we walked out, we saw a new girl at the stand who wished us a good day. We briefly explained we had not eaten and why. She apologized, but the damage was done. My poor husband was apologetic and nearly tearful. I explained to him this is the perils of being black in an Anglo Franco World. We took a taxi back to our hotel. We will not do Vieux Montreal again. The area restaurants don't really welcome diversity. The discrimination at the Jardin Nelson was systemic. Don't waste your money in that pretty poison.