Sorry if this seems cut and pasted - it's because it is.  I originally wrote this on a forum.
---

Went to Spoon & Fork last night with a friend, it was the first time having sushi for both of us.

I must have looked like a complete slob, dressed in a baseball hat with track pants and everything, I wasn't expecting it to be all dim and fancy on the inside haha.. And I really don't think our server liked us much at ALL hahah, oh well

The big irritants of the night: $27.99 x 2 for dinner with NO drinks included, it wouldn't surprise me if they don't give out ice water for free either. Order a soft drink for $3 and there's no refills included? Give me a break... Waiter was probably lying to us.. I just drank beer instead, Sapporo actually at a hefty $7.50 a piece. 

Asked where the desserts were on the menu and the guy said it's on another menu, and is not built into the cost. Like really? The other AYCE menu's I had looked at from other restaurants online always included some kind of desert section. Not at Spoon & Fork

We asked the guy what kind of sushi to try as 2 people that have never had it before and he quickly recommended "green dragon rolls", we had, in order: green dragon rolls (my favorite of the night, but possibly only because we had these first and at our hungriest), then spicy california rolls (also good, thought i was gonna hate these due to fake crab), then salmon sushi , then ebi sushi (shrimp), then spicy salmon sushi (this one was awful. i could barely get it down.. worst of the night. way too much seaweed and something crunchy in the middle, yuck), then yam rolls (second least favorite). 

To be honest I really didn't find the salmon sushi or ebi sushi to have a whole lot of flavor, somewhat bland. I would dip them in a bit of soy with wasabi and those were the dominant flavors by far.. They were good but certainly didn't blow my mind. I also think the rice wasn't 100% proper, i have a feeling it was packed too densely or not cooked 100% right, from what I'd seen in pictures or tv shows before. These balls of rice were like someone squished the bejesus out of them in the palms of their hand

other dishes were the coconut shrimp (delicious), curried pumpkin soup (delicious), chicken wings (horrible), mango salad (fine), pineapple fried rice & bangkok pad thai (decent but already familiar with them from JJ Thai), green curry

overall there was good and bad with the place but i really think they are gouging by not offering refills and not offering desserts, the only way to come even close to eating your moneys worth is probably to only order the most expensive or exotic fish items.. my bill was way more than i was expecting it to be at the beginning of the night

Are those "Green Dragon" rolls unique to this place? I think there's probably much better value to be had at a smaller place, but that's just an impression I get as a novice

Will not be returning.  $100 bill for 2 people with no desserts and not even a measly free refill included?  Screw that.  Service sucked.  Waiter was rude.