I was so excited to finally try Eggslut. I live in Los Angeles and there is a location there as well that is close to my work. I have heard incredible things about it from people who I work with. Although, I never got a chance to try EggSlut in LA - I was definitely very excited to try it the next morning while me and my fiancé were staying at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas. We were looking to grab something on the go. We stopped at Va Bene (review below) for coffee and then we headed to Eggslut to brave the line for some to-go sandwiches. Every time I ever passed EggSlut, no matter if it was morning noon or late night, there was always a line wrapped around the place. Probably the reason I have never tried it. My fiancé and I strategically woke up early one Monday morning knowing that the weekend rush may have subsided, and to our satisfaction - we did not have to wait in line at all. We went right up to the register and ordered a sausage egg and cheese sandwich for me and bacon egg and cheese sandwich for my fiancé. I was trying to make small talk with the girl at the register, but she wasn't really having it. In her defense she did say that she had worked the overnight shift and that they are busiest overnight from the people getting out of the club next-door. We put in our order and had probably less than a five minute wait. The place was busy, but not so busy that we weren't able to get quick service. We took our sandwiches to go and headed upstairs to our balcony suite to enjoy them. Or so we thought. The expectations were so high about this place because I've heard about it for years and never tried it, plus the fact that we were both starving - I had to remind myself to lower my expectations in order to enjoy it. They were served in a cute little to-go box, (photographed below.) we were very much looking forward to taking a bite. My first bite, egg yolk splashed everywhere. I found it to be quite ironic because of the name. Also photographed below. To both of our dissatisfaction, our sandwiches were terrible. I know, that is probably not the direction you saw the story going. My sausage, was so hard - I could barely get my teeth through it. I took one bite and then tossed it to the side. The bread was delicious and the egg was cooked perfectly, but that sausage literally and figuratively put a bad taste in my mouth. Also, my fiancé does not like ketchup and there was ketchup all over his sandwich. In what world does a sandwich come with ketchup already on it? We were both disgusted and it killed our appetites for the entire day. That pissed me off because I really love Las Vegas dining and we were so excited to try this place. Pure dissatisfaction. If you have to satisfy the urge to try this place because of the hype, do go ahead but go on an off day so you don't have to wait in line. I think you would be more pissed off if you waited in a long line for that gross sandwich.