Just had such a ridiculously terrible experience here. Our waitress, Penny, extremely neglectful until the end of the meal when she paced back and forth in front of our table a record number of times compared to how scarcely we saw her while eating. 

First off, she took 2 other orders before ours even though we were sat before both those tables and were ready to order. Menus closed and everything. Next while taking our order she didn't write it down (which isn't a smart move in a restaurant with such a large menu) and got BOTH of our orders wrong. My friend asked for fruit, and was given hash browns. And I was not only missing avocado, but even though I emphasized to have my caramelized onions well down they came out almost raw.

She kept doing this extremely irritating thing where she would drop items and run away and not even give her paying customers an extra .3 seconds to ask her for something. When our wrong food arrived, once again, dropped and ran away. Waited almost 5 min for her to come back. She told my friend to just keep the hash browns while she just grabbed her fruit, and went to go have my omelet remade. I left my barely touched, incorrect omelet on the table edge with untouched potatoes (theres a difference between potatoes and hash browns here. They're two different sides) so finally my new omelet arrives, with no potatoes on the plate, yet she takes my incorrect plate, which had my potatoes, and doesn't come back with another side of potatoes for me.... potatoes that I paid for. So basically, I was served an omelet with no side and was forced to eat the cold, soggy hash browns that she didn't bother removing from the table when they came incorrectly with my friends meal. Nice.

Don't see her, doesn't check in till almost another 10 minutes even though I see her wandering around the restaurant. 
Which was crappy because my second omelet was gross. Yes, the onions were finally cooked, but the whole omelet was burnt and dark brown, plus THE ENTIRE THING WAS CHEESE AND TOPPINGS. I picked around it and basically left an uneaten, picked at scramble mess on my plate in front of me, obviously it was clear I didn't like it, and not a single inquiry from her as to why I barely touched my food. Every single thing about my friend and I was screaming that we were dissatisfied. From body language, to how our interactions with her changed throughout the meal, to the most obvious red flag which was that I barely ate anything. Then she leaves that mess in front of me till after she drops the check which took her 15 more minutes  (she did the classic run and drop without a word so we didn't even have the chance to complain). Aka I had these dirty plates in front of me till after we even payed. Which was when she was pacing back and forth in front of us straight up staring at us as we placed our money down. When she finally collected the plates she goes "you done?" Then grabs the dirty plates AND my drink that I payed $6 for that had almost half left in it, and runs away. Yes penny, I've been done with this terrible omelet for almost a half an hour, but no, I was NOT done with my barista beverage. At the end of the meal we purposefully sat, and I counted 7 times that she paced back and forth in front of our table staring at the checkbook which was in a place where she couldn't grab it. It's crazy how her presence improved once the money was involved. 

To top it off, there was a man sitting at the high top on a laptop, who I assume to be a manager or someone of authority because employees were discussing business with him. He was faced directly at our table, less than 10 feet away, and didn't once notice our dissatisfaction. Terrible. 

I paid $30 to sip half of a drink, eat 3 bites of cold, soggy hashbrowns, and to pick through a mountain of swish cheese and burnt, scarce egg.

My friend and I have both been in the restaurant industry for almost 7 years. This was by far the most expensive and dissatisfactory meal we've ever had the burden of paying for. Penny had so many opportunities too, that is the worst part of this situation. She could have taken it upon herself to read our body language, acknowledge that fact that I didn't touch my food, taken 2 extra seconds to actually SPEAK to her guests and we would have been back and tipped her well for her efforts.

Another ironic part of the situation is that this was my friends first time here, and we were scouting for a nice, slightly upscale restaurant to host/cater a baby shower brunch for about 30 people.
For 2 of us our bill was $50, imagine having a party of 30. You do the math. That's a lot of business you just lost.

But sorry BLD, there's no chance we're coming back here.