Appalling. Awful. Terrible. I'll think of some more descriptors as I go along. This was one of the worst dining experiences we've ever had. 
We arrived at about 6:15pm to try Landry' s on a recommendation by a friend, so I didn't check the Yelp reviews before we went in. Big mistake. 

There were only three other tables in the huge dining room that were occupied, and a large party in the back room that was pretty much done. Our server came over, and without a smile, asked what we wanted to drink. We checked out the menu, and the prices were fairly steep, so we thought it would be excellent. If I would've known that it was on par with a Red Lobster, we wouldn't have tried it. 

Anyway, he came back to take our order and had the air of a superior waiter at a 5 star restaurant.  Everything on the menu seemed to be stuffed, fried, etc., and I didn't see anything that looked good. My husband got the fish and chips, and I got a bowl of clam chowder with a side salad. The salad was pretty good. Our server seemed a little offended that we didn't order $30 entrees, but took our order anyway. 

The garlic bread that we got in lieu of an assorted bread basket was a cheap white roll with salty butter and garlic. My husband's fish was over breaded and was obviously frozen Sysco quality. I thought it tasted slightly rancid. Very substandard for almost $19. The fries were decent, but the onion straws were pasty. My clam chowder had a strange vinegary taste, and instead of serving traditional oyster crackers with it, it came with the cheapest saltines you can buy. I couldn't eat it and ended up sharing my husband's dinner. 

Our waiter refilled our water, and took off. Not once did he check back with us to see how we liked our meal, even though he passed by us a half dozen times and wouldn't make eye contact. When he finally came over when we were done, he asked me if I didn't like the chowder. I said no, that it was just a personal preference, that one of the spices was overwhelming, and my husband agreed. I the said it kind of tasted vinegary to me, and he replied in a truly superior tone: "I can assure you, there is no vinegar in the soup". I was shocked speechless at his tone, and even my husband was surprised. He was then very chummy to my husband, saying "hey, guy, you did a good job on those fish and chips". No offer of dessert, coffee, or anything. 

When he brought the check, he plopped it down in front of my husband and said " enjoy". VERY odd. I think he had pretensions of being a haute cuisine waiter on the Strip.  But here's the thing: he asked at the beginning if we were locals (which we are), and treated us as if we were McDonald's refugees. We always over tip for good service, because I used to be in the restaurant industry, but we didn't feel at all guilty in leaving him about 10%. 

I'm not sure which part of our visit left the worse taste in my mouth, the bad food or the horrendous service. Avoid this place like the plague.