This place has the most unacceptable service I've ever seen. I had made a reservation for a smoking room and they gave me a room in another, lesser tower called Venezia. After going in my room I found there was a horrid smell (at a hotel that charges premium prices) and asked to change rooms, even if it wasn't smoking. They told me they could not change the room that day but would do so the following day. I had to sleep in that room with a horrid mildew/vomit smell for that whole night. Another unacceptable thing was when I called the front desk they said there was nothing in the system that I had asked for a smoking room even though when I got my keys they said they had the request right there. 

The following day came and I called the front desk to assure of a room switch. They told me they had no more rooms and it was too bad, I had to stay in that room and they'd send someone up to clean it. They came in and cleaned the room and It still smelled. I called them again after finding the source was a certain spot on the carpet. They came up to clean it again and I pointed to the exact spot where the smell came from. Once they smelled it for themselves, they suddenly decided to be more helpful. They cleaned the spot specifically and the smell continued to stay. This suggested the smell was coming from mold, a health hazard.

My mom had to call them in order for them to even consider changing my room. Finally after nearly 2 days, they switched our rooms even though they had said they had previously said they had no available rooms. 

In review, I find that they
1. Will not help the customer if they're younger and will dismiss them as of lesser importance
2. Will not help the customer unless they are pointed out to a problem first hand that may indeed lead to legal issues
3. Had a disrespectful front desk person who's name is Alex. Seriously just told me "too bad so sad" about my room smelling like mold. 

This is ridiculous especially because they wouldn't comp anything, wouldn't switch rooms, it was literally just "too bad so sad". It's very unfortunate because my friends and I have Gold membership there and will certainly not be staying there in the future. I have made sure that all my friends who go to Vegas know as well to not stay at the Venetian. They have terrible service and will just brush you off as unimportant, especially if you're one of their younger customers.