After seeing my friend's food photos on Facebook, I was delighted to find out she was bringing me here for breakfast. Huge disappointment., and I wanted so much to like them.

They have an incredibly diverse menu using fresh local and organic ingredients, including $4.00 organic coffee. The blackboard specials looked interesting and were priced low., interesting stuff too. Eggs Bennie with smoked salmon and guyere, braised pork ribs with potatos fried in duck fat, Lobster something-couldn't read it, and bacon cinnamon buns.

At first our group had to sit at two separate tables, because the only available tables pushed together would cause a traffic flow issue. No problem. Birthday girl ordered a biscuit straight away, knowing it might take awhile to figure out what to order, and to wait for one other person. She spent the waiting time ranting about how awesome the biscuits were and how hungry she was.

As we imagined, ordering DID take awhile. So did finding another table to push together so we could all sit together. My friend and I ordered caesers, which took over 15 minutes to arrive, and still her biscuit had not shown up. And the caesers? Pure Tabasco sauce. I couldn't taste anything else. The waitress promised to look into it, apologizing because they were slammed. That may be true but...

AHEM. At the risk of sounding old and curmudgeonly, that's a crock. When I was YOUR age, your entire restaurant was the same size as my usual section. I did NOT have a bartender or a busperson. I did it by myself, and you and three other girls can't handle your little restaurant?! Really? Sorry...Hell hath no fury like a former waitress receiving bad service.

Birthday girl asked twice about her biscuit, but when our food began to arrive, she angrily told the server she didn't want it anymore. She wanted it 30 minutes ago to stave off her hunger.

I ordered the guyere and egg crepe with horseradish aioli. It was good. It would have been better had it not been cold, and if the potatos were fulled cooked. The horseradish aioli was gone in two bites. Could they spare it? vAnd the salmon wasn't fresh.

When the bill arrived, we requested separate bills. In retrospect, we probably should have made that clear at the beginning. She didn't separate the bills. She DID itemized it for us, you know, to make it easier for us to divvy up, and she remembered to add the 20% gratuity for a table of seven, lucky us. I was so mad, I probably tipped her more than necessary, just so I didn't have to do the math.

Not impressed. I don't mind added gratuities for big tables. I've had monster tables that run a person ragged and leave crappy tips, so I know why it's done. But if I have to pay it, it had better be good service. The wait time wasn't worth it for me. I don't think I'll come back.