If you ever find yourself stuck at the B Concourse at McCarrens, well then...I'm sorry. Saying that the dining options there are limited is an understatement. I had a layover in Vegas on a flight from Chicago to SF and was actually excited that my flight was taking off through the B Concourse, having previously exhausted all of the choices at the C Concourse. That excitement turned to disappointment when I found that there were only really two places to eat at the B end. I opted for 360 Gourmet, a burrito place that seemed to have limitless custom options.

I was pretty hungry, so I ordered the burrito bowl with sautéed shrimp. Feeling particularly daring, I opted to "Jazz it up" Thai style, which cost more but promised carrots, jasmine rice, and peanut dressing. That should be good, right? I also ordered chips and salsa. No drink. It was close to $17.

I was impressed that the food is actually prepared fresh right there on a series of burners. I was cautiously optimistic. But when I got my food things changed. First of all, the bowl was very small. Now I recognize that as a culture we tend to overindulge when in comes to cheap food by consuming oversized portions of food, but this was ridiculous, especially considering the cost. I took the bowl back to my ledge (they don't have tables or chairs) then realized that I had not yet received my chips, so I went back to the counter.

"Can I please get my chips?" The woman at the counter looked at my quizzically.

"Oh," she replied. "I didn't know you wanted chips. I didn't hear you, so I didn't charge you."

I went back to my ledge and came back with the receipt that clearly showed that she had both ordered and charged me for chips. Without saying a word, she went to the back and dumped a handful of chips in a paper bag.

Ok, now on to the shrimp bowl. It was bland and tasteless. But wait, what about the peanut sauce? And the carrots? I looked the bowl over closely and went back to the counter.

"Is this Thai style?" I asked.

"Yes."

"Where's the peanut sauce? And the carrots?"

"It's in there." Well she could've told me that she also threw in some lobster because there was as much lobster in my bowl as there was peanut sauce. So either she lied, she didn't know any better, or their food is so bad that the sauce is entirely unrecognizable.

Either way, I couldn't finish the bowl, despite its small size. It just wasn't worth eating.

This review may seem a bit on the harsh side, but seriously - if you find yourself at the B gates, then walk over to the C gates. The food options aren't great but they are miles ahead of this slop they try to pass of at 360 Gourmet. If you don't have time then go to the Einsteins across the way and buy a prepackaged chicken wrap. You'll be happy you did...

Needless to say, I will not be back. I'm half guessing that this place will be out of business within the year anyway.