Overall a disappointing experience.  The restaurant is very trendy looking.  It seems like it should be in LA.  The menu is filled with intriguing options and interesting choices for those who like to not eat a boring breakfast.  The meal started out with rancid "fresh" pressed apple juice for my son...obviously not so fresh.  A second stab at it returned another slightly less rancid tasting juice.  At that time I just said forget about it.  My wife and I had bloody marys, described to us as the best you'll have.  They came with a piece of chocolate covered bacon and a useless skewered garnish of 1/2" thick green and red bell pepper rounds and 1 green olive.  No matter how much I stirred I couldn't get any flavor out of the bloody mary, I even added more salt and it was tough to get "the best bloddy mary ever" out of it.  My wife only took about 3 sips.  We ordered our breakfast.  To my surprise the waitress came back a third time and brought me apple juice that was not rancid and was quite delicious.  The savory food was overwhelmingly underseasoned with the exception of the prociutto benedict, which was so salty it was difficult to stomach.  I had the crab dip omlete and again, no flavor, the cheese was only in the the very very center and not throughout the omlete.  We added a cheesecake pumpkin pancake and it was OK.  The pancake was moist and yummy, the sauce could have been a little richer (It tasted like a loose cream cheese frosting).  Finally the banana nutella crepe was very good, but it would be extremely difficult to mess that up.  The waitress was attentive to our needs until the end when we needed to pay, then she couldn't be found.  Our card was sitting in the checkbook, upright, for 10 minutes.  The prices are very high for a breakfast establishment.  The tasteless bloody mary will set you back $10, because you are paying for chocolate bacon and bell pepper that do not compliment a bloody mary.  The icing on the cake for me was being charged $5.50 for the apple juice after being served not one, but two rancid apple juices.  I've been in food and beverage nearly my whole life and I would never charge a guest after screwing something up twice.  I'm not saying that they may not shine, but for the price I would expect nothing short of spectacular and that is not what my family received on August 29, 2015.