Unbelievably terrible!!!  Went last night with a friend, have been a regular customer at both this location & mostly Yonge & Eglinton for DECADES.
We sat at the bar as there was going to be a very long wait for a table & OMG, a series of the worst service issues ensued.  We ordered from a special menu offered, My friend ordered steak Medium Rare, I ordered the Chicken with Apple Chutney.  First my friends meal came by itself, it was Well Done instead of Medium Rare, we sent it back.  15 mins later my chicken showed up cold & dry.  I sent it back after I tried a couple bites, my friends steak came finally by itself done properly but it was not hot, & smaller portion on a smaller plate, he ate it anyway as he was starving.  My chicken came back nuked as you could see the bites I had taken from the vegetables & cauliflower mashed.  Started to eat the chicken & OMG!!!  Started pulling a long piece of straight brown hair out of my mouth!!!!!!!!!  Wtf???????   My friend started laughing & I stated that this was impossible, they probably put it there on purpose for sending everything back!!  My friend said no they would never do that on purpose but REALLY???  I told our bartender/server that I was REALLY not trying to be a pain but I just cannot eat something that had a long hair in it & made sure to show her that it was not my hair cause mine is black & wavy.  She said she would take it off the bill.  She asked if I wanted to order something else & seriously I was not about to try anything else, totally turned off.  We were surprised that the Manager was not sent by this point to apologize for the terrible & gross service, what the hell?  While I waited for my friend to finish their meal my head was suddenly hit from behind, a servers tray had bumped into my head!  Wow!  I finally got the bill & made sure to tip the server 20% of what the bill would have been if my meal had been included on the bill so it was $56.00 but I tipped $15.00 so that the server knew we were not blaming her.  When we went to leave I asked to speak to the Manager, She told me since I had already paid & was on my way out there was "Nothing I can do"...I told her I was a regular & would NEVER be back again.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!