A group of us went last night, the lights were dimmed so low it was impossible to see the menu, we asked twice to turn the lights up and the waiter said the manager yelled at him when he tried to turn them up - so the waiter had to bring out several candles in order for us to read the menu.  

The prices were reasonable, the noise was loud, the seating was nice but the main thing was they were out of certain items on the menu - they ran out of calamari and ricotta cheese.  I have never been to any Italian restaurant which ran out of ricotta cheese and since about 1/4 of the menu had items with ricotta they were not available to order.  Also the kitchen closes down even if their are people in the restaurant ordering food so that too limited the food we could order.  

When ordering the Italian Sausage be advised the sausage is hot not mild so it is spicy which should be on the menu but was not, also when ordering hot tea be advised they do not have teapots nor do they bring a saucer for the tea cup so the waiter had to keep bringing cups of hot water out for us since there were no teapots.

  Reasonable Prices, Some really good food while other food was just plain not good, The desserts - the cannolis which are real easy to make were very good and the tiramusi was good as well.  Their bread and rolls are home made but when they bring them out they are stone cold and taste awful so ask for hot bread and you will need to ask for it as the waiter will not casually bring it.  Also the wait staff does not bring out table spoons so we can roll our pasta and everything took so long the waiter just waited on us no personality, it took forever for he to come back and check on us and we were the only people in the restaurant so the service needs help

We went back the following Thursday to see maybe they were having a bad night or something nope it was the same - they were out of two more ingredients this time - hot green tea and cavelli pasta plus we had to send out pizza which was awful back and the cannolis which were good the first visit were sent back this visit as they left out a key ingredient from the cream.  This place is hit and miss and the food is below average.  the appetizers are good esp the dates and the brie cheese otherwise not much else.