Our family decided to try Dragon Palace this evening for dinner. Having grown up in downstate New York exposed to NY American Chinese, and living in Singapore for 4 years, we are definitely particular and picky when it comes to establishments that attempt to pass themselves off as authentic Chinese. Dragon Palace is neither authentic nor quality Chinese food.

Let's start with the positives. The food was hot, and the pre-packaged fortune cookies and almond cookies were fresh and delicious. This is pretty much all I can say positive about Dragon Palace.

One of my favorite Chinese food dishes to order is Egg Foo Young, so I had to try their Pork Egg Foo Young. After my first bite, I was convinced there was no egg used in this dish. It tasted like a bland dry floury pancake--awful. They did not use the usual thick savory brown sauce that normally accompanies Egg Foo Young, and they did not add the pork into the omelet. Instead, the overcooked grey slithers of pork were piled on top of the omelet and there was literally no sauce other than a greasy oil slick that drenched this bland dish. Egg Foo Young is an egg omelet patty, and the chefs at Dragon Palace managed to ruin an egg omelet. 

We had Cashew Shrimp--another family favorite, but Dragon Palace managed to ruin that experience. The sauce was over powered in flavor by the generous use of green peppers, but that was the least of this dishes problem. The chef used two different sized shrimp, but even worse, the shrimp was not even cleaned! The shrimp still retained their gritty sand vein --otherwise known as the "poop chute"--gross! This is a definite indication that Dragon Palace does not use any quality assurance in their food standard practices. 

The Shrimp Lo Mein and Peking Lo Mein was flavorless as was the fried rice. The meat used in both the Peking Lo Mein and Fried Rice was chewy, and it left us unsure of what type of meat it was--very off putting texture. In addition, the shrimp used in these dishes were not cleaned properly.

A big winner dish for us is always General Tso Chicken--just not at Dragon Palace. The batter coating on each morsel of chicken was soggy and not adhering to the chicken at all. The chef did not use the slightly spicy sauce that is normally used with this dish. It looked like they had just poured heaps of their red sweet and sour sauce on top of the chicken and added a few red chili peppers. We asked for it to be mild spicy, but there was not even a hint of heat in this dish.

We will never order from Dragon Palace again. It is overpriced poor quality bland food that is far from authentic Chinese or even authentic American Chinese food, and not cleaning the shrimp is a deal breaker for us--who knows what other poor standards are being practiced in this establishment.