I came to this Baja Fresh during a Thursday evening.

Atmosphere: Nothing special
Upon entering this establishment, it was almost empty. There was music in the background, and the place was pretty clean. The workers didn't seem to be doing much because of the lack of patrons present.

Service: Again, nothing special
I gave my order to the cashier and she gave me a receipt. She asked me what kind of beans I wanted in my burrito, I told her black, no complication there at all. No smile, nothing out of the ordinary that made it spectacular nor horrible.

Food: Bad Food, Bad Sanitation practices
This is where my visit takes a turn for the worst. I haven't been to Baja Fresh in a few years, so I was thinking that this visit would remind me of when I liked them. The salsa was pretty good, to be honest. However, when I got my nacho burrito, I failed to tasted anything nacho-like. I looked into the burrito and notices little tortilla crisps, but because of the moisture of all the other ingredients inside the burrito, they had lost their crunch. There was also a lack of cheese flavor; you know, the cheese flavor that you would taste when you have nachos. What really ruined it was knowing that almost half of the burrito consisted of beans. It was as if they added extra beans behind my back. Not once in my order did I mention beans other than when I was asked what type of beans I wanted. I know about food costing and "dragging out" food so that the other ingredients last longer, but this was RIDICULOUS.

Oh yeah, and while I was eating, one of the workers coughed and failed to wash their hands afterwards. How gross is that? If I go to a restaurant and a worker coughs in the open while preparing food I'm never coming back to that branch again. Yes, it was indeed "cold season" when I visited, but if you're sick, STAY HOME. 

Overall: Don't even think about coming here
This is one of my few Yelp reviews where I type in caps, but I think it's necessary to emphasize my points and feelings. The only positive thing I can say about this place would be that it was clean and presentable to the public. Unfortunately, their lack of sanitation practices and willingness to fill my burrito halfway with beans ruined my perception of Baja Fresh's reputation. I'm never coming back, and you shouldn't either.