I knew this place had poor reviews before Yelp was even around but was in the area in search of food. I improvised and went to one of the first places nearby.

I ordered a combo that was 2 pieces of fish, 7 shrimp, fries and a drink.  Came out to just under $10.  For price comparison, the same thing at Long John Silver would be $5-6.

The shrimp were flat out awful.  They butterfly the shrimp to make it look bigger and then overload it with heavy batter before frying it.  I removed one of the shrimp from the breading and noticed it was probably 10 times smaller than the amount of batter used.  They use realllllly small shrimp, like 50-100 ct used in cheap shrimp cocktail platters at the grocery store.  

The fries are below average.  If you are going to have "chips" in your name, you need to have some of the best fries around.  They do not.  

 Their fish was okay because it wasn't overly greasy but again their breading is so thick and heavy it ruins it.  Fried fish should have a light batter.  In fact, nothing should ever be fried in the batter they use.  To top it off, their fish is served in the most natural of shapes.... a square.  If I want awkward looking fish, I'll head to the frozen section and get some fish sticks.
  
I saved the worst for part of the meal for last.  Their signature sauce.  That stuff was awful.  It tasted like it was 50% water and 45% ketchup and 5% vinegar.  They don't give you any tartar sauce, no malt vinegar and nickel and dime you for sauces on the menu.  I figured some other staples for this type of meal would be included but I was wrong.  I didn't even get to drown the bad food in a decent sauce, it was just more mediocrity.  

On to the most obvious quirk about the place, cash only.  If you are a cash only joint I assume you are trying to save the fees associated with accepting them and keeping your prices down.  Then why is the food so expensive?  It certainly isn't high quality.  It certainly isn't any good.  

Bad fish + bad shrimp + bad sauce + bad fries = 1 star.