Today my friend and I decided to have brunch at u.s egg, but I figured I would try and find something better on yelp. Being close to his home I saw the reviews for yoli's and decided to check things out. Upon arrival, we noticed several empty tables on the patio, and many inside, we decided the patio would be nice. We were seated by the hostess and ordered coffee which was served quickly. Our creamer was a little low so my friend actually went to an empty table and got more. Upon his return another couple had entered and was seated at that table where he had taken the creamer.. We snickered when we overheard that table ask for more creamer when they ordered their coffee but went along deciding what to order. 5 minutes go by and the waitress took that same tables orders before us. Ok, no biggie, but then she never returned to take ours. Another 10-15 minutes goes by and we start talking about how when we finish our coffee we should just leave. Well, that time came, and as we started to shift out of our chairs, the waitress rounded the corner and asked if we were ready to order. By then, I forgot what I was having and my friend had stated we were just going to leave but requested the manager. We went back inside and the waitress said, "please wait, the manager is helping the cook with these orders." now mind you, the place at that time only had 3 tables with customers. One had already been served. We stated we have waited way too long to wait around for the manager/owner, and walked out. Upon our exit from the door, the rude waitress was snickering to the host, "good, we don't need your kind of people here"... We both heard it, did a 180 and confronted the statement. "what was that supposed to mean?" about this time the owner stepped out because the commotion had filled the empty dining space."how long have you been waiting" she stated, as if she's ran into this scenario before. We stated 15 minutes minimizing the time that we really had spent. The owner was about to comp our meal but the aggressive rude waitress was spouting that we were not skipped in service and we had just been seated. In which we pointed out we have had time to finish our coffee in the time we've waited. When owner asked the hostess who was seated first, she agreed with the waitress. Which we even stated we took the creamer off the empty table that was ordered before us. No use in arguing any further we left. Our presence was known at least by the other customers eating outside. I never in my life had been treated like a 2nd class citizen. Did I mention, we're both gay... So the comment "we don't need your kind of people here" really takes it to a whole new level.