Um, is this place a joke?

I really don't understand how this place has so many good reviews.  I came here because it seemed popular, and had a pretty good rating on Yelp.... but I really don't understand how... maybe all the ASU kids are impressed by the modern interior design?  Maybe they're sick of their meal plan food?  Or maybe people are just hungover and any breakfast food tastes good...

Anyways...

-The service was awful.  
Not one single person had a personality or even a glimpse of a smile.  There was about 20 people "working"... but doing absolutely nothing.  Workers were just aimlessly wandering around the dining room, standing behind the counter in a daze, or fist bumping their friends talking about how wasted they got the previous night (no joke).

-The place was a mess.
There was food and garbage ALL over the ground.  The drink station countertop was a sticky disgusting mess... spills, lemon seeds, used napkins allll over it.  The place was pretty busy, but any empty table was still covered in the previous customer's dishes and food mess.  (Which I didn't understand since there were 3 workers wandering around the dining room at all times).  I had to flag down a dazed employee and ask them to clear a table off for me.  And of course he just wiped even more food onto the already disgusting floor.  Seriously, food ALL over the floor.  Gross.

-The food took forever and was cold.
We waited about 25 minutes for a super simple order of food.  I got the Farmer's Market.  The whole entree was cold.  And NOBODY likes cold soggy potatoes.  It was supposed to have avocado on it, but it had one mere sliver.  My boyfriend's food was also cold, and he didn't eat it.  We would have said something to someone... about a refund or getting at least warm-ish food instead, but everyone was too busy wandering around in a zombie daze, and at that point, I just wanted to get the hell out of that disgusting place.

And there was awful music playing... like music that plays really loud in a club.  Like loud Britney Spears and hip-hop.  It was just weird.  

I would never come back here, and would advise anyone (unless you like cold food, disgusting places, and awful service) to try another place for breakfast/lunch instead.

Ew.