I had such a horrible experience here I would never, never recommend this bakery to anyone. It seems as though my unfortunate timing of requesting a gender reveal cake for my baby shower coincided with the bakery attending Life Is Beautiful to hock their confectioneries to concert goers. I emailed and was at first told there would be no issue making my cake, but then after multiple not returned emails and phone calls I started to get weary. However, someone there did get back to me and assured me my cake would be ready for Sunday pick up at 1 pm. Since I was already a week out from my baby shower I figured this was my only choice now since I wanted a custom cake, and most bakeries want at least a two week window to complete such a project.

I sent them my invitation that I had sent out to all my guests. It was a lovely invite done by a friend, it was very cute and professional. I simply asked they recreate the theme of the invitation on the cake, and they could do so however they wanted. The main feature of the invite was a horse wearing a cowboy hat. No such creature even made it on to my cake. I told them I did not want any writing on the cake, and they achieved that much, but the cake was boring and sad, and did not represent my invitation at all.  (See pictures for comparison)

Seems to me like they needed a lot of direction on how to make the cake, which is odd considering they're touted as such a great bakery. You would think they could recreate something given a visual representation. I'm not a baker, nor am I a cake artist, but it can't be that hard. *shrugs*

On top of the fact that my cake was plain Jane and boring as hell, it didn't taste all that great either. The cake inside was crumbly and not moist. The filling inside meant to represent a GIRL was the lightest pink one could imagine -- really, some people at the party were like, uuhhh is it pink or white? when I cut into it to do the "reveal" of the gender.

Bad cake, bad customer service, no artistic ability. Also, when I arrived with a friend to the store on Sunday a little before 1 PM, there was no one there. We rang the doorbell, knocked on the doors, and looked inside. I called the bakery only to have it ring and go to voicemail. I also emailed them (which they never returned the email, btw). I was at my wit's end. I had a baby shower to get to (MY OWN!), so my friend and I left, but in a last ditch moment of anxiety I returned to the bakery to see an SUV now parked out front. I went to the door and was able to open it and find someone there to give me my cake. It came to me in a brown UPS looking box, not a nice cake box one would expect when paying over $100 for a cake. I had half a mind to tell them I wasn't going to take it, but I had no time. I paid and left.

This was just a really bad experience and has turned me off of the whole "custom cake" game. I can bake my own cakes for my special occasions from here on out.