Used to be one of my favorite hotels in Vegas, but unfortunately this time it's been a huge disappointment and we won't be coming back to this place again.
I tried to book 2 suites online; chose the slightly more expensive "view" rooms, but the website wouldn't submit the last step and hence I called the hotel to make the reservation. The guy I spoke to asked what rate I was getting online and I told him, and he said "yes, I get the same rate here, let me go ahead and book the rooms for you". So we arrive here, and the view is a stone wall (will post pics in am). The front desk says: no you booked a regular room, and we've actually upgraded you to a room with patio. Me: there are at least 3 cockroaches staring at me from the patio as we speak! (Pics to come in the morning) Front desk: no problem, I'll send housekeeping. Almost an hour later housekeeping knocks on the door: where are the bugs? Me: in the patio. Housekeeping: oh we don't clean the patio, just don't open the door and you should be fine!!!! 
A hour later, 1.30 am, I've just managed to put the one year old to sleep, the phone rings; me: hello?
Front desk: hi, I was just notified that you had problems with cockroaches in the patio?
Me: we still do. Front desk: we can move you to a different room, but not until tomorrow. Me: you called me at 1.30 am to tell me you can't do anything about the problem tonight but will be able to move me to a different room in the morning? Front desk: yes. Me: thank you, now let me go try to put the baby back to sleep. It's been a wonderful stay so far. 

Let me just add that the second suite we had booked is on the opposite side of the hotel, so much for reserving rooms in advance!

We're celebrating our anniversary and my birthday, and we'd been much better off staying at home. 
The very overcharged plate of berries and bottle of "champagne" that I had requested at the time of reservation and asked to have in the room when we arrived, was brought up about an hour after we got to the rooms. But that time we were so tired and disappointed by the incredible poor customer service that neither of us felt like celebrating, everything's still sitting on the table!