I rarely give 1-star reviews, but after our experience at Someone Else's Bar last night, I honestly couldn't bring myself to bump it up to 2.

We decided to stop here as we were looking for a quick dinner prior to heading to Hundred Acres Manor on a Saturday evening.  We figured, good ratings, bar food, it couldn't take more than 1-1.5 hours...  wrong.

When we walked into the bar, we weren't sure what to think.  Without any waiting space, we were smashed up against the bar and waiting to figure out who was going to greet us at the "Please wait to be seated sign".  The bar/restaurant seemed busy (which we figured was a good sign) and we were eventually greeted by a server/hostess/manager that couldn't really give us an estimated wait time nor next steps.  After some confusion, she suggested we go wait outside on the back patio with a few beers, which we complied.

After about a half-hour of freezing outside (a separate family and us had fun joking about it being 55F and being asked to wait outside with no heaters) we were asked to come in and given a table by the bar.

To cut a long story short...  the service was horrible.  Granted, our server said it was only her third day, but was it really necessary to have to retake our drink orders three times?

We ordered what I thought would be quick fix food.  Two quesadillas and two fish sandwiches.  After about an hour wait, we pressed our server for our food and were told it was being placed "in the window."  Half an hour later and another follow-up, we finally had our food.

Now...  had the restaurant still been busting at the seams, I would of had more sympathy.  But at this point, the restaurant was half-full and quite tepid to be honest.  While the quesadillas were good, my fish sandwich lacked any flavor and the sweet potato fries were greasy, mushy and bland.

When I asked to see the manager...  the hostess that originally greeted us came over and gave us nothing but attitude when we complained about the service, food time and being mislead about it "being in the window".  She mentioned that "she was going to comp us a round of drinks but never got around to it" and that she couldn't help that she had to be back in the kitchen.

With a little more prose and sympathy, I think I would of been willing to rate this higher and give it another shot on another date...  but that was the final stake in this Halloween terror.