this was a decent hotel at first when i decided to stay here. it is good when you do not need any assistance and keep to yourself. if though, you need some sort of help in this hotel, dont even bother, they will not only not give you assistance but will hold you hostage! i had a living nightmare here! i just got back from a nighttime pool party and lost my purse with everything in it. i left the club in my bathing suit with no money, no id, no cell phone, no clothes, and no hotel key. the club gave me a towel to wrap around me to walk back to my room at the venetian which i appreciated but they were not affiliated with venetian at all. so i proceed to walk a good half a mile back to the hotel, arriving exhausted enough. after walking through the hotel, i walked up to the bar to ask for some water to quench my thirst. the bartender proceeds to ask me for my id. i kindly tell him that i just came from a club where i lost everything. i was clearly exhausted sweating and red in the face. he told me he cannot serve me unless i show him my id. WTF i am just asking for water! i was shocked, i walked up to a different bar, same thing. so i then think fuck it, i can get some in my hotel room. when i get to the elevators, the security guy tells me i must show him my hotel key to get inside. i told him i lost everything and am just trying to get to my hotel room. he wouldnt let me up and told me to wait while he called security to escort me up. bare in mind it was about 4am by this point. security comes and i explain i could show him my school id and wallet with my credit card, both with my face on it if he insisted i show him proof. my friends were back in their hotel already and i could easily knock on the door for them to open it because they happened to be sick that night and couldnt go out with us. security said that couldnt happen and asked my friends information so i gave it to them. i had to wait a good 30-45 minutes, for them to come back. i was freezing from the ac blasting so hard that i asked for a towel or blanket, they gave me nothing. i had to sit on the ground freezing. is that any way to treat a hotel guest. my night was already bad, and they proceeded to stomp on my while i was down. after what felt like 2 hours, they arrived and said to follow them upstairs. they knocked on my door and my friend opened the door and asked if they knew me. they said yes and security still proceeded to ask for my id and proof i was staying there. i find this whole situation ridiculous and completely over bearing. their priorities are completely misplaced and they treated me like i was scum. i cannot believe the nerve of this hotel and am literally fearing the day i have to deal with this hotel again!