Before I even start this review, 5 GUYS, BROWN BAG BURGER, OR EVEN MCDONALD'S IS BETTER THEN BEARDEN'S!

SIDE NOTE: MY PICTURES MAKE THIS PLACE LOOK WAAAAAY BETTER THEN IT REALLY IS! I WAS SO EXCITED AS SOON AS I SAW MY FOOD, THEN THE FIRST BITE, ALL DOWNHILL FROM THERE! LOOKS GOOD, TASTES BAD!


Okay, it's time for an honest review of this place. I'm really puzzled by the 4 and 5 star reviews this place has.  Lets start with walking in the door, shall we? Your expected to know that you grab a menu off the left hand wall (as soon as you walk undecided what you want and place your order 20 feet ahead. I grabbed a menu, and of course had to ask what next? There's no signs posted or anything explaining this strange process.  My first impression since the place is full of tables and booths was, sit and order. Anyway, we sat down, decided what we wanted, walked back up to the register, placed the order, got our drinks, sat back down and waited. The girl at the register was less then helpful. Since it was my first time at Bearden's, I had no clue what any of their sauces were and god forbid I ask!

 Our order consisted of a triple burger with bacon, mushroom, onion, American cheese, egg and mayo, a double burger with the same toppings, except they forgot the egg. For our sides we tried the onion rings and regular fries, not the skinny ones. He had a PB milk shake and I hate a fountain drink. $30 later, I could have cried over how horrible it was. I'm not just saying it was horrible because I'm a food snob and can't handle a greasy burger, I have been known to eat White Castle on occasion! My burger was 100% tasteless, no joke. I tasted nothing that resembled a burger or any of the toppings I ordered. I know it sounds weird, but honest, it had no taste. The fries were the best part of the meal and those were just OK. Onion rings, blah! Super thick breading with no taste other then beer batter. If you blind folded me I'd have no idea there was onion in it. The milkshake was nothing fantastic and I could have made it at home, probably would have tasted better. Fountain pop was, whatever it's fountain pop. While we were eating my bf asked "what do you think?" I said "I honestly can't even tell you, it doesn't taste like anything" So how can something that tastes like nothing be horrible, right? Well, if your in the mood for grease all over your face, hands, clothes and anything else around you then you'd love Bearden's. If you like thick battered onion rings with no onion flavor, you'd love Bearden's. If you like a burger with no flavor and don't mind spending $30, then you'd love Bearden's. I was super bummed after finishing less then 1/2 of my overpriced meal. I really wanted this place to be good, considering I spent an hour reading reviews. 

As far as the decor, boring! I guess the train is neat, but I wouldn't go there just to watch a train go around a ceiling. There's absolutely nothing for kids to do, except watch a train, and if you have little girls like I do, then forget about them being amused by a train.  I'm not sure what everyone thinks is so "neat" about this place? It's pretty boring, I think. 

So at the end of the Bearden's adventure, I wasted $30 and ended up throwing 1/2 of the food away. If your in the mood for tasteless burgers, go for it! Don't say I didn't warn you!!!!