Came in from my gf searching Yelp reviews to give this place a try and right off the bat im hesitant the floors of this place are filthy not like I'm picky dirty but like my garage floor is cleaner. Already a bad first impression then the table next to ours is pretty dirty and this place is not busy at all. Even worse then all of this is some staff member was behind the bar with a dog in her hands and went back and forth between there and a bar stool and handed the dog to our server and then our server played with it and handed it back and then brought us the gravy we asked to try without a single pause to wash hands. Scarier. Then the girl with the dog goes back to work in the kitchen preparing food and the dog has completely disappeared. No way to know if she washed her hands either since it seems to be pretty lax here. Very unprofessional not to mention unsanitary who's in charge here letting this happen? 
So now to the food. Belgian Waffle. Add bacon $2 for three pieces of bacon. Tf? Waffle was whatever. 
The four burger sliders were pretty good. 
The beachcomber was bland with very spicy salsa to make up for it. 
And the lava run or something along those lines shake i ordered our server completely forgot about and then when she said "oh did you still want that" about 10 minutes after we got our food. I said yes she makes me a pina colada icy sort of strawberry thing which yes was good but the drink I ordered was a strawberry banana with vanilla ice cream shake... 
Now during this whole process hand washing is very questionable and I don't even think it even happened at all to be honest. During majority of our visit we were the only ones there except for the dog lady who looked like she worked there too. Our server was terrible. I would probably get better service from someone if I walked into their own house slapped them in the face and told them to make me a sandwich. The worst service I've ever had never looked us on the eye or made any sort of conversation or greeting or anything and when she took our menus after we ordered she literally just threw them on the table next to us and left them there. One of our roll ups also literally looked like it had a booger on it so we asked for another. 
Bottom line is this place is really only for those who are brave and adventurous and going LOOKING for a bad experience. If you came in with that mindset it would probably be amusing. I would go there just to see the worst restaurant you've ever seen in your life it's extremely dirty and questionable with terrible manager presence and customer service.
The worst part is that the food is really cheap and I would love to explore the menu but wouldn't come back ever. 
Jokes aside avoid this place at all costs absolutely horrid sanitation and health code violations literally everywhere and no one seems to know its a massive violation or no that it just makes the establishment look horrible