This place is absolutely terrible! I don't even know where to start. The only pro in my eyes is that it's byob, however that aspect of it was promptly ruined for us as well.

To start, we walked right into what was the main dining room with no hostess stand and no hostess. We weren't even sure if we came in the correct entrance because of this fact. Finally after standing there confused for about five solid minutes, a waiter came up and acknowledged us and said someone would be right there. About three minutes later we were finally sat..Sat at an awkward table that was basically in the middle of a walkway and we felt like we were in the way of everyone walking through.

We sat there for 10 minutes without any sign of a waitress. Meanwhile we brought our own chilled wine and it was getting warmer as we sat there and waited for someone to come over, open it and acknowledge us. By time our waitress appeared we had already had time to look over the menu three times and were ready to order. She came over, opened our wine and ran away before we could even let her know we were ready to order. She comes back 20 MINUTES LATER. No exaggeration. She flat out says she forgot about us and laughs it off. Also our wine continued to get warmer because she did not bring us a chilled ice bucket for it, that every other table had except for ours. After I asked for it, we eventually got it.

Finally the food comes out and it's nothing spectacular. My friend got a regular tomato sauce dish and the taste of hers was nothing greater than a jar of ragu in my opinion. I got the tortellini dish with crab and shrimp, well the veryyyy few pieces they included. It basically was just tortellini with two pieces of shrimp mixed in, in the spiciest sauce that wasn't even enjoyable. And to top it off, we never received a refill on our water the entire time we were there.

In effort to make up for "forgetting about us" our waitress brought out a cannoli for the two of us to share at the end. That was the only good thing about this whole experience, but I could have forgone the cannoli for some actual legitimate service. She also brought one to another table, by surprise it seemed, so I wonder if she just neglects all her tables and uses that end trick? Who knows. 

Overall this place was awful. It also was so loud we could barely hear each other talk. Stay away. You can find better food and certainly better service almost anywhere else!