WOW!! Working near Gandolpho's I was a fan a couple years ago. The last 3 times I have visited this place has gone from great....straight to okay...now to would not recommend!! 2 years ago when I wrote the review they were open for dinner hours....now they close at 4pm and closed weekend! The new owners/management had taken it straight to the toilet!! The food portions are half the size on the subs....the management is HORRIBLE...and the customer service dropped to RUDE! I got a sub a couple weeks ago and the person who took my order was very negative....not happy about having to write down my requests to delete tomato/onion and was clearly upset I was there at 345pm and they closed at 4! I figured it was near closing and they were cleaning up...due to they had already wrapped the salads in the display and had all the meats/etc out on counter wrapping them.... soooo.... decided to give it another chance Monday at 11:30 lunch time!
    It was the WORST experience EVER!! The older man (who I assume is owner/manager) was SOOO RUDE I was amazed! Not just to me, but to the man who ordered before me and even the poor young girls and guy who were making sandwiches!! He was too busy unpacking a box when the gentleman ordered in front of me to help him.... he came over with big attitude and tried to work the register and YELLED at the poor girl in the back to get out there NOW!! She came out with a scared look on her face and he pointed to help make sandwiches. Then he hollered at the older woman there to get to counter and take my order.... he got on the phone (right on counter) and was very rude to caller too! When I asked for just what I wanted on sandwich he corrected me and told me "What do you NOT want on your sandwich!) I was caught off guard and redid my order without the 5 things I didn't want (coz I only wanted the meat/cheese and lettuce) and she proceeded to write them down. He actually ROLLED his eyes and went back to unpacking his box!! I was just AMAZED how horrible the service was, the tables were dirty, and after all that they STILL PUT ONION on my sandwich!! 
    The potato salad is STILL good but I will never go in there again with a competing sandwich shop two doors down! I work for a HUGE call center around the corner and my bestie works for a HUGE call center right behind there and both of us posted notices on the "do not visit this business" reviews on our co-workers boards.. that is how bad it is! No wonder they now close at 4pm....it was a HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE and I gave it three strikes before it is now OUT of my choices of lunch! :)