The single worst pizza I've ever had in my life!  (See photos).  It was impossible to eat, and I can't believe a restaurant would serve what they did.  Seriously, when this place is closed soon, I will not be surprised.

The first warning sign:  There were only 4 customers in the entire restaurant when we walked in.  There were 11 people behind the counter working.  It was weird... they were all kind of just standing around, and a few of them were just watching others work.  Restaurants that aren't busy (and are empty) are usually like that for a reason.  We soon learned why.

The pizza I ordered was a pepperoni, olive & pineapple.  The woman making it was nice, but I have to admit the pizza didn't even look all that great when it was being made.  She used very few ingredients, it seemed.  For roughly $15 for a personal size pizza, it seemed average at best while it was being made.

I got to the cash register to pay, and a new cashier was being trained that day.  It took quite a bit longer than I expected.  As I looked around, I'm thinking now that maybe even the cooks and prep people were being trained as well.  There were what appeared to be a few managers just standing around watching them like a hawk.  It was odd.  Three months into a new restaurant, I would've expected things to be running smoother.

The pizza arrived.  The edges were black on the crust and I like them that way.  However, a closer glance revealed that the entire interior of the pizza was either undercooked or uncooked.  Picking up the first slice, it was clear that the thing was a complete mess.  The entire pizza toppings slid off, including cheese and everything.  I was left holding a wet piece of literally uncooked dough with some tomato sauce.  It was a rubbery mess and the entire middle of the pizza was drowned in wetness and was more of a soup than a pizza!  The whole thing was gooey, wet and runny.  The crust was so thin and undone that it was a drooping disaster.  Each slice was like that:  watery, dripping, and unable to even stand up like a normal pizza slice.  

It was inedible.  Before I left, I scooped some of the soup-like toppings on a fork, and it didn't even taste good.  The crust had no flavor at all.  I will never be back, and would implore anyone reading this to think twice about ever stepping foot in this place.  There's a reason it ended up on one of the lower-end Vegas properties like Monte Carlo rather than someplace like the Cosmopolitan, Aria or Caesar's Palace.

Eat at this place at your own peril.  I'd give it zero stars if I could.