In Short: Horrible experience, Came for winterlicious 2017 dinner 38$ per person, plus 12$ per person wine. 2 of us. Food is falsely advertised, does not taste to what is promised. Save your money and go literally anywhere else. 
It was so bad I made a yelp account to tell others not to have the same experience I did. 

Server/Host: 
Server was lovely and sweet, and made sure refill water etc. No complaints whatsoever. Host or owner? An angry man who seemed annoyed more than anything when we showed up for our reservation. Very abrupt and rude in the way he talked. 

Environment: 
Dim lit restaurant which is common, but the art thats painted on the walls is just atrocious. It looks like Dantes Inferno (literally) with lots of red tones and strange landscapes. As well weird depictions of a naked venus lady with a boombox, and then a random arch of a blue beach in the middle. Honestly a huge eyesore that I didn't think would bother me as much as it did. Also the restaurant is shared between 2. So when you walk in Freds not here is upstairs and another one is downstairs. 

Food: Obviously the most important: 
Starter: Cold butter, cold bread. Come on I've worked as caterer and its not that difficult to leave bread and butter out at room temperature. Or you know have fresh bread thats not hard. 
Appetiser: "Famous" lobster bisque has no taste of lobster, it just smells fishy and is plain. They must just poach lobster in water and use that water in the bisque if anything. Large puff pastry on top which makes it look pretty but the taste is plain. 
2 Main: I got the lamb. As in 3 thin chops not cooked properly, one was medium, two was medium rare, oh and cold when it arrived. It was poorly seasoned with large peppercorns. Came with side of cous cous with no flavour to it, only salt and pepper and a side of "curry" mashed up veggies that in all honesty tasted like baby food.
Friend got a steak and side of veggies and "duck fat"  fries. Steak was cooked great and veggies were crispy (Its not that hard though to not screw up a steak). The fries were a sham for promotion, I've had numerous duck fat fries at different restaurants pre-winterlicious and during. These were cold, thin, and wilted. They had no duck fat whatsoever, honestly McDonalds would have been better. 
Drinks: Both of us had chianti wine which was great and true to its region.
Dessert: Cheesecake and Rumcake. Small portion, cheesecake was sweet and light and tasty, rumcake was doughy and did not taste nice. It was edible but it wasn't good. 

Price: 38$ per person, 12$ per glass of wine. Total bill 120ish$ with tax. NOT worth the price whatsoever. You can find such better quality food in so many better places in Toronto for that price and less!  

Conclusion: Food wasn't any good or special. The ingredients they said they used were a lie or not prepared properly at all. This place is just trying to make a buck off winterlicious. I didn't end up taking any photos which I regret because I wish I could show you how sad our plates looked.