The Venetian is one of those highly popular hotels in Las Vegas along with Wynn, MGM, and Caesar's Palace. It's famous for its painted, beautiful ceiling and fancy interior and exterior as well as their canals indoor. I mean what could go wrong in terms of their service, rooms, or quality? 

Surprisingly, many things. The front desk lady that we happened to be stuck with was rude and unhelpful. After getting us our cards to our rooms, she simply just didn't give any more information about the hotel. We literally went in hanging on to the hotel brochure everywhere we went. There were many times when my family had to blindly walk around, trying to figure it all out ourselves. We got a suite, and it happened to have a terrible and just bad view. 

When my family and I first went in to our room, our bed sheets smelled like old, moldy clothes.  In the restroom, there were coins left on the counter.  One time, the maid left a dirty rag beside the sink in the restroom. One thing for sure.The maids have a very strange way of cleaning things.

Even the small toilet room in the restroom had a small lingering smell of mold or wastes. The sink drain didn't working, so the water took time to drain. The shower stall drainage didn't work either. We had to call in the plumber. I mean I felt like I'm the one in charge of making sure everything works and the place is clean. It's not like we're staying at a Motel across the street for 60 dollars per night. 

We're paying so much to stay here, and the room was left in an unkempt and sloppy state.   It makes me wonder what else they left behind or what else they left behind to clean. This is the most basic thing a hotel should be on target with: sanitation. 

Another thing that I strongly recommend to take note: This place is not kid friendly! The rooms are at the backside of the casino, so you had to go through the Casino in order to reach your room. Ladies in revealing clothes and couples smuggling each other are all over the place when you're simply trying to go to your room. If only the location of how it was built might have been different, this place would have been better. 

Sum it up: The Venetian is for 18 and plus. Not for kids. It is a major attraction, commercialized all over the media, but does not even hold up to decent sanitation. Service people treat you like you're an inconvenience. High-end brand name stores if your pockets are overflowing with money. A lot of bars, expensive restaurants, and cheap food court ones. 

It's beautiful on the outside and atrocious on the inside. It's like those colorful and gorgeous flowers you find in the jungle that are really poisonous.