I am so disappointed with the service here that I wish I could give a zero star review.  We went here for brunch this weekend and our waiter and the bussers were the worst.  

Our waiter started off telling us the specials they were offering and we were there at 9am.  The brunch specials were eggs benedict with lobster, surf & turf and another heavy dish for 9am.  I am not a fan of benedict style egg dishes, so I didn't order that special and went with pancakes.  I guess he was trying to sell the lobster dishes because he was asking if I was sure I didn't want a lobster dish.  I said the surf & turf sounded good, but was too heavy for 9am.  He said what about the benedict lobster dish and I just said I wasn't a fan of those.  He wasn't so happy to serve us from that point on.  He had a rude attitude from that point on and made us feel like we were bothering him with any request.  At some point, he just started throwing drinks and stuff on the table and it wasn't just me or my husband that noticed this.

My husband asked if they had lemonade.  The waiter responded very condescendingly "ummm yes we do have lemonade...".  My husband was like, ok so can I have a glass?  It was really awkward and bizarre.  That didn't come out til we were halfway done with our meals and it was literally slammed down on the table anyway.

When we got the food, the bussers just started placing the meals in front of us without confirming they were giving the correct food to everyone.  Not surprisingly, they messed up the order and we were confused.  Instead of just brushing it off like people normally do, they snapped at us and literally complained about us to our waiter right next to our table!!!

I really have never seen or experienced anything like this.  Since it was mothers day and I didn't want to upset my mother in law, I didn't make a scene, but I really wanted to let the manager know how rude his/her employees were and especially at the price of the food.

Anyway, the meal ended with the water throwing the check at us without a word (he stopped speaking to us at all after our food came out).  He put the check next to me on the table instead of just handing it to my husband or saying the normal "please take your time, I'll get this when you're ready"

He picked it up out of my husband's hands without a thank you or anything.  Then when he returned with the credit card and it was time to tip he all of a sudden regained some semblance of a personality? and informed us he worked in radio?? It was SO WEIRD.

I would never ever ever go back here again and its a shame because the food was pretty good.