This was the worst experience possible, from the slow service and attitude from our server to the bus boy spilling crushed pepper all over my lap and my salad (it wasn't his fault but might want to get a new pepper holder.) First things first, I was meeting 3 of my friends and her newborn baby there, yes they were a little bit late but I let the guy know I needed a table for 4 he said no problem so instead of seating me prior to my friends getting there like most places would do he made me wait til they got there and then as soon as they got there we waited another 10 minutes to finally be seated. It was around 1:40 last Sunday March 3rd. Our waiter was the absolute rudest thing and strutted around the restaurant like he was the owner (I would certainly hope not) or some royalty of some sort. He was very dry and kept calling us "babe" or "baby" sorry but I'm not your girlfriend and you shouldn't be addressing customers that way. I was so upset at how slow it was taking them to bring my friend sugar, SUGAR nothing special just SUGAR, her coffee started to get cold and finally the busser advised he would bring some over along with a new coffee for my friend. I literally didn't want to be there anymore after waiting 30 minutes for the waiter to come back and take our older. I ordered the cheapest simplest thing on the menu (mind you we were going to go all out on brunch but not after that experience). Finally after another 30 minutes my Caesar salad made with Tysons brand striped chicken strips you can get in the meat dept arrived. The busser brought over the pepper shaker only for the whole pepper to fall completely all over my lap and salad. I was so ready to leave. The bathroom was disgusting, toilet paper on the floor, water splashed over the sink. I had to track down our "waiter" to get our check, he was up front just gossiping with the girl up there. I was really looking forward to coming to this place after hearing praise about it but not after my experience. I don't care if you guys had a party the night before and had people working the next morning, the manager should know how to schedule to ensure everyone has a nights rest to prepare for work the next day. No excuses!