I stayed at the Venetian in the past and always had an awesome experience.  However, this recent experience completely was totally unlike all others.  I have stayed at more than a couple of hotels in Vegas, and this was truly the worse stay...ever. 

Day 1: room #1,  felt the springs in the mattress. Was told room would be changed in the morning. Fine.

Day 2: room not changed but was changed promptly when we asked.  We walked into our new room (#2) and has not even been cleaned! When we called the front desk, we were placed on hold except they never came back on the line.  We called them again and they told us they would send housekeeping.  Why would i want to stay in a room when I've seen how dirty it was!  We had to physically go back to the front desk, tell them again what happened and have our room switched out, yet again.  
Day 3: We come back to our room (#3), and SURPRISE! our key doesn't work.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt, switched out our keys at the front desk and it still didn't work! At 2am, this is seriously really irritating.  We had to stand outside our room waiting for security to open up our room.  Even more irritating was the fact that the front desk kept calling our room.  The room we couldn't get into!

Finally, we decided to call to let the hotel know how dissatisfied we were with our stay.  We weren't expecting to get anything out of this except to voice our distaste.  However, the result of that conversation was the hotel offering us "complimentary late check out" when we already told them we will be checking out at 7am the next morning. My friends and I come to Vegas more than a couple of times a year.  In the past, we have stayed at the Venetian as invited guests and had a wonderful experience.  Since this trip was a business trip this time, we booked our rooms like any regular guest and received this kind of crap service.  For a hotel that claims to be "the world's largest five diamond resort and casino and sets the standard for four-star Las Vegas hotel accommodations" they completely missed the mark.  Sad to say, the Venetian will not be a hotel that I will consider staying at again.  For the price we paid, there's just way too many other hotels on the strip that exceed my expectations for a stress free stay and exceptional service.