Buca of Yorkville, a total rip off when an Oyster is sold for $7. Yes $ 7 per Oyster. No disclosure on the the faintly printed menu which one can't even read and the font size is challenging to the 20/20vision. So, I flashed the light from my IPhone and read Oyster offering in 3 ways. Deception, as the menu does not tell you how many Oysters. Three ways means 3 different varietals. As a sophisticated diner, I am embarrassed to ask how many Oysters in a serving. So I assume that if the world famous restaurant Jean George's or La Bernadine in New York City or Madame Darroze In London can offer at $3.50 a piece, I will be getting at least 6 for the listed price of $21 at Buca. No, I got only 3 for $21. I know my restaurants in Toronto and around the world. I travel all over the globe for food and wine and visit only the best. No one has sold me an Oyster for $7 a piece. 
The restaurant is about ripping off customers and profitability. There is not one single wine on the list that I recognized. Restaurants practice this art so that the customer does not have a bench mark. So what do you do? You order and pay the rip off price. 
My main was a pasta dish. It arrived cold. The waiter was very polite and immediately replaced it with a warm substitute. She was most considerate to  the discomfort caused and was apologetic. 
I went to Buca Yorkville because I am a fan of Buca on King Street West. So, I thought it will be the same experience in Yorkville.. It was not. The chain restaurants do not offer the same experience on different locations. Buca  in Yorkville is a disaster and a total rip off, offering a single Oyster at $7. 

I went to Buca Yorkville based on the review conducted by Joanne Kates. We Canadians are a very polite nation. We will clap on anything. We even call Pusateri the Fauchon of Canada. I remember my days in the 60's when Toronto was one of the test markets for Broadway plays, including Philadelphia and Westchester   county, NY. Toronto audience clapped on everything, Westchester was brutal in awarding a nod and Philly was in between. We continue to maintain our polite posture ( thank God for that) and will welcome a new  comer like the Buca of Yorkville. Well rip us all the way and we will welcome you. 
Cheers Toronto and Joanne Kates.
Suresh Chawla
.