I went to Osteria Dei Ganzi for the first time yesterday evening for dinner.  I was attending the birthday of my sister in law.

I had read reviews prior but I try to not let too much of what I read influence me considering I was going to this place anyway and experiences are different for each person so I was going to go in with an open mind and give this place the benefit of the doubt because lots of what is written on Yelp I know that some criticisms can be constructive and things can change with enough feedback.  

This place is basically an old house and a very impressive property that also has outdoor seating which nobody was using (I couldn't figure out why) with some nice furniture.  It was a cool but humid evening.

The place is nicely decorated with large canvas type hanging of Sophia Loren and other things that look Italian.  Directly above my head was a chandelier that gave the room a very sophisticated feel.

Anyway the first thing I noticed walking into the dining area was that the air was stagnant, stifling and very uncomfortable.  The inside reminded me of being a kid in our old house with no AC.  Apparently they have AC but it doesn't help as I was looking up at the ceilings, walls etc and I couldn't find a vent to save my life.  The structure is old, I get it but it honestly felt as if there was no air circulation at all. NONE.  

My brother in law had asked if they could do something with the AC and our server said they would turn it up.  Whether they actually did or not I can honestly say it made no difference whatsoever.  So here we are about 16 people or so baking in this room watching every body else bake as well.  I couldn't believe something as simple as the comfort of the room would get to me so much.  It goes to show how much I take it for granted that where I go that the AC or heating is appropriate for the guests and that it be comfortable to to enjoy yourself indoors.  

I as well as others at my table had to at times literally get up from the table and go outside just to get fresh air and catch a bit of a breeze.  I found this dining area to be the absolute worst climate controlled (none) areas I've ever been in.  It was the most uncomfortable dining area I've ever been in, period.

DINING AREA COMFORT = F- please contact an HVAC consultant as this is serious

 The menus were already all on the table so I had a chance to look it over for quite a while before we were asked if we wanted drinks.  Mind you we arrived and seated our selves at 6:30pm.  We didn't order drinks till maybe closer to 7pm when the guest of honor arrived who I sat directly across from so I know we didn't order drinks until well after they arrived.  

The birthday girl after ordering the drinks ordered 3 planks of the Misto appetizers for all the guests.  While this order was placed, the rest of us didn't really get a chance to place an order for apps and the rest of the party wasn't there but about half of us were already.  Almost everybody arrived closer to around 7:15pm.  I don't think it would have really mattered what time everybody came because our server didn't really stay on top of our table.  Any apps ordered were all brought out at the same time as the mains except the Misto planks.

It was evident that staff for this establishment is short...  I was never asked if I wanted another drink nor was anybody else asked that I know of.  Food was brought out and the waitress asked once if everything was ok.  That was perhaps the last we saw of her until it was time to collect plates and ask about coffee etc

Let's just say we arrived at 6:30pm and didn't leave until 9:30pm in this furnace of a room.  Because we are a group, an AUTOMATIC 18% gratuity was added to our bills.  In this particular case I felt robbed.  It made me feel like we didn't warrant attention because the tip was going to be added anyway.

SERVICE = D (slow, unfriendly, unaccommodating) our server did not look happy to serve 

I had ordered their version of steak tartar as my app that arrived with my pizza (main).  Nothing says bad timing like your app coming at the same time as your main.  We had the Misto planks which were the best part of the food that night probably because most of it is already prepared (meats, cheeses, etc).  The steak tartar was sort of bland.  The crostini that came on the side... some were soggy and not crunchy!  I had ordered the quattro formaggi pizza.  The crust was not good as I found it hard and dry.  I guess I am spoiled and used to wood stove cooked crust that is chewy.  The tiramisu they brought out while I didn't partake, I was told by my wife that it was not made with mascarpone. I know my Italian food, my wife is Italian.

FOOD QUALITY = F+ (plus is for the cheese and meat they didn't make.

This is without a doubt the worst experience I've had dining out ever.  The quality of the environment, service and food to me were all failures.  Receiving the bill felt like an insult with 18% on top of it.