How this place has 4 overall stars is beyond me.  I took my son here a few weeks ago & I'm still ticked off about our experience.  First off, let me start with the only positive thing I have for this restaurant...it has a very cool modern look and feel, which I like.
Now for the rest of our experience...the music is so loud you can barely hear anything else, so I opted to sit outside.  The patio is quite large, but has absolutely no shading from the sun, it's Arizona, the sun is out 95% of the year!  I had to move my son 3 times to try & keep the sun out of his eyes.  Next, it took over 10 minutes for anyone to come over & greet us, and take a drink order.  When the waiter finally came by, I could barely hear him or understand him because he was talking so soft, I swear he was on something by the way he was acting.  I asked if we could go ahead and place our food order since my son was getting really hungry & restless.  I ordered buttered noodles for my son and bacon and eggs for me, it took 40 minutes to get our food!!!  The place was not even that busy.  I will say that the eggs were really good, but when I picked up the bacon, the grease dripped off in a huge puddle, like it was not even drained off, yikes!  Now for my son's food, he will eat just about anything you put in front of him, but as soon as he put the noodles in his mouth he spit them right back out, I have no idea what they did to them, but he just wouldn't eat them.  I told the waiter when he finally walked by again that he just couldn't eat them & asked if I could I order something different & he said that was fine & he said he would take it off the check.  I asked him to see if they could rush it & 25 minutes later, still no food for my son, I called the waiter over & he said the kitchen was really busy & couldn't give him a timeframe as to when the food would be out (again, not a ton of people in there at this time), so I said to just cancel the new order & asked if I could have the check.  He brought the check & it still had the buttered noodles on it, so I called him over again and reminded him that he said he would take it off, he then proceeded to argue with me about taking it off the check, I asked to speak to a manager & he told me that no managers are employed there...what?!?!?!  He finally got snarky and said he would take it off.
Not a good experience at all for us or for the other 4 tables around me from what I observed.