Okay before I start talking about food let me tell you that being an Indian student I have had the best and worst of Indian food and I was prepared for anything when I entered the restaurant.
I was also a bit cautious regarding the service since my friends had a harrowing time with the management (A tale for another day). Once seated, the waiter-cum-floor manager impatiently prodded us for the order (5 times in a gap of 5 minutes). Irritated already, we hurried and went for Onion Pakoras for starters, few Rotis, Paneer Masala and Aloo Gobi for the main course. 
The Decor was boring and dull with rolls of curtain carelessly hanging from the walls. Since Aesthetics hardly matter to me, I ignored it. 
The food did not arrive for 25 minutes and neither did the pesky waiter. Looking around, we found all the waiters having a great time sharing anecdotes and sipping on a drink. 
Finally after 30 minutes, the main course arrives without the starters being served. I could not imagine what excuse the management could give when we were the ONLY customers in the restaurant! 

The food was good, curry was done with medium spice just like we ordered. The naans were just about right although the mango lassi wasn't the best. Overall we were pleased with the food. Just when I was thinking that the place wasn't too bad, the waiter interrupts us, hands over the cheque and asks us to pay immediately since the cash register was "closing". I was *stunned* ! We had just started with our meal !!! Although I was furious, I politely replied that the payment will be done soon after we are done. 
10 minutes after, the floor-manager takes time off from chatting with the staff and with all the "courtesy" asks us to pay up soon. That was it! We quickly gobbled the food, paid and left the place in disgust! 

The food was worth 3 stars but I will never ever visit Delhi Palace again, not now, not ever! For a good Indian meal I would suggest visiting 'Chutneys' , 'Kabab Palace', or even drop by my house, you will not be disappointed!