This place sucks now!

My family used to frequent this restaurant quite often, but we recently went back and the food and service has gotten much worse!!

The bad experience basically happened 2 minutes into walking into the restaurant. It was 7:30pm, and prime dinner time, so obviously our first instinct was to ask how long the wait was. The answer we got was, "Soon, it's almost your turn." So we decided to wait. A few minutes later we realized that we wouldn't be seated anytime soon as most tables were still eating. We this time asked a different server how long the wait was going to be and he again said soon, but this time at least have us an estimated time, 10 minutes. We were seated almost 30 minutes after we arrived - definitely not soon.

Our number was soon called but our table was actually not yet ready, instead they handed us two menus and made us make our choices on what to eat prior to eating, this was a sign to rush us out of the restaurant - if I wanted that, I would have went to McDonalds. 

It only got worse from here. We were finally seated and as the food started arriving, we realized immediately how bad this meal was going to be. Our $7.99 plate of 'sliced brisket, ox tongue and stomach in chili sauce' was actually a 4inch plate of green onions with maybe 5 slices of what was actually meant to be eaten. It didn't taste all that good either. Next came the 'Shanghai fried noodles' and these were equally as bad. The noodles were unbelievably oily with more cabbage than there were noodles, was lukewarm, and felt unpleasant to eat. My whole mouth was coated in oil by the time I was done my bowl. The 'soup filled dumplings with crab meat and pork' were mediocre, no crab taste at all, the packaged and frozen ones at grocery stores were actually better. The only 2 good things that were actually decent was the 'deep fried crispy intestines' and the 'deep fried Chinese silver bun', but God forbid someone mess up fried bread. 

When I go to Chinese restaurants, I don't go for the service, but the service here today was terrible. A younger man, boyish even, was put in charge of our table, and never once did he smile, and was as rude as could be. Every plate that came was thrown on our table, and to make room to new food, he would move the plates we were eating off of, WHILE WE ATE. Who does that?! We definitely got the feeling he didn't want to be there. And trust me, I didn't either

Our meal came up to about $50, but felt more like it should have been worth $20. I can definitely tell you I won't be coming back!