I don't ever write reviews. If the food is not good to me, I just move on. But the whole experience tonight...I'll just leave to you to judge. I'll try to be brief.
I ordered a Traditional Pho (thin sliced beef round, tripe, tendon, & meat ball) with extra noodles and double meat, to go. When I got it home there was basically meat ball and a few small pieces of tripe. There might have been some tendon, but definitely no sliced beef. The only double meat I could see was possibly the meat ball. Ok, mistakes happen, so I call to see if I was given the wrong order. The girl tells me, 'I checked it myself, that's what you ordered'. No, sorry, there is no beef in here, just meatballs and a few pieces of tripe. She says I can bring it back and they'll remake it. So, back I go. I show her the soup, and what's NOT in it and she just takes it back to the kitchen and comes back out without saying anything else to me. So I politely ask her what happened? Did I misunderstand something? "Oh, I don't know. I don't eat the beef." Hmmm, I thought you said you checked it? The order comes back up and she gives it to me. Opens it up and shows me the meat inside. I'm not a demanding person, but there was no 'sorry for the mistake', and quite honestly I kind of felt they were irritated that they had to fix my order. Just before I leave I see what looks like a cook through the pass through window, so I ask him what happened and he tells me something about everything is weighed out to 2oz and somehow the traditional I ordered got confused for a meatball with double meatball. It didn't really make sense, but whatever, I'm hungry and just want to eat, despite the poor customer service. As for the food...The broth was bland and the double noodles were mushy. I ate the meat, which if it was doubled it was not worth the extra $3.50. Still Pho-king hungry, I threw the noodles and the rest of the broth out. They did however give me another pack of noodles with the replacement soup. I was just about to toss those but they actually felt pretty good; nice and al dente like they should be. I ate them with the soup packet from a  Top Ramen. Much more flavorful than their broth.