The worst hotel stay since I have been going to Vegas 16 years ago. Checked in Saturday May 27th for 1 night. The room did not impress me for the price ($420+ per night). But what topped it off was the horrible room service. 3 friends and I were going to see Jennifer Lopez at Planet Hollywood so we ordered 2 pizzas through room service since we didn't have time to grab something before the show. For one the pizzas were overpriced at $24 each which I understand because it's convenience but when they gave me the total $68 and change I repeated it and the guy taking my order kind of chuckled. Is it funny that I repeated it or because it was $20 more then the listed price so I questioned it. Either way we work very hard for our money so to laugh I thought was extremely rude and showed horrible customer service. So now let's jump to when the pizza comes. My 3 friends grabbed a slice while I was showering and noticed it was burnt. They tell me when I got out and I couldn't believe it. How could a high end place like the Venetian serve their guests what they had sent to our room. I called and complained and the same rude guy that originally answered answered once again. Again horrible customer service, said he would only refund 1 pizza because the other was consumed. Ummm half of it was still there and how else is someone supposed to realize it's burnt if you don't begin to eat it. I told him he had to be kidding and that wasn't ok with me so I asked for a manager. Ricardo the manager was nice and said he would give us a full refund but didn't offer to make us new ones and never had someone come pick up the burnt ones. He told us if they couldn't make it up before we left to just leave them outside our door and someone would be by to pick them up. Well next morning on our way to check out they were still there. The lack of customer service was astounding. All they had to do was apologize profusely tell me they would make 2 more pizzas pronto and send them up in addition to the refund to make sure they provide excellent customer service. But I guess not everyone is taught the same form of respect and customer service. Needless to say I will never stay here again and pass the word on to all my friends.