This place is unprofessional in every way possible.

It's really a shame that for a place that serves up very decent, authentic indian cuisine, that the customer service is so deplorable. My parents and I went in today to pick up an order of undhia and bhajia at 6pm. They had pre-ordered it and arranged the pick up time. We were told to wait for 5 minutes, which we did with no problem. 5 minutes turned into 10, 15, and almost 20. When it finally came out my father rightly expressed concern about the timing since we were ordering a very large amount for a special event. The owner snidely replied, well, if you are so concerned, then why are you even ordering from us? 
Ummm, say what? 
First rule of customer service, the customer is always right. And even if they are obnoxious, which we were not, you APOLOGIZE for being late. And you don't make snide comments. 
And here's the kicker, we let it slide because there were other people in the store, and when we got home we realized we had gotten the WRONG order, we had 2 orders of bhajias. So we called the owner, Hetal, to note this error. Instead of an apology (at this point we were owed two) we got her adamant denial that she was in the wrong. No, it was us who had placed a wrong order. My father expressed his disapproval of her behavior and you know what she said? I don't have to listen to you, I've opened restaurants before, I don't need to be told how to run it. 
UM, actually, you do. Because you are RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL, and cocky enough to think that just because your food is good, you can get by with the worst service I have ever encountered. This is America, you can't treat your customers like this and get away with it. 
And it's such a shame, because in this small indian community of Charlotte, one wants to spread the word about their fellow indian's business and help them out. But this place is not worth all the undhia in the world. It left a really bad taste in my mouth and we will never step foot in there again.