This review has to be broken into the tale of two worlds - happy hour and dinner.

First review will be our experience in the bar for Happy Hour and the Second in the dark, dark world of the outdoor dinner seating.

We valet parked our car without a care in the world. It was my wife's birthday so we thought we'd get to the restaurant early and enjoy the happy hour in the bar. Rachel was an absolutely lovely waitress. Our cocktails (party of five) and appetizers were simply a very warm, inviting, and lovely experience. The arisan cheese plate was enjoyable along with the grilled sausage trio. The happy hour buffet that is advertised simply didn't exist. Cocktails beyond their house pours were overpriced as expected. 

Overall the experience was very nice and I'd return for this portion of the evening. (but, you might want to read my review of the dinner experience).


---

After a lovely experience in the bar for happy hour (separate review) we were seated in the outdoor dining area (no one "got" us as we requested when our reservation was ready, and they didn't come to our table but asked us to come up to the hostess stand - no big deal but a bit tacky and awkward for all). 

(This is very sad as we're Phoenicians for 25 years and have experienced this restaurant over the years)

Our waiter, Eric, didn't seem to want to be there or make our experience better in any way. Eric seemed to have had a bad day and so would our table of five along with my wife, for her birthday celebration. 

We ordered directly from the dinner menu as we had just enjoyed app's in the bar. It was obvious that Eric wasn't' pleased with this but he marched off and placed our orders. 

Upon delivery (next time we saw Eric), all was just fine until I cut into my $44 strip steak. After some time, Eric stopped by and asked how dinner was. I showed him the steak and asked if it was medium. No, and he took it away. He came back and asked if I'd like another glass of Cab - well, no, unless your manager is buying so I might have it with the steak I ordered. Ten minutes later, when the rest of the table was about done with dinner, my steak was delivered. And, yes, it was cooked to a perfect medium (although, who's hungry after sitting that long and nibbling off everyone else's plates?). 

How's my wife's Birthday going? Well, not real well. Did Eric bring the wine, dessert, or anything to enhance the experience? No. I spoke with Alec, the manager, and he simply could not have cared less. His eyes were glazed-over as I explained the experience and lack of response from his staff. Alec was truly the manager of a restaurant that I would never want to experience again. He didn't sympathize, apologize, or even care about me or my family. 

DON'T GO HERE IF YOU WANT A GOOD EXPERIENCE! Spend your $ elsewhere.