I have to say, I am very disappointed with this place! By far the worst experience I have ever had at a local coffee shop (usually everyone is very nice). I have been here several times and have never had a problem until this afternoon.. I come here at least once a week since I moved to the area a few months ago and have even brought a few friends here to show them this place.. After my experience today, I will never go here again..

This afternoon, I went here to do some homework (I go to school full-time as well as work full time at one of the hospitals down the road so need a good place to study). With it being hot outside (as is often the case in Arizona), I asked for a glass of water and then went to a table in the back to start working. I barely set down my backpack when the owner walks over to me and asks if I was planning on buying anything.. I let her know that I would be at some point (with it being 4pm, and having worked since 6am this morning, I would get hungry soon and need a coffee pick-me-up). Even after telling her that, she began to let me know that her tables were prime real-estate and, with it being real-estate, I needed to have something that I had bought from there on the table.. I tried to explain to her how I come here all the time and order drinks and food.. She quickly questioned what I had ordered in the past (I usually order black iced coffee and one of their pizzas in case you're wondering). She then told me how she couldn't let squatters just come here to sit (her words not mine). I eventually asked her if she was kicking me out, to which she explained (again) how I needed to buy something.. Well, I definitely got her hint and since she clearly didn't believe me, I threw away my water and walked out.. 

First off, I will never ever be back to this coffee shop again. I have never been so clearly disregarded as a customer and kicked out of a place for going there to do homework and go here weekly.  

Second, if you at all value customer service and being treated decently, go to Copper Star Coffee. It is only 5 minutes away (8 in traffic) and is well worth the slightly extra drive. The coffee is better, the food is better, and the owner and employees are amazing and very nice!! They also offer you a free pastry on your first visit. :) 

Last, to the owner, just a little advice.. even if you are having a bad day, you should still treat every person as a valuable customer and as a valuable person. Even on your worst day, there are people who have had an even more terrible day (I witness it firsthand every day at the hospital). And I know I am only one customer, but even one customer is better than none.. 

To all potential customers, I hope this helps you decide if you want to come here, or decide to take your business elsewhere, as I have..