This was by far the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant in my entire life. I wish I could say I am exaggerating, but this really topped every bad experience I've ever had in the past. The entire experience was bad, from beginning to end. We came in for a Thanksgiving meal, and the hour we endured ruined the entire holiday.

The service here was beyond terrible. We were 1 of 3 tables being served, so it wasn't busy at all - but we were treated like they had a full house and a line of people waiting out the door. 

It all began when we weren't greeted. The woman hurriedly walked up to us and looked at us as if we came in to ask a question. I said "two please," and she replied "two what?" I repeated myself "Two, for here, please." And then the fun began....

It took us about 10 minutes to even be acknowledged by the waiter/owner. When we asked for a coke and diet coke, he angrily took our teacups away and returned with our sodas about 10 minutes later. I'm not sure what we did to tick him off, but he sure was upset that we came in.

When we inquired about the price of crab, he told us "Ummmm, ummmmmmmmm, $45.00. Some are bigger some are smaller," and very quickly walked away, said something to the lady working there and walked in the back. Finally he came back and took our order. We ordered in Chinese, he confirmed it in English.

The food certainly didn't take long to arrive - so much so that the paper wrapped chicken was still partially raw in the center, and the peppered beef was uncooked halfway through. The dishes themselves were presentable, but very, very small and pricey for a typical Chinese joint. We never complained about the raw food. The owner added an additional dish about 5 minutes after we began to eat. He became very upset with us when we told them we didn't order it and asked him to take it back. We weren't rude about the mistake with the additional dish, but he quickly got an attitude with us and began to argue with us about the dish and wanted us to take responsibility for it. 

He refused to serve us the for remainder of the meal and had the other lady working there give us our check. We certainly won't be returning, and I hope that anyone else who braves this establishment has a better experience than we did.