I used to love going to this particular restaurant, however, our experience last night may have changed this forever.
It started out okay. The menu is always a hard menu to decide on. I choose a chicken dinner and my meal was fine.
My wife Kerry, had a much bigger problem. She order a Cesar salad but asked for no  blue cheese.
When the dinner came out there was blue cheese on the salad. Also the person bringing out the meals did  not offer ground pepper for the salad and walked away quickly.
Kerry attempted to remove as much of the cheese as possible but it was impossible. A couple times we attempted to get our waitresses attention, but failed. Then Kerry asked another waitress for help. This is where it got fun. The waitress pointed to where our waitress was and began to walk away. Kerry quickly explained we tried to get the waitresses attention. The girl proceeded to walk past our waitress and did not help us out by letting our waitress know the problem. The server took the salad back and reordered a salad without cheese.
This made Kerry then get up and walk over and stop our server. Then Kerry went to find the manager to explain the situation. Someone said they would send the manager over. After several minutes the manager appeared and stopped at another table. Kerry had to flag him down.
This guy was a real winner. He stated the obvious that I was done eating while Kerry had not even received her meal. He seemed to genuinely not care and smoothed the  air by giving Kerry a free cheesecake to make things all better.
That's great. Why the F...K would we go to the Cheesecake factory? For a pizza and key lime pie? We do not go to the Cheesecake Factory for their over sized, but average tasting food. We go there expecting the over sized, over priced average tasting food for the cheesecake at the end.
So in reality the only thing which might have pacified me would have been not charging for poor service, poor management, poor attention to patrons and especially poor speed at preparing a chicken salad less some cheese.