My husband and I decided to try this place out. The place looks great but the experience not so great. We were extremely dissapointed and these are the reasons why;

1) The young lady that was serving our table, seemed as if she was brand new to serving tables. Not that theres anything wrong with that, because we were all new to a job at some point, but it made our experience kind of sour. 

2) She kept forgetting what we had ordered, and did not even bother to explain to us how the menu worked until we asked her if she could help us understand the concept. Even after she explained it to us, she made no sense and we were still confused. Another server noticed we were still puzzled and she came over to our table to thoroughly explain the process. 

3) When we went up to the bowl bar, or whatever you call it, they were very limited on ingredients and they had also ran out of some. Now this to me was unacceptable, as it was a friday night and the place was basically empty. They should have been well stocked. The servers at the actual bowl bar were very quiet. They did help me pick out some delicious sauces though. When we finally went down the bowl bar preparing our bowl to be cooked, they placed the raw meat on top of all my other ingredients. That to me was a big no no. Yes i know it's my personal preference to have raw meat separate from my other ingredients, even if its going to be cooked all together, but they should have at least asked if i would have preferred it separate. 

4) When we returned back to the table we asked our server if she could recommend any fruity sweet drinks. We also asked for jack and coke, and rosé.  She recommended two drinks, a coconut one and a pineapple. This time she actually talked about the drinks and told us that the coconut one was her favorite and that they were so good. I love coconut so when she was raving about how great it was we said ok lets get that......big mistake. Both the coconut drink and the pineapple drink were extremely watered down. There was not even a hint of coconut flavor in that drink and the pineapple drink was also watered down. Now when she went to pour the rosé in the glass, only a tablespoon of rosé came out. She had served us from a bottle that was nearly empty and she did not even notice. She did return back with a new bottle and served the rest. 

5) After we had sat down and ate our food she asked us if we wanted some dessert, and silly old me asked if she had a recommendation, again. Well she recommended the cream puff and i got it with a citrus sauce and mango sorbet. Let me just say, that again, we were disappointed. the only good thing about that dessert was the mangos sorbet and the cream that goes inside the cream puff. the rest was not good at all. 

6) After being extremely disappointed with the service we received, she comes to our table and provides us with the check. She walks away and we open up the check book. As we are trying to figure out how we will split the bill between my husband and our three guests, she comes back to our table and apologizes and takes the check book out our hand and says that she forgot to charge us for our bowls. we all looked at each other and just couldn't believe that this was all happening. Then she asked us, " do you remember what size bowls you guys had?".......really? weren't you supposed to know that info? any who she went back and charged us for the bowls we had ordered and gave us the correct receipt this time.  

Had it not been for the very disappointing service that we received, i would have given them a higher rating. What i can say is that our bowls and our appetizers were very very good. And the  chefs were extremely nice. If i had to rate this place based on their food, I would have given it a 4 star rating. Not 5 because the dessert sucked

I think the concept of this place is great, the place looks beautiful. I think that if they would focus more on properly training their employees to deliver better customer service, this place would do great. I think right now they are just focusing on having beautiful looking people working there. I will return one more time, maybe in a month or two, to see if there is any improvement.