Sad to say that my wife and i were disappointed after being so excited to experience a higher end dining place near our home. We had dinner here tonight and the whole ordeal lasted two hours and 45 minutes...and not by choice. 

If you are looking for a restaurant that has a nice atmosphere where you can talk and relax, this is not the place. The dining area is floor to ceiling wood and you cant hear yourself think. The wait staff was nice, but the bus boys wearing black tshirts, black gym shorts and shin high black dress socks is a bit...umm...something. Not to mention that there were only two waitresses for the entire inside eating area...so we never got plates for our appetizers, everything took forever and there was a real lack of personal attention. Learn how to staff a restaurant. 

Here's where it gets bad. I am in sales management and a big part of what I do is entertain and take my customers to dinner, so I eat out on average at least two nights per week. This was perhaps one of the worst experiences I have ever had. Our Fried Green Tomatoes were very good...the wedge salad was delicious...our entrees and drinks took a very long time. My wife had the salmon and I had the bone in pork chop. Its been 40 minutes since we ate and I feel sick and my wife says the salmon is "sitting heavy". How does salmon sit heavy. Her salmon was over crusted and flavorless. My pork chop once I got past literally two bites was so dry and completely white throughout that I couldn't finish it. I am not a complainer, and I am not one to send food back. I think I have done it one other time in my life but I literally couldn't eat the chop because I was worried it would get stuck in my throat, not to mention it was flavorless and juiceless. To be fair the bed of carrots, peas and sweet potatoes were very good...albeit a bit heavy on the maple syrup. 

The worst part is that when the waitress came to check on us, and saw that 80% of my chop was left on the plate I explained that I couldn't eat it and she told me she would consult a manager. Our server had to ask her manager three times for advice on what to do, and despite our server promising that the manager would come see us, the manager couldn't see fit to come visit out table, and never did. Our waitress came back and said that because I ate some of the food they would comp 25% to which I said no. She then came back and offered 50%. In the meantime the bus boy refilled my water and when I went to drink it it was now filled with some cloudy and super sweet liquid that I still cant get the taste out of my mouth. 

By this time we had been there nearly three hours, and when she offered 50% off I was so frustrated and hungry I just wanted to leave. Then we got the bill..and they double charged us for the tomatoes...which they fixed but come on.

This restaurant doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up. It charges for entrees like it is a fancy place and based on reviewing the menu before we went that was our impression...so we expected a nice relaxing atmosphere with good tasting food that would be worth the $70 tab. But that is not what we got. They charge for pricey food, attempt to come across as almost a Gastro pub, had live Irish music while we wait, had oddly dressed staff, and the overall impression made me wonder if this was a bar, a McDonald's or a fancy sit down place. Pick one and do it well is my advice.

Sad to say because I was really hoping that we would have a new local place for good food...stay away if you are expecting really good food, a staff that cares and a relaxing or romantic environment. Stay away!