My mother and I hosted an bridal shower at Cork's Wine Bar and it was a terrible experience. After multiple changes with the event planner (clearly Cork's was having a staffing issue) we had to reach out to Cork's and confirm all of the details multiple times.  

When we arrived at the restaurant no one was there to let us in. Eventually a janitor who was not expecting us opened the door and we discovered that nothing was set up as promised. We had 1 hour to set up and lots to do. The tables were dirty, we had to clean off clutter from the bar, and the windows and front door had finger prints- nothing had been done from the night before. My mom and I were in heels and were scrubbing the tables, cleaning windows, and rearranging tables and chairs, and were putting linens on the tables. When our server arrived, he was apologetic and tried to assist us as best he could. We were overwhelmed with the amount of work that needed to be done, even though the Cork's event planner had reassured us that this would all be taken care of for us and all we would need to do is place our centerpieces on the tables and be done.  

Half way through the meal, the future bride came up to my mother and told her that the food bins were empty (we had a buffet). We had to tell the staff to fill up the food, since we ordered more than enough for everyone. When we had time to reflect on the event, we also noticed that the bread we had ordered was missing. My mother was very embarrassed since she has worked so hard to plan this meal. Guests were commenting that we had run out of food but actually it just needed to be refilled from the kitchen. 

We asked to speak to the owner or the event planner so we could voice our concerns and discovered that the event planner was out of town and the owner was no where to be found. We later discovered after the event that the owner was there, although he did not identify himself at any point. We tried for days to contact the owner following the event and received no response. Eventually he did contact my mother but with little resolution. We were made to feel like our wedding shower was not important to the event planner or the owner of Cork's. It was a very special day in the life of my sister and unfortunately my mother and I were so overwhelmed with this experience we could not enjoy ourselves. 

Cork's Wine Bar & Bistro was a big disappointment.