Hello,
And I hope this review does exactly what I intend for it to do. Get the principals of this joke for a restaurant,  who ever they are,  to read it and wake up. Obviously they must be eating the dog food they have been fed by others who rave about this place.

Let's start at the beginning, went for lunch, walked in, saw people at tables so waited to see if an employee would be directing us. NOPE!! nothing of the sorts, walked up to an outdoor menu over a entrance, again what do I do next? People inside look at you but don't ask to help you. We had our dog with us, so I asked my girlfriend to go in and see what she can find out. She walked to the counter and again no one would help. Can I order? Then a person replied and pointed "you start down there" Okay great, were getting somewhere. She placed an order for a salad (pre-made crushed into a small container) a chicken salad sandwich and a lemonade. she came out and handed me the salad and drinks and said ' let's find a table, I have to go over to another area to wait for the sandwich" 

 I sat down at a table with our dog outdoors next to  32nd street (This is a farm?) and she went to get the sandwich.  OH the daymare has just started. After about 20 minutes, she sent me a text and said," I haven't left you, still waiting" This is Chicken Salad People!!! slap it on the bread add some lettuce and tomatoes and it's ready to go. Here's where it gets really good, several people who arrived after us are getting their food from the mystery window by the red umbrella. My girlfriend has now been standing there 30 minutes waiting, she taps on the window and asks " is there a problem with the chicken salad."  "I'll check"  the window closes and 10 minutes later the window opens revealing the sandwich.  Now I would say this is possibly a one off scenario except right before she received our sandwich another person who had been waiting said he was on 37 minutes, and then another person came up while she was receiving her sandwich and said "how long does it take to get a tuna sandwich" he had been waiting 30 minutes.

We eat what I would say is ordinary fresh food, nothing to write home about, and because I found the concept of standing and waiting 40 minutes to get an average sandwich so ridiculous, I stopped back in to express myself and politely said  "This is our first time here and your service was awful and we will never return"

Their response, exactly like the whole experience started. NOTHING.

And although we typically know what items cost before we eat anywhere, so initially the price seemed okay but this place is definitely OVERPRICED.