This is my second time here. The first time was probably 3 years ago which i can't remember much about 

To start off the manager or "owner" has no customer service what so ever, and tries to make more money off of people lol by charging for unnecessary things for unnecessary prices. 

My table was of four, just before 7pm. It was getting kind of busy, not really. But anyways.. I ordered an avocado shake, and it came out looking like crushed ice. I'm not sure if a tint of green was even in it. I took a sip and could hardly get anything to come up the straw... So i kindly ask her if she can help me remake it just with less of whatever she put and actually more avocado. She goes and says "we use natural products, the one i gave you was the biggest avocado, and we don't use powder or anything like other restaurants" 
I never asked for her to explain what was in it. Or what she didn't use that "other places do" - so my ice shake was basically ice and milk. lol 

My grilled pork on rice came out. $1.50 for an egg that i wanted sunny side, but came out clearly cooked. The pork was OK. But too fat, and some parts weren't fully cooked. I asked for a bowl of soup to have on the dry pork lol.. And the waiter came back and told me the owner says charge me $3 for it. Wow ok. if i heard $1 or $1.50 okay whatever but $3? for a small bowl of MSG? lol you've got to be kidding me i might as well order another ICE shake you charge for over $3 

My cousin got a Pho with rare beef and beef balls, small size. & so did my aunt. They both came out with hardly any toppings hence the fact that one bowl preferred no greens while the other did, but yet they came out plain old jane, and looked very stingy as it was

My mom got the Bun bo hue. It took the longest but tasted the worst! How did that happen???!!! For $12+ a bowl it came very faint in colour, and tasteless. That bowl got probably 4 bites before it went to waste. 

The only good thing i can say about this place is that the waiter - he was nice. The spring rolls weren't bad. 

The pricing for that area; for that type of quality food is crap. The manager needs to stop being greedy and try and make customers actually wanna come back. 

Overly priced. Shitty food. Just drive a few kms to find better pho, and service. Don't recommend. Bye