Ugh. We absolutely hated our experience here. When we first arrived, the host (who was standing outside at a stand) called us "sir" and "madam," which I thought was a little peculiar but not in and of itself annoying. Little did I know that ~32 minutes later, we'd look back and think of his misplaced etiquette as the only positive thing about our dining experience at Dragonfly. The service was totally unimpressive, especially given that the restaurant wasn't at all crowded, and the $4 happy-hour-special Long Islands were more sour mix than alcohol, but what really turned us off was the overly sweet, sugary, and poorly-thought-out food. 

We started with the "Mill Avenue" appetizer sampler. The only real standout was the cream-cheese filled puffs (ironically, the least authentic item) - the other items, including the sauce, were just off. The spare ribs were dry, the paper wrapped around the spring rolls was tough (telltale sign that they hadn't been freshly made), and the sauces were watery and had no zest at all. We eagerly looked forward to our entrees but when they came and we tried them, we found ourselves wishing for the flavorless and subpar - but not disgusting - appetizers. My husband had the mango beef - I used to work at a Vietnamese fusion restaurant where this was featured on the menu, and there, it consisted of thinly sliced beef with tender pieces of mango and a oyster sauce. Here, it was fatty chunks of beef with underripe mango in a sickeningly sweet, sticky sauce mixed up with a bunch of unrelated "sauteed" veggies. My yellow curry chicken and shrimp tasted less like a complex curry and more like a meat and veggie mixture (think bad Chinese) tossed in a paper bag with a whole jar of curry powder. 

When the waiter came to clear our almost-full plates, he asked if everything was ok. Our philosophy is usually to say something in response to that question only if something is fixable (e.g., a meat can be redone to be less well-done). In this case, the whole restaurant concept seems to be centered on serving flavorless and poor-quality large portions to a university crowd they seem to think is un-discerning. With so much wrong, a complete overhaul would be necessary. And, so...we said "We're just full. Thanks!" and got the hell out of there!