This was the first and last time I will dine at 1800 degrees.

From the beginning, starting with our greeting at the door, service was cold and uninviting. At a price of around $50-80/person for dinner, one expects to be treated at least half decently.

I ordered a NY Striploin Steak, my girlfriend ordered the black cod filet, with a few oysters to share to start. The oysters arrived almost immediately, and we were off to a good start. Then things went downhill: we waited 50 minutes for our entrees, and were incredible famished when they arrived.

My steak was smaller than expected, but looked decent. I ordered it medium rare, and the outside was nice and charred, but when I cut into the meat, it was raw! - I'm talking cold on the inside, fresh from the fridge - totally blue rare, steak tatare! And this was a $50 steak, so naturally I wanted it cooked the way I had ordered it.

It seemed as if they had rushed to make our orders, which was unacceptable considering they had almost an hour to get it right.

The waitress took the steak away and said they'd fix it, leaving behind my side of fries, to munch on while I waited.

She then brought back THE SAME steak, now more cooked, now alone on a plate without a side dish or the demi glace it had originally come with. It was a sorry looking meal, but it had now been about an hour and 10 minutes since my original order and I was starving, so I dug in.

After my first bite, I was horrified to discover a long black hair underneath the meat, and I immediately called over the server. She apologized and took away the plate. To my surprise the manager returned a few minutes later with the same plate, and told me it was not in fact a hair, but caramelized beef jus! 

This was all too much now; it had been an hour and 20 and I had only had a few fries and an oyster or two to hold me. I let the manager know  about the ordeal; the long wait, the raw steak, the hair, the lack of a side dish and sauce when the meal was replated. His blankface response was: "well you already ate your side fries, why would I give you another?"  I ate those damn fries while I was waiting for you to get my hour late $50 steak right, buddy, so I think it's only within reason that I get my entree back with a fresh side and some demi glace, plated the way it was supposed to be, instead of a sad little twice grilled naked steak alone on a plate.

Not to mention he tried to convince me I was mistaken about finding a large black hair in my food!

That was it, my girlfriend had long finished her meal (which was blah by the way) and I still hadn't eaten anything, but I couldn't deal with this jerk any longer.

I asked for the cheque, minus the steak of course, and that was that. No  apology from the manager, no free drink or dessert offers, no comped meals, just an empty stomach and the knowledge I would never return.

We went across the street to Tim Horton's and I got a sandwich. The service, food and atmosphere were a million times better.