I first visited Cheeburger Cheeburger at the South Rainbow location. This location earned 4-stars from me during that visit. When I went back to the Rainbow location with my teenage boys, I noticed the location had closed due to relocation. This was disappointing. So, I sought out this Eastern location with my best friend and my boys.

This Cheeburger Cheeburger was a disappointing experience last night. Our server was Alex. She was an absolute sweet heart, but she was the only person on the floor. The restaurant was empty with the exception of one other family. I am not sure why, but the menu seemed more confusing this second time around than it had my first time. Maybe it had something to do with what was included if you didn't get the fully loaded fries with your meal. We split our basket between fries and onion rings. So, we paid extra for chili and cheese instead of getting free chili - not sure why really. The fries with cheese, chili, and jalapeños were truly delectable! The onion rings were good, but sauce for your onion rings is an additional charge. I wasn't sure which one I wanted, so I decided against one of the six to eight choices. It wasn't as good without a dipping sauce. 

When our burgers came, all seemed great! I took some great pictures. Then, I patiently waited for our server to bring A-1 sauce, as my "Serious" hamburger was dry of the A-1 sauce I had requested. I must have waited at least 8-10 minutes before my best friend got up and took matters into his more polite hands. Meanwhile, what kept our server was a Hispanic family with their four children (the only other patrons in the restaurant). The husband/father was ordering a to-go order at the counter as his wife sat down and watched her three smaller of the four children climb all over the counters and run around the restaurant. The children had no shirts and one had no shoes. I lost track of time watching this pathetic display of parenting. Whatever happened to the restaurant Health Code rule of "no shoes, no shirt, no service?" I guess that rule doesn't apply here. Oh - ok, the food.... I took a couple small bites from my hamburger before discovering that my medium burger was rare. I might have discovered this in the first bite, but my many toppings and A-1 sauce hide the cold rare patty I engulfed in the first two bites.

My best friend took my burger up to the counter where our waiter was still dealing with this other unruly family at her counter. I was told another one would be made for me. Meanwhile, the rest of my family was already starting to receive their shakes. This was our dessert. I received mine first - and I was still waiting on my meal. When I did receive my second burger, it was again rare. At least this time, I was able to get a few more bites into the burger before reaching the cold rare center. Guess who went up to the counter again? Yup, you got it! So, I decided it wasn't meant to be and settled in for some dessert. 

About this time, one of my teenage boys who had ordered peanuts in his shake came to me with his complaint. He said he thought his shake was peanut butter. I took a look - and he was right. It had peanut butter all over the edge of the milkshake tin. It was a $6.00 milkshake and he couldn't finish the shake. Have you ever seen a teenager that couldn't finish a milkshake? Then, I looked at mine. I was supposed to have strawberry, banana, and blueberry with white chocolate and macadamia nut. I had no noticeable nut and instead of white chocolate, I had dark chocolate. Given the two complaints on my burgers, three times my best friend had to get up to fix the situation, and the two kitchen staff who came out from the kitchen to see who was complaining - I decided not to say a word about the shakes. Two out of four isn't bad, right? 

My burger was taken off the total check. But, wow... three burgers, two baskets of fries/onion rings, and four shakes was $80 dollars. Truthfully, the price isn't as much an issue as the experience + the price you're left paying. For the price I paid, I shouldn't be nickeled and dimed on sauces. This also not clear when you are just looking at the menu. There is nothing worse when it comes to dining out than to pay a high price for below average service, the wrong shake, and no burger!!!