Just had the WORST customer service experience at Paramount Foods at Richmond and Spadina.

I ordered online through paramountfinefoodsdotcom which had a link to a site called SkipTheDishes. I prepaid by corporate credit card and received an email confirmation. The counter guy couldn't find the order and said that they only accept orders through JustEat (despite the sign behind him saying "UberEats pick up). A manager comes along and insists that you can't place an online order from their website because they only offer catering online. I tell him to check. He tries on his phone but quickly puts it away before getting to the "order online button" and again insists it's not possible. He refuses to help me unless I can bring back proof by way of screencaps and emails. Meanwhile I have a hungry Stage Manager in a dinner meeting who just drove from Quebec and would like her Falafal wrap - as well as a pizza order to pick up at a different restaurant that is now getting cold.

I go back to work, print off the screencaps and confirmation email and return to the restaurant. The same counter guy argues with me again. Then he checks a second time and mysteriously produces my prepaid order - you know, from the service they don't offer. When I ask for an explanation he talks over me constantly, refusing to listen or explain. Then he tries to blame me for the problem saying that orders from that company (the one they don;t use) have to be verified with a printed email confirmation. I demand to speak the the manager whom he has tio text to find (this place is tiny).

So apparently a new manager is on duty and the one I spoke to did not mention the irate customer who tried to order online and would be returning to pick up the order they found after I left that they claimed not to have received from the company they don't deal with. only now it's a different one from before. This guy again insists they don't take orders through the website (the order I now have it in my hand). I show him the print out of the screen cap of their website with the link. I show him the screencap of the link. I show him the email receipt showing the address of his restaurant and the credit card charged. He stubbornly insists none of this is true. So I'm lying? I ask him if he thinks I went and photoshopped it all. I tell him to go to a laptop and look it up himself. He still insists this is all a lie. He looks it up and... bam. There it is just as I told him. Then he says the restaurant wasn't told they were taking orders through this service (not my problem - but if that's true, how did you find and fill my order when I was off printing?) and that since I have the order I should have nothing to be upset about. No apology and he really didn't seem to care.

How messed up is this company if the managers don't know how they are taking orders or whats on their own website and shouldn't you check when a customer says otherwise before basically calling him a liar? And when you are handed printed proof - shouldn't that be a clue instead of still claiming the customer is wrong? And why is it okay for your staff to lie and blame the customer?

No offer to make it right, no customer follow up, no customer satisfaction - AND THEY WERE IN THE WRONG.

My Stage Manager is now eating cold falafel and I am mad as hell.