When we walked in to a half empty restaurant, there was no host at the front, so we waited about 10 minutes for a waiter to finally seat us. We were excited about the decor in the dining room. They gave use a table in a nice secluded area with a bench seat on one side and overly large comfortable seats on the other. The menu looked impressive with very reasonable prices. I couldn't believe it wasn't packed with people. The waiter was very friendly. We placed our order for drinks, appetizers and entrees.  When my wife went to pick up the menu, there was a bug on the table under the menu. She jumped from her seat. The waiter looked for the bug under the table. I used the light on my phone, and we found and killed it. Ok. Everything ok. Let's get back to dinner. About 2 minutes later, my youngest jumped out of her seat and said there was a bug on her leg. I looked on her seat, and the bug was running around on the cushion (see picture). Who I think was the owner (tall Asian guy) came over to talk to the waiter. The waiter moved us to another table. We decided to stay because it wasn't roaches, and it was too late to find another place to eat as the kids were hungry. 
Out comes one of the appetizers - bacon/date meatballs. As we took our first bite of the meatballs, out comes my wife's ribeye entree order. The owner comes over and asks how's everything. I said the entree is a bit early. He says, "Oh, I will try to get the other entrees out faster."  What?  How about giving us time to eat the appetizers first. Then the next appetizer comes out - the octopus. Then the kids baby back ribs. Finally my chicken parmigiana. So all entrees were on the table before we even finished our appetizers. Geez. Not a huge issue for us because the apps were a couple of bites each, but why doesn't the owner or waiter know how to time the food coming out???  Also, the owner never even apologized about the bugs. 
Now the food (see pictures). My chicken parmigiana came with spaghetti. The spaghetti was cooked right al debate and sauce tastes good. The chicken had a weird texture. I flipped it over and noticed that it looked like chicken had either panini grill or George Foreman grill marks. It was not a breaded chicken breast. Chicken parm is my favorite dish, and they do not do it justice. The chicken filet itself tasted liked a previously frozen breast that gets injected with solution kind of like a breast from one of those family sized bags of frozen breasts you find at Costco. 
My wife got a rib-eye steak and ordered it medium. Although it came out earlier than any other entree, it was well done. It also had a strange color to it. Although there were grill marks, it did not have any kind of crusting like a char-broiled or flame-broiled steak. It looks like they put it on a grill pan but there was too much liquid in the pan causing a boiling of the meat instead of a sear. We waited for about 15 minted before we even saw the waiter again, and told him about the steak. He apologized and went back to get another steak. My wife ate what should could but about 50% of the steak was fat (see picture). Yes the rib-eye looks like a large portion when it comes out, but you can't eat most of it. 
Two of the kids split the ribs. It came with cornbread and mashed potatoes. The cornbread was extremely dry and tasteless. My kids love cornbread, and we each only tasted a small bite to see how bad it really was. Although the ribs were fall off the bone, they still tastes dry to me. The bbq sauce on the ribs was overpowering and not very good. 
My other kid ordered the kid's menu fish and chips. Typical crap food on a kids menu using a frozen fish filet that's deep fried. Kid's meal comes with a drink, but apparently the waiter doesn't know that because he tried to charge me for the drink. 
In the end, I think the bugs were trying to warn us to get out of there. They even sent two, so we would get the point. I wish we walked out after the second warning. I was so disappointed as we were hoping this could be a cool place to stop whenever we are in Vegas. My kids didn't even want to stay for dessert. At one point we were looking for our waiter. I noticed he was near the bar talking to someone.  He was there for about five minutes. Next thing you know he is doing shots with the guy. Then instead of checking on his tables, he wanders in to the back for another 10 mins. The owner never checked on us again even though he passed our table about 10 times when he went to/from the kitchen. 

Bottom line - the food pretty much sucks, the service sucks, the owner doesn't care. It is reflected in the food they serve, the service they provide, and the apathy they display.   As we left the restaurant, you would think someone would give a final word of apology. The owner was too busy in the bar area BSing. Bill $103. No comp for the horrible experience, and overcharged for a soda. No wonder it was pretty empty on a Friday night. One star for ambiance.