I have been back several times before writing this review update just to make sure all the inconsistency that I have been experiencing is now the way of Bagel Cafe and not just an off day they were having. I'm prepared for the loyal fixtures to be upset, but if you really have been eating here since it opened then you know it's not the same. I first started eating here at Bagel Cafe (I was a teenager) after it opened. It was worth the long wait to get a table as the food was spot on excellent. Sure we all know the best breakfast in town is at the Omelet House on Charleston, but this place definitely came close behind at one point. In the last 6 months I have experienced meals here at Bagel Cafe that were just not worth the money or wait for what you got. They don't even use Boar's Head deli meats anymore! WTH?!?!?!? They use some brand I have never heard of. The taste and quality of the deli meat just isn't the same as it used to be. They claim the bagels are made fresh daily yet they are rock hard. I have never liked the bagels here, but if it's in your name.... live up to it!

As you can tell from my previous review and pictures, I really used to like this place. Consistency is a major issue. The sandwiches used to be made with Boar's Head deli meat and was piled high between the bread of your choice and a real winner. Now you get some other brand of meat just bunched up in a ball between 2 dry pieces of bread. I can do that at home! Then there is breakfast. I usually order breakfast here. The last 3 times the coffee has tasted bitter and nasty. Getting a refill was a major chore as well. I noticed the servers didn't have name tags on my last visit or I would give a proper shout-out to the waitress who has messed up my order lately and has terrible customer service. I ordered "One Egg any style W/Bacon" priced at $8.95 and asked for eggs to be scrambled with shredded cheddar cheese on top. Such a simple breakfast right? Apparently not For Bagel Cafe. The breakfast also came with a bagel of my choice and breakfast potatoes. When my food arrived I noticed there was a slice of cheddar cheese on my eggs. UGH! If you don't have shredded cheese just let the customer know so they can maybe make another choice. I would have had the egg over medium or easy to dunk my bacon in if I had known. The "Asiago" bagel I had was so tough and hard!  I was with another yelper one of my last visits and showed him how I was able to bang the bagel on the table and it just broke in pieces.  The bacon was terrible. From the picture it looks heavenly, but let me tell you it was rock hard and seemed like it was honestly pulled from the fridge or something. When my meal arrived the bacon was missing, so I informed our waitress and she replies to me "oh did you want bacon?" to which I'm like HELL YES why would I have ordered a breakfast that comes with it if I didn't want it? She then brings me the cold/hard bacon and when the receipt comes she charged me $3.50 for a side of bacon. Seriously? It was supposed to come with the breakfast I ordered. She made me feel like I had done something wrong when she actually is a very lousy waitress. The potatoes I had were the only thing edible on the plate and even those aren't the same potatoes as they have had in the past. With this place not being consistent and having waitresses who can't do their job right, I'm going to  BabyStacks Cafe and Omelet House from now on for breakfast and will make the drive to Henderson to eat at Weiss.