I've been dreading this review because I just want to forget about my experience at this hotel.

I'd give the room a -3 wifi didn't work and the head board was torn, no fridge, there is but if you move anything it charges you, cheap off brand toiletries and no coffee pot!? Even the days inn have those! cleanliness -3 had to wipe out the bathtub full of short curly black hairs before I could bathe. Picked a few off my socks too, casino-3 it was a maze to the desk, poker room- 3. my fiance played for hours and said he wouldn't play here again, too many weird rules.
 
Customer service - negative 1000. 

I'll try to sum it up for the sake of myself and everyone reading this:
Stayed here on Christmas Day, I'm content with 3 star hotels but for the holiday my fiance convinced me to for once treat ourselves to Venetian or Caesars. And we unfortunately pick this place. 
Room was decent enough (absolutely not worth price if you ask me) Had a good nights rest didn't hear any neighbors which I LOVED! Then we checked out and at this point I'd give an overall 4...

Then the next evening I realized I forgot my brand new, got to wear it one damn time, $225 coat...I remember taking it off when we got in the room and leaving with a different coat on.

I call the 27th (was in utah mountains so no reception until then) 
*Call lost and found leave a message. 20 mins later call back talk to a man. Writes down description. 30 mins- call back. Talk to a woman "no man back here or inquiry please describe the coat". describe it. Call back. No coat- I ask to speak to security. A male officer takes my info down does a "lost inquiry" tells me to call back tomorrow. 
*Next day- instead of calling I decide to go out of my way and go in.
*Tell the woman at the desk my situation, she calls lost and found -nothing. "go to security". I go they have none of my inquiries and no coat. They send me to a manager back at the front...
*I talk to Rhommel Berris, desk manager who tells me "nothing is found so therefore there is nothing I can do". I tell him exactly what time I came in and what I was wearing to check the cameras. He can't because surveillance is a different "entity". Bet if I took $225 from them it wouldn't be 5 secs later that I was caught and in handcuffs though.
*He calls security, calls housekeeping- nothing. tells me "sorry if nothing is found there's nothing we can do" well obviously it wasn't found or I wouldn't have been wasting my time with you guys.
Security comes and takes my THIRD lost inquiry report. Tells me "call back in 72 hours"

On the phone for 45 mins and arguing with Rhommel for an hour and 15 mins and there was NOTHING they could do, I thought maybe they'd offer something, anything! But we ask "because of all of our time wasted could we at least get a lunch voucher" and Rhommel said "sorry unfortunately I can't do that" well Rhommel it doesn't seem like you can do much of anything. 

Losing the coat was my fault but my coat magically disappearing when I left the room and how unprofessional they were is theirs. I will never again stay here and EVERYONE who's mentioned Vegas in the past week I obviously tell them to avoid it. I advise anyone who for whatever reason decides to stay don't leave anything behind, I've read other reviews of things going missing after they've left for the day and housekeeping has been in.

This place is super unorganized and it was an expensive, annoying lesson learned.