*******Stay away from this place******

Confused staff and very Rude snobby manager sum up my experience.

It is not all about the Money, it is about how the team and a establishment makes you feel and overall dining experience,

I called ahead for happy hour / Samba Hour and they said it will be for that night. Upon arrival I told hostess we like to take advantage of  their Samba hour for drink special and get sushi off their regular menu  the hottest took us to the back room , which it was Empty and said the special drink menu is only served here! 

Even thou the restaurant was half full ( mostly clueless tourists) We were the only ones in that back room the waitress came and said there is no special menu there in the back room that night and took us back to the front, to be seated in the main restaurant!!

So now we are in the front and the hottest claim that the So called Samba Hour is only at the bar and sit us there, only for the bartender minutes later to acknowledged that the Restaurant manager  Called off the Samba Hour all together for that night, and there was nothing special to begin with as they advertised and told us over the phone.

Does anyone knows what they are doing!?
The team has lack of communication with the manager and each other!!

Why the waiters, bartender and hostess are not synched!?

It was our Anniversary the next day so we got the table and stayed. After all we were just gonna use the samba hour for some drink and get the food off the regular menu
anyway.

The snobby hostess treat us like some hilly billy as if it was our fault getting moved around 3 times, and said the manager will come over to make it up.

  $200 in bill later for some very average sushi, no sign of manager to at least apologize for moving us from room to room and seat to seat and literally being humiliated due to their confusion .

******Never Again

I travel to vegas regularly and just wanted to give this place a chance.

For great sushi and service I would Go back to Nobu or Social House both on the strip, will never even consider this place ever again. 

I have no problem spending more for great food and service, and I have travelled all over the world to appreciate quality service but this place was definitely the worst dinning experience of my life.

There are many other great dinning  options at Palazzo and Venation, sushi samba is not one of them.