If I could give this place zero stars, I would not hesitate. Everyone has an off day. Being from the service industry for years, we understand. There were three of us total,  one a child. We went  last weekend for breakfast after reading a review for the other location.

Walking in was like going to a morgue. At the time there were two other tables who did not have any food and appeared to have been waiting a while. We ordered and got our drinks. 

45 minutes passed. The waitress apologised that the cook was new and said she didn't know what was going on in the kitchen. We waited over an hour and nothing came out for us, even the side of toast we ordered for our child. Unfortunately we had to be somewhere and after waiting as long as possible, had to leave. It was a nightmare.

The manager paced back and forth between the bar and kitchen without so much as eye contact or a swing by the tables to let us know when the food possibly may be ready. It was a strange experience.

We were disappointed and annoyed to have lost that time waiting for.... nothing. 

The magazine reviewer clearly had not been to this branch. And how a new cook would be left on their own on a Sunday morning at a breakfast place that had recently opened is simply baffling. Unsure how they can claim to do catering and corporate functions if they are unable to bring out a breakfast for three people, or at the very least, an order of toast or something that may be available to pass the time.

The table next to us was frustrated as well. They received their food in takeaway boxes which were delivered at different times. 

It may have been faster if someone had peeled over to the other branch and brought back the food.

There is no way we would go back as aside from the wait, it is apparent they are incapable of cooking. It was almost like this place was a front for something else. What a shame as we had high hopes and have not been to many breakfast places since moving here.

Give this place a miss. Something tells me some of the rave reviews for this particular branch are not valid.