Heck no. Never again. 

While I like Glass Nickel in other locations, the Sun Prairie location is ridiculous. I cannot think of a better word for it. I don't even care if your pizza is decent, your customer service is the absolute worst. 

I hesitated even writing a review about this (especially because it happened over a year ago), but after reading other people's similar experiences, I will. I attempted to order a pizza online so it would be ready to pick up on the way home after I grabbed my kids from daycare. I placed the order ahead of time and specified a time to pick it up. I received an email conformation saying they got the order. When I went to pick it up, the girl at the counter acted surprised when I said I was here to pick up an order, but didn't say anything unusual about it. She said it would be ready in a minute. Twenty minutes go by so I go up to ask about the pizza. (there were no other customers in the restaurant this entire time). Another girl at the counter snaps back at me, "I don't know about your pizza. I'm not the one who took your order" and walked away. So, the other girl responds, "it'll just be a minute." Another twenty minutes go by until I ask again. The girl responds, "which pizza did you order?" Seriously? She walks back to check and says it'll a few more minutes. Here I am waiting 40 minutes after the time it was supposed to be ready with a 4-year-old and a 5-year-old hungry and tired of waiting. I patiently wait 5 more minutes before kindly asking for a refund. The girl glared at me and said she didn't think she could do that. I said I wasn't paying  for a pizza that I didn't get. The manager then walked up to the counter, didn't say a word, but gave me a refund. He then handed me the pizza saying, "you can have it, anyway." I felt like it was wrong of me to be there ordering a pizza from them. They made me feel like a massive inconvenience. 

Glass Nickel, please change your attitude toward your customers. We are forgiving people and can forget the past.