Heed the warnings: STAY AWAY. This by far sets the bar for worst food experience I've had in 2014. 

This BDubs is close to my house on my way home from work so i figured I would treat myself to some wings. It appears that since my last time at a BDubs thy have changed the menu to a small, medium, large operation that costs infinitely more of your money for a nebulous amount of chicken.  Knowing this I waited for their $0.60 boneless night on Thursday and called in my order after I left work. 

Upon arriving at the restaurant there was a crowd of people around the host podium and the take out counter.  After idling around for a few minutes I built up the courage to ask some of the other people standing their if they were in line for a table or in line to place an order. Most it seemed were waiting for a order but not all. Finally finding my way up to counter checking in with a handful of people to make sure I was not cutting in line I had made it to a register. Feeling a sense of accomplishment I stood there with a smile on my face and waited to be acknowledged by one of the 6 girls behind the counter. It never happened. I had to speak up. "Excuse me, I'm here to pick up an order." Lo and behold one of the girls checked the computer, another assisted and confirmed- there was no order for Matt. As it turns out there were only 2 other orders in the computer (which makes me wonder if all those other people mingling around the counter had orders in their system too). 

20 minutes later I had my order and feeling bad for the gals behind the counter who were clearly unprepared to perform their duties I thought I would kill em with kindness and thank them very much for their assistance and wished them a pleasant rest of the evening. They however found it appropriate to not even look up from the computer or acknowledge me for the second time that evening. 

MEAL TIME-
I brought my boneless wings home and opened up the boxes only to be utterly underwhelmed by both the size and sauce coverage. These wings more closely resembled tater tots than boneless wings. Dry. Cold. And nearly chickenless. What more can I possibly say than it was a total let down and feel that this trip marks the last time I'll ever patronize THIS Buffalo Wild Wings.