Does this business owner even read the reviews here?

TL;DR: Slow and inaccurate service, server is vague on Groupon, tells us we must buy two orders when it was never specified on the Groupon itself. I give the food a grade 'C' at best.

I originally came to this plaza with my dad to eat Chon Thai, one of my favorite Thai places here in the Gilbert-Chandler-Mesa triangle.  Turns out they only do delivery at 2:45pm (they close at 3) so since we wanted some place to sit down and this one had a Groupon for the Teppanyaki, we figured might as well give it a shot. (During this time there was a Groupon for $16 for $30 on Teppanyaki)

I read the previous reviews here and understood the risks but we went in anyways.  The first thing to note is the atmosphere. Yes, there are other reviews on the atmosphere but I must drive this point home.  Pink neon lights, 80's music, and soap operas playing on three of the four TVs made it feel odd to sit down in what was essentially an empty restaurant (There was one other party there.)  We initially got seated in the sushi (or Japanese Cuisine as they call it) area and after some minor confusion we moved over to the teppanyaki tables.  During this time, the server lady took her time in between coming to help us.  About 30 minutes later we finally got to order, only for her to tell us that we MUST use the Groupon to buy TWO teppanyaki orders.  Nowhere on the Groupon's fine print does it say we needed to buy two orders, just that we were going in for a "meal for two".  That's fine, instead of sharing the filet mignon, we get two chickens and cancel the sushi order.  Cue more waiting, until our chef comes out about 10 minutes later.  

After the light show and singed eyebrows that was our teppanyaki show, we finally got to chow down on the food. It wasn't poor but it wasn't great either. Either way, let's look at the food we received:

Chicken Teppanyaki: The chicken breast was on the dry side but the vegetables were good, albeit some of the salts were unevenly spread leading to some of the vegetables being lighter in taste. The sauce for the meat was light and only really tasted of wasabi while the vegetable sauce was salty.  

Salad: Who puts this much dressing on the salad anyways? I ate the leaves and left the rest of the dressing off to the side. There was about 2-3 tablespoons there, like seriously? The bowl was maybe 1.5x the size of a rice bowl.  Other than that the dressing is the standard you get in most Japanese sushi bars. I unfortunately don't know what it is called but if you visit sushi bars regularly you will recognize it.

Steamed Rice: I see other reviewers complaining about the rice being day old.  No complaints about the food here, but our server forgot to bring it out to us until we asked for it.  

Miso Soup: Other reviewers say it is salty, I had no issues.  This was probably one of the better, more balanced parts of the meal.  

Water: Other reviewers mention there was some slime in their water. I did not see anything here. We ordered the standard ice water with lemon.  

All in all, steer clear from this place.  Your money is better spent elsewhere, the a la carte sushi rolls and sashimi was over double the standard at other popular places in the area.