First time here on a Sunday and it will be our last. If I could give this place zero stars I would! Never will we step foot into this establishment ever again!  Please see below for my reasons.

1.) Food was way overpriced for what you get and it is mediocre food. I ordered chicken pho and when it came out I thought it was the kid's size. Do yourself a favor and go to a better and reasonably priced vietnamese restaurant, there are a lot out there folks! Really don't understand what all the hype is about this place. We are foodies and have had really good authentic vietnamese food and this place just does not cut it.

2.) Waited over 30 mins to be seated (arrived a little before 6:30 pm on a Sunday night) for a party of 5, not really part of the reason I'm writing this review since I do understand that they were busy when we came and we agreed to wait.

3.) We did not get our food until after 1 hour!!! We are only a party of 5. We sat down at 7 pm, server took our drink orders within 5 minutes of sitting down. 5 minutes later she came back with our drinks and we ordered immediately since we had over 30 mins to look over the menu while we waited outside. By the time we received our food after 1 hour, tables that sat down after us started to leave. I don't understand why we received our food so late as almost half of the restaurant was empty by then. 

4.) We complained to a "manager" since the wait was just too ridiculous! The so called "manager" basically gave us a lame excuse of why it took so long and offered us a free dessert. We denied the dessert even though it was free as we just didn't want to sit at that restuarant any longer. However, if they were a restaurant that cared about their customers they would have offered us a discount or even to take off an appetizer that we had ordered but nothing of that sort! Also, throughout the time that we were waiting for our mediocre food, we saw the actual owner/manager go around tables checking to see, I'm guessing people he knows, if they were statisfied and never even once did he laid eyes on our table.

This restuarant not only did not satisfy my hunger but I left feeling angry! Also, after we paid I noticed other servers/workers looking at our table like we did something wrong... felt humiliated as we are not the type to complain. I've never been to a restaurant and experienced treatment like this...ever... McDonald's treats their customers better than this! Never again!!! Do yourselves a favor, please go somewhere else!!! There are a ton of wonderful Vietnamese restuarants around the valley!