Hubby and I went here over Memorial Day weekend and had high expectations - andy why not, this was Bellagio of course!
Where oh where to start...at first pass the carving stations all look wonderful, but alas upon tasting each one, nothing and I mean NOTHING stood out or even reached average...yes, they were all that bad.  Everything seemed to be just sitting way too long and meats were dried out...the Wellington was something we were looking forward to trying, but what the hell is that piece of liver in there for!?  Aaahhh.... to top it off, for the price you pay you would expect to have some steamed crab legs, especially on a holiday weekend - come on!  And why aren't your chefs doing their best in keeping that station filled!?  Legs were so skimpy and it gets irritating when there's only one set of tongs while 8 people are behind you just hawking at their chance to grab those tongs outta your hand.  Make a bigger crab section for god's sake and bring out more serving tongs!  The whole layout of their food sections is so compact that everywhere I turned, there was someone in the way...and please get rid of those stupid rope barriers between your meats and sides, they don't work.
Our server was non-existent the entire dinner and our plates were being picked up by other servers who were passing by and noticed that we were eating with our dirty plates still at the side of our table...where the hell was our server?? Nowhere to be found or seen - and I'm serious.  We did not see him at all from a distance or walking around anywhere else....he just disappeared and the service for our table was just ignored.
Trying to get the best of our money, still gave other items the benefit of the doubt and tried a little here and a little there....but nothing worked out.  And this fact was most evident later that evening and the following day when we both fell ill to what we devoured there.
Never have I ever thought that I would be rating a 5-star resort buffet giving them only 1-star....too bad.  We will never be back here.