Stay away from 1800 Degrees!!!  I went there with my boyfriend and sister to celebrate my birthday.  We placed our orders and when it came, I noticed that my order and my boyfriend's order looked identical. Given we ordered 2 different steak meals, I knew something was wrong.   I ordered the prime rib eye and he ordered the New York strip so they shouldn't have looked like the same meal.  I told the server who gave a blank stare and then we were told that he could keep the WRONG meal for the same price as he was supposed to pay. In other words, STILL pay $39 for the wrong steak. 

My boyfriend refused and so they said they'd make him the correct meal.  So here were the 3 of us and my sister and I were left to eat with my boyfriend watching. It was VERY uncomfortable.  My sister asked for the manager while we ate.  We finished our meals and his food wasn't yet served. In the meantime, we were SUPPOSED to share a lobster mac and cheese (though finding lobster in it was rare) and mushrooms. My sister and I took our share but my boyfriend's was left getting cold, waiting for his meal.  When my boyfriend's meal finally came, his fries were flooded with salt and that apple dessert was disgusting.  We had to watch him eat and that was uncomfortable too.

The manager thought what happened was totally fine. In fact, he called my sister and I rude for speaking up for what happened.  We were far from rude.  He told us never to return, which was unnecessary because we had no intention of ever going there again.  In my entire life, no restaurant ever told me to never return.  The fact that he insulted us for THEIR mistake, made it even more offensive.   I contacted the owner and he did nothing.  

If you are looking to ruin a celebration or for a nice night out to turn nasty, go to this restaurant. If not, stay away!!!

-------------------------

Reply to Gary S's comment below (he seems to have removed it since it was deceptive and I addressed his issues below. I'll keep this on in case he puts it back on): 

We were not rude or abusive in any way.  We did tell them of their mistake and unlike what Gary said, his feeling was that my boyfriend paying $39 for the wrong steak was fine.  There was a party near our seats and they weren't even aware of what happened. Had Gary been telling the truth, they would have noticed.

The free dessert for me alone was prearranged and had nothing at all to do with what happened. It was a celebration for my birthday and I told them about that free dessert offer elsewhere so the owner John Pappas prearranged it.  As with all the errors made there, I had to explain all that at the restaurant even though I wasn't supposed to have to. In other words, they messed up our arrangement for a free dessert. Incidentally that apple dessert was like oatmeal.  Stay away from it too. 

I did not throw anything at the window.  I had a touch of food left over since my boyfriend didn't want to eat the cold side dishes that 1800 degrees didn't rewarm.  I decided not to have any reminders of such a bad experience. I merely dropped it on the street. I never did that before but I didn't want to go back into the restaurant to give it to them.  I didn't see a garbage can nearby. Perhaps I should have taken it and thrown it in the trash like it belonged. I'm sorry about that.