I loved this place. My girlfriend and I would come every single month. We love the lunch and dinner specials. I would get two I miss you rolls and a Salmon skin salad every single time, while my girlfriend would get a miso, tamago, and I miss you. The service was always good. The food was always good. 

Until last night. My girlfriends family came to vacation, from Hawaii. They were in the mood for Japanese cuisine. At first, we went to Jjanga, not knowing they were closed for renovations. After seeing them closed, my girlfriend and I wanted to bring them to our favorite Japanese restaurant, Kobe. We wanted to boast to them and show them how good this place was. Unfortunately, that didn't happen last night.

We were a party of seven, including a baby. There were maybe two other parties -small parties-  in the entire restaurant, both seated in the back of the restaurant. We walked in, was greeted, and lead to a table in the front. Good sized table. It could definitely fit all of us without hesitation. As soon as we were about to sit down, one of the servers told the other server to have them sit in the back, near the other parties. Let me repeat myself, we were a party of seven. Mind you she was trying to sit us at a booth, with an extra chair at the end LOL. 

Let me try to paint the picture in your head. There were seven menus laid out on the table. Three on each side and one at the end. Are you still with me? Cool. Grandma and uncle sat down on one side. Myself and my friend sat down on the other side of the table. That's all who could fit at the table. LOL. To make matters worse, when we asked to be seated elsewhere cause we OBVIOUSLY could not fit on this child sized booth, you know what she told us? Try. Try... TRY to squeeze on this table. The best part is that while she was telling us this, she was also in the process of taking a table from another party, to give to us. This party wasn't even done eating, yet she had the audacity to try to take one of their tables to give to us. What in the actual fuck? Needless to say, we walked out and went to outback steakhouse after.

Three parties in the entire restaurant, ours the biggest, and we get sat at the smallest table in there? Yeah. No. What the fuck, Kobe? 

My family will not be returning here. My girlfriend and I will not be returning here. If I could give this no stars, I would. Goodness.