Really?  Such good reviews?   I seriously don't get how this place has all those high reviews.

What I liked:
You can bring your dog if you sit outside.
The sweet potato fries (after a dose of salt & ketchup.) Yum taste. (But they were really lukewarm.  Sigh.)

What I hated:
I get that it's health food, but absolutely everything needed salt to taste like anything.  I had a veggie flatbread, and was excited about all the veggies inside (including squash & asparagus!), but like I said, I had to add mustard & salt & pepper to make it taste ok - it tasted pretty fresh, which is good, but it still wasn't better than something I could've made at home.
The veggie flatbread was also supposed to have hummus in it, which I'm confused about  - because the little weird bit o' cheese there was was all pushed into one little corner, and I couldn't tell if that corner had made the flatbread gross and mushy, or if that was the tiny dollop of hummus, also hiding in the corner.  If it was hummus, it was not very good hummus.  Grainy & confusing.  & the flatbread didn't really have a good taste either. I wasn't a fan.

I would be able to give a lot more leeway over all of this if it wasn't frickin' expensive for what it was.  Me & my pal went at lunchtime; I had a veggie flatbread with sweet potato fries, no drink (just water), and it came out to $9!  My friend had a turkey burger w/s.p. fries & iced tea, and her meal came out to $12!  And she agreed with all my same points -  her burger needed major dressing up, her food was lukewarm, she felt jipped.  Seriously - you're going to charge us $1.25 to substitute in sweet potato fries instead of regular ones that would otherwise come with our meal?  That's crazy.

The people were nice, but the service was kind of slow.

There are so many good places around, I'm not going to bother going back here to see if other stuff is good - maybe if it was a bargain, but definitely not when I'm paying too much for what I'm getting. Sorry yuppies, I'm out.