First of all, let me just say that my wife and I frequent this restaurant at least 4 to 5 times a week. We know all the managers all the waiters and waitresses except for one manager and of all of those we have a very good relationship with. We've always enjoyed the service and the food and on occasion we might have an order that's not right but no big deal. Tonight was different, I have never been so frustrated as I was tonight. I ordered an Asian salad which they are making it differently now than what they used to. The salad was so wilted I couldn't eat it and I finally just gave up. When the waiter came back to my table I never said anything and I never complained but my friends brought it up and told him that that the salad was so bad that I just couldn't eat it. So the waiter apologized and said that he would go talk to the manager because there was only like maybe one quarter of the salad that have been eaten. It was obvious that there was a problem with the salad. So the manager comes which by the way is one of the managers that I don't know personally, and he gives me this excuse that the reason why the salad looks like that is because the chicken is warm and it makes the salad look like that. But that wasn't the reason why. The chicken wasn't even warm when they brought it to my table for one thing. And then it was obvious that the salad was not wilted  because of the chicken, it was wilted because it was just bad salad. So he apologizes and then he leaves. So my waiter comes back to the table and asked me if the manager had come to the table and asked me if the manager had  spoken to me and I said yes. And he asked me what  he said and I told him that nothing was ever mentioned about not charging me for the food. So he leaves to go find out what he is supposed to do and he is told by the manager that he explained it to me and that was good enough. The waiter felt really bad and was put in a bad position because he knows that we come in there all the time and I could tell that he felt very awkward. So on  the way out I have a few Choice words to say to the manager and he looks at me and says "What! I was going to give you your money back But that's not the way it was at all. He had a chance and he didn't do it and then all of a sudden he's trying to make it look like he had every intention to give me my money back. Needless to say I was pretty ticked. We have never been treated like that before at that restaurant
And let me just say that our waiter was great.   We could tell that he felt bad about the situation and he even offered to pay for desert but I declined.   It was not his fault. Poor professionalism on the managements part.