I really hate to write this review, but as I review everywhere I go, I will. I also hate panning neighbourhood spots, because I am a huge supporter of "eat local". However, this meal was truly a disaster from start to finish on every level. First, it has been open a year and a half, so kinks should be well ironed-out by now. Besides, this is their 3rd restaurant in the east end. There were only two staff waiting tables at 5:00 when it opened. We came for an early dinner with one of our sons who is 22. Second, this is a family neighbourhood, and my 5 sons were little once, too, and we used to go out early, too, but this place was out of control. The place filled fast with young families....fine....but for whatever reason, it seems to be accepted that kids can run throughout the restaurant from end to end, past patrons without kids, and that's OK. I don't know about anyone else, but I sure never let my young kids run around a restaurant :P So combination of parental bad judgement and no restaurant intervention? The next issue. When we arrived we were the first and only patrons. We ordered drinks - 2 Old Fashioneds and a beer on tap. The beer on tap took a good 10 minutes to arrive, and I could see our Old Fashioneds sitting poured on the counter. Just sitting. Apparently they had no bitters and no simple syrup (really?), so ran around frantically, eventually to a bar next door. Worst thing? They served us the Old Fashioneds that had been sitting on the counter the whole time, with much of the ice melted by the time we received them (about 20 minutes after arriving), and they were diluted and awful. At this point our orders had long since been placed, and the three of us kept hoping the food would be better than our experience so far. The food took 50 minutes to arrive at the table, even though our orders were handed to the kitchen first, and with no other patrons present. WHAAAAATTT? Still hoping for good food, as we were really hungry by that point, we were all let down. My son's nachos were horribly average at twice the price of those found in any cheesy pub. My husband's ribs were just barely OK. My brisket, their "specialty" according to them, was fatty on the top and dry as a bone halfway and down. And relatively flavourless, so I am wondering about how much smoking it got. There are 4-5 other smokehouses not far from my house, and this was, most unfortunately, the worst. You order sides separately. The fries were fries, and the coleslaw was good. We all had food leftover, just because we could not eat it, not because we were stuffed, and none of us wanted a doggie bag. Honestly, if you read my other reviews, you will see I am rarely this unhappy. To top it all off, we did not have knives, and one of the wet naps was unopened, but greasy on the bottom, so had clearly been served before. Yuk. I always SO want to love my neighbourhood spots, but this one was a trainwreck tonight, and sadly, we won't return.