Danger, Will Robinson! The Good Egg does not at all serve *good* eggs ... they are PROCESSED!

When the bill for our food arrived, the restaurant charged a dollar extra for an omelette to be prepared only with egg whites. I asked why. "Because it's more expensive for us," said the server.

"How can removing the yolk be more expensive? Aren't you paying for the same egg either way?"

"Unless you order an actual fried egg, all of our egg dishes are prepared with a mix."

"What do you mean, 'a mix?'"

"We buy pre-mixed eggs in a carton."

What in the WORLD!? 

It turns out that even if my aunt had ordered her omelette with the yolks (read: normally) it still would have been made from a processed egg product, manufactured in some unknown location by an unknown corporate agri-business conglomerate.

The menu does not disclose any of this. If it did, business would drop like a rock.

The manager corroborated the server, that egg-whites only actually cost their company MORE money than if they cracked open fresh eggs themselves. 

First, why would a company named The *Good* Egg use anything but actual and real eggs in ANY dish? (Whatever processed egg-ish product they are using certainly includes preservatives and God knows what else.) Second, if their processed egg product is indeed more costly, why is it their preference? As a business person, I will say out loud right here and now that the people in the restaurant are mistaken ... if the oh-so-important egg-ish stuff The Not-So-Good Egg pours on a fry griddle is so damned excellent then, well, the truth is that the only reason for this strictly business decision is that the product costs less, not more.

My family has been a customer of this chain - and this specific restaurant - for 15 years, and this not-fresh egg issue came as news to us. 

We were not offered a discount when paying for our four meals. The server and manager both told us that next time we are in we will know to ask for our dishes to be prepared with actual eggs. There will not be a next time.