My oh my! If only you knew the drama and the stress that us girls went through in order to choose which hotel we'd stay at in Vegas on our girls trip. We went from a slew of hotels to stay at... our heart was set on the Venetian because a) It's a 5 star hotel and b) It's sleek and sexy! Normally I stay at the Bellagio and my friend stays at the Wynn so we're used to NICE FANCY hotels... in the end we chose the Venetian and the Palazzo suite for our stay... 1400 square feet of ballin! Or so it looked like from the picture...

Arrived on Friday at 11:30AM to check in... my friend hadn't arrived yet so even though check in isn't until 3PM I tried anyway... LONG line to check in... LOOOOONG line! An employee saw me enter the velvet ropes and asked if I was checking in and I said yes... he said that if I didn't mind going up the elevator that was no wait to check in upstairs... score! So I went up stairs to check in... my room wasn't ready and I requested a couch with a pull out sofa sleeper but I was told that there were no rooms available with the pull out sleeper... but that if one was available Saturday they could switch our rooms... a lot of trouble if you ask me to switch rooms so I asked about a roll away bed and they said normally it's $35/day but they would give me one for free since no sofa sleeper was available. Brownie points for them! They said they would call me as soon as the room was ready but that they would hold my bags for me... easy enough. We went shopping!! 

I got a call around 2PM that the room was ready. My friend arrived at almost 4:30PM so we checked in thereafter. Got our keys and headed up to our suite... arrived at the END of a VERY LONG HALLWAY and was ready to see our pimpin suite... opened the doors and..............................................................................

was extremely disappointed. BEYOND disappointed! Um was this the same room as the pictures?!?!?!!? Cuz it sure didn't look like it. The rugs were worn and dirty. There was no L shaped couch. Just a dirty yellow "love seat" which didn't look very lovey. Two small chairs and a small table in the living room. The living room looked... empty. Pathetic. Lonely. Everything looked... OLD. The bathroom was nice so I'll give it that. But that's about it. We called the front desk about not having an L shaped couch which I was told we'd get when I checked in... he stated it only comes with a "love seat" and I mentioned it was fraying, dirty, and old and that it wasn't lovey or lovely at all and all he did was apologize. My friend and I were... confused. Debating on what to do. We were supposed to meet up with 2 other friends to go to the Wynn Buffet for dinner so we decided to go do dinner and talk about it. Talking was short. We hated the room and felt cheated! So after dinner we went back to the front desk, IN PERSON, no phone calls...

We inquired about having a room that was "more 5 star quality" and the nice gentleman helping us started to show us bigger suites in his book... we explained it wasn't the SIZE of the suite that was the problem... hell we had 1400 square feet which is practically a house!... it was what was IN the suite that LACKED 5 stars! We listed everything and then he did some researching... and he showed us a different suite at the newer Palazzo connected to the Venetian and asked us if we'd consider moving there... and we agreed. He even mentioned that our suite has yet to be renovated and that it is older but that they are renovating next year... helllooooo FALSE ADVERTISING!!! The pics look NOTHING like the room itself. Ughh it was GROSS! 

Bellman took all our stuff to our new suite in the Palazzo... and it was a BOMB ASS SUITE! (I'll write a review under Palazzo for that one)... but Venetian, you FAIL, an absolute EPIC FAIL... and never ever ever ever again will I even CONSIDER staying with you... lesson learned for me and my friend... BELLAGIO AND WYNN all the way!

Side note: lots of great shopping, TAO is an awesome club!... and the gondola ride outside is super cute!