I've been to a lot of Vietnamese restaurants and was excited to take my girlfriend to this one near her home in Surprise. 1:00 on a Sunday. We were seated and finally noticed at least 5 min later. After having plenty of time to go over the two menus, I was sure hoping everything was going to be worth the few extra bucks everything cost compared to every other Vietnamese restaurant I've been too! Sure the place looks great but good "customer" service and fair quantity and quality of food plays in as well. I ordered the Combo, Com Dac Biet, charbroiled pork, (ground pork patties?) kinda weird, Grilled pork chop, and shrimp served over a small portion of rice. My girl ordered the Bun Ga Nuong, Vermicelli bowl with Charbroiled Chicken it was tasty but the chicken was very dry. It took us a minute or two to taste anything as we didn't have any silverware and had to catch someone to bring us utensils...swear the waitress vanished. The real problem was when I was about halfway done with my meal and I still had lots of meat but no rice...I swear I got shorted on rice! So I finally made eye contact across the restaurant with our waitress and nicely asked her while pointing at my plate with at least 6 bites of meat left on it if I could just get just bit of rice to finish my meat with, yeah I was thinking like just a small condiment cup of rice would do it, right? Wrong guess...about 5 min. later a different waitress comes out with a rice mold on a plate, not a huge amount but at least twice as much as came with my $14 meal. I asked her if I was going to be charged for a side of rice ($3) she said she wasn't sure but thought so and I kinda chuckled and said really? She said she would go ask our server about it and was gone with the rice in a flash. I was sitting there thinking maybe I should have just taken it and been happy with my $17 lunch plate that I usually get at other restaurants for $9...naw!!!
I had just about finished the rest of the pork by the time the "manager", a kid about 18 came over with the rice at least a good four minutes later and asked what was up...we went over it again and he was adamant that if I wanted more rice I would have to pay for it. I said of course not, we were just about done anyways. Never saw the waitress again and had to flag down this "manager" a few minutes later just to get our bill. I was a waiter for years when I was younger and have never stiffed, until today! Whatever happened to customer service? At least trying to please your customers so they might come back? I'll stick to the non-"Hoity-toity" Vietnamese restaurants from now on.