At first glance/ taste it's an ok place... 
We showed up about 10 o'clock on Saturday my mother in law and sister in law got there first so they got us a table we came in sat down seems pretty nice they had cucumber water on the table and a cute little plant in the middle. The music was a little loud and for the size of the big round table I couldn't hear what was going on on the other side of the table. There were six of us total my husband and I and our two youngest children, and then my mother in law and sister in law. My mother in law ordered 8 chorizo omelette with fruit skewer, my sister-in-law ordered corned beef hash and a banana pancake thing. Husband ordered steak and eggs and had stuffed brioche which had banana and I had the corned beef hash and the stuffed brioche also. My son had  mickey mouse pancakes. And my 18 mo just shared from my plate. I will say that they do offer a ton of food well worth the $10+ plate price. Little tasted pretty good cook corned beef hash was a little bland for my liking. Service was good enough. The tables are not set up well it is hard to maneuver especially when it's busy.  There were a few table side issues that I normally just move on from, there were fruit flied all over our table... it was a battle while we ate but  this is a thing when you have food so I usually don't write anything when th is happens however it may lead into why I rate this a 1 star. The other thing is they don't grow in their strawberries and one of my strawberries had spider web or possibly just a dandelion fuzz either way I just question over to the side of my plate and ignored it. Again I'm usually not picky with natural imperfection its food  it grows outside, whatever. The coffee was okay but I like strong coffee nobody else at the table was impressed by the coffee. So we ate we paid we walked to her car.


Here is the reason for 1 star review* details not for squeamish 
My in-laws do not live with us and we haven't seen them for over a week so all of the following  directly relates to our dinning experience.
. My mother in law was already starting to not feel so great. We drove home and she was sick (headache, stomach aches). She rode with me and my husband and sister in law went out to go shopping. My mother in law experienced diarrhea the moment we got home. Being Saturday I had errands to run so I left to go run my errands while out my stomach began to hurt pretty bad and I came home, to experience the same diarrhea. My son also came down with headache/ diarrhea.  My husband returned from his shopping early because both him and his sister were not feeling great. The baby also came down with the same illness.

This is a classic food born illness. I'm not sure if this was just a bad day or if other people have experienced the same thing but when an entire family gets sick I feel like it's important to write a review so that other people might be wary. We won't be returning to this restaurant. Eat with caution.