Do not expect any hospitality from Jim Alexander if you are booking a private party here.  I booked the Serengeti room a little over a month in advance and was told by Jim himself that I would have great service and the best food.  It is important to me when I am booking a private party that I have a completely enclosed space so people can hear the speaker and see the presentation.  I paid my $150 deposit, worked out the menu and was ready for my evening.  The day of the event I stopped by the restaurant early to set up the projector and was told I had been moved into a different room that was not enclosed.  I wanted to know why I hadn't been contacted in advance and what had happened since that was not what I agreed to.  The manager, Michael Stauss wasn't sure what happened and went to get the owner, Jim.  Jim finally came out and said I was now in this room and that they would do what they could to make it right for me.  When I told him I still wanted the room I had booked, he stated with anger that I was NOT getting that room.  No explanation.  I told him I was confused on why nobody had contacted and wanted to know what the reason was for getting moved.   He then threw up his hands, said he couldn't deal with me and stormed from the room.  Since my guests were due to arrive in just a few hours, I had no choice but to deal with the current situation although he had completely rattled my nerves and upset me.  I was not pleased by the room situation during the event, it was still loud from the people singing happy birthday in the other room and although I was told people would be routed through the kitchen to get to the the main dining hall, they came through our room instead.  One man walked all the way through the room confused on where to go.  Other than the room situation, Michael did everything he could to make the situation better including sending me home with a bottle of wine and taking some of the extra fees off of my bill.  The staff was nice and professional and the food was very good.  One of my guests said it was the best salmon he ever had.  Still, after the event, I was emotionally drained that I had been treated so rudely by Jim.  Although the food was great, because of my experience with Jim, I would never have another event here.  At the very least, it is the responsibility of the restaurant to uphold their agreement with you.