Warning: I am going to be brutally honest here. I think people deserve that. I mean no ill intenet. Just giving the real deal. If you want good reviews, do a good job, its that simple.

Went and got a couple of sandwiches for lunch today. 

1. Roasted Eggplant sandwich with roasted red peppers made vegan style with vegan mozzarella cheese, italian dressing, and alfalfa sprouts on sprouted bread, panini style. Tasted awful! I ate half cuz I was so hungry, but couldnt bare to eat the other half. No flavor, my boyfriend even commented that it tasted like dirt, and he was right. 

2. Mediterranean Panini with hummus, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta, and alfalfa sprouts ona sprouted grain bread. Again bland. And those are some of my favorites things to eat. It was better than the egglpant sandwich, but thats not saying much.

3. Chocolate cake, vegan & gluten free. Again lacked the flavor, or had too much such as was with the icing. Icing seemed like it need to be whipped more, tasted very sugery (like the actual granules) and a lot of amaretto, and something that tasted chemical, its stung my mouth, was really bad. Anyways, seems like it lacked experience. You could taste each ingredient separately, should all blend together, it didnt. Threw it away.

They used to carry Chef Mayra's cakes, but have since have decided to make them themselves. They dont even come close to her cakes. They should go back to selling Chef Mayra cakes, if at least til they have more practice in the vegan cake making arena.

One good note the salsa that they served on side was good.

And I also would like to note that this is not the first post on this place. It seems that someone erased their profile on here. So I am restarting it. Hope they don't erase it again. As the say, if you cant stand the heat, get outta the kitchen. 

But, I really hope they get better and are able to server good food soon because we really need more organic options. 

So try at your own risk. But you have been warned. 
Thats my 2 cents. For what its worth.