I am a simple woman, with simple needs...like, I expect sushi at SUSHI D. 

Let me preface this by saying this is not my first time here. My friends and I went to UofT and have been on many occasions for some moderately-priced AYCE sushi. It's supposed to be reliable in quality. 

I'll start from the very beginning. We should've clued in that shit was not going well when we first sat down and the waitress told us there were not enough glasses for us to have water. She accommodated by giving us water bottles. Cool! Great service! Oh how wrong we were. 

We start to order various rolls, apps, sushi and sashimi. We were 6 people, but it wasn't too much food as we planned on ordering more afterwards. After ordering, we wait about 15 mins and get some rock shrimp. While eating this plate of rock shrimp, the waitress comes to us and says "We do not have sushi, is that okay?" Confused, we asked her to repeat herself several times. She seemed frustrated as we asked repeatedly...but can you fucking blame us for being confused when they tell us they don't have SUSHI AT A SUSHI RESTAURANT??? We clarified with her that they have rolls and sashimi. But just not sushi. Uh, okay. I guess we were okay with it. Huge mistake. 

For some weird reason, the only thing they would serve us in a timely manner is spider rolls and salmon sashimi. We ordered like 3-4 other rolls but they didn't come for an hour so we ordered it again. Did not come. At one point, I had to ask the waitress out of curiosity if spider rolls were the only thing they had. She said yes, as a joke, but I did not know she was joking due to everything that had happened. They then brought a dragon roll which had a shit ton of cucumber and almost no unagi even though the waitress claimed cooking the unagi was what was taking 1.5 fucking hours. 

I suspect Sushi D is a farm-to-table establishment. In that, they must raise the eels and tuna in the back and slaughter them to order. I don't have any other ideas as to why it'd take so long to get an unagi roll that actually had 90% cucumber only anyway. 

After 2.5 hours, 6 spider rolls and about 80 pieces of anorexic salmon sashimi, we gave up. We didn't get 50% of the things we ordered. We suspect the sushi chefs did not know how to make the rolls. And we just wanted to call it a night. 

The guys in our group left hungry and we vow to never return until maybe they have sushi...and food other than spider rolls.