My Mother and I decided to have supper here because it was close to the Adele show that we saw last night. I had seen the menu online and really was in the mood for seafood. We thought the prices were a bit high but I figured we are here in Montreal for a night out, we might as well eat somewhere nice. When we got there, there was already a line (expected) and we were told to wait 20 min. Since we were 2 we got in pretty fast and then we were asked if it was okay to shack up with two complete strangers because the restaurant was super full. Since we are the type to be social and enjoy meeting new people we agreed and shared a booth with another mother/daughter who were also in town to see the Adele concert. That was probably the highlight of the restaurant was meeting these people, because the rest of the time wasn't a very pleasant experience.
The waiter kept bumping me every time he needed to serve someone at my table or the next table. He couldn't speak English very well either and I ended up explaining to my mother what the sauce was in English. 
My mother and I ordered the clam chowder as a starter. The potatoes were too big in the soup, the clams were not appetizing (stringy) and...it was cold.
The entree that my mother and I had were the salad options.....now here was the biggest disappointment. Not only did we pay way too much for a salad, we knew by just looking at the salad that the lettuce/cabbage/carrot combo came from a bag. We had two different salads but the same bag mix. I had the Sushi Grade Yellow fin tuna salad. The Online menu and the menu in the restaurant clearly indicated that there was avocado in the salad.....there was none. So I told the waiter and he said that they had changed the menu and that I was the first person to ask where the avocado was. Ummm it is written on your menu! Change your written menu if you have taken away an ingredient from the dish. So after complaining he came back with a half of an avocado saying that this was the normal amount that they would normally give....in what? my salad?...yeah it was always supposed to have avocado!!!!! Also my salad was 10% tuna steak 5% diced mango and 85% bagged lettuce/cabbage/carrot combo from a $2 bag for 24$!!! sooooooooooooo overpriced for garbage!!!! Never coming back!