Horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE. 
I've been to oishii a handful of times and I was absolutely in love. The food was great despite the crappy service but with AYCE you can't really expect great service when it's so busy. This time around I went with new friends, raving about how good it was. LITTLE DID I KNOW I would NEVER be coming back again. We placed our first order and off the bat I find a hair in my soup. The waiter took it back to the kitchen and replaced it for me which I was fine with because mistakes do happen. You thought I was finished? WELL I'M NOT. We ordered their sushi and inside was ANOTHER HAIR. This time we complained again and was a little more irritated but the manager offered kind words and gave us drinks on the house. We finally brushed off the issues and tried to continue with our meal UNTIL WE FOUND ONE MORE GOD DAMN HAIR IN THE RICE. At this point we were so fed up and just wanted to leave so we complained once again and this time the manger had little to nothing to say but just to grab our dish and reply with "oh ok" and leave. We were so disappointed and honestly angry at this point after 3 HAIRS, free drinks didn't even seem like enough to compensate for our meal and our horrible service. Did I mention it took them almost 20 minutes for a glass of water?? We go up to pay explaining how we feel like we need to be compensated for our meal and free drinks didn't help because there was six of us and we got two pops and two teas (total of $8.50) which is nothing off the bill for something so disgusting in our food not to mention some of the cooks didn't even have on hair nets. He told us there was little he could do but offer us 10% off the bill with drinks included OR he could charge us the bill with no drinks included but no 10% discount. Either way both deals were so shitty. Also, we were a party of 6 so they added on a 15% gratuity which infuriated me for hair in our food and crappy service. Needless to say, I will never be coming back again and they should've had better customer service and offered more to compensate. Total trash.