I had to update my review on this place because wow how things have changed in the year that I was gone! Trivia night ok awesome should have a good crowd. We decided to stop in for a few beers not the trivia as I was in the office late.

Bartenders could not be more apathetic in this place. After standing politely at the bar (which was full with trivia players, but not customers asking for drinks) for over five minutes, I had to waive down a bartender. I'm not standing here for fun, I'm standing here waiting to be acknowledged. Asked for a beer list to which the bartender obliged, but had to go find one (another two minutes of waiting) then instead of letting me quickly read over it he disappeared again. The whole process of ordering a beer when no one else was waiting was literally a 10 minute ordeal. Then to make matters worse, prices have gone up here so I paid $7 for a beer I could get for $4.50 next door at Moo and Brew. Don't get me wrong I wouldn't mind paying a bit more for the same beer if the ambiance and service matched the up charge, but it didn't. The bartender was unenthused handling me the beer and when I said 'thank you' didn't even bother to respond.

But wait...there is more. Went out to the patio for a more quiet atmosphere the waitress stops by after a few shots of tequila to ask if we wanted anything else. I asked if she could bring another beer list and she responds that she is going to change a few of the kegs quickly and will be right back. Ok....two thoughts on this: 1.) bring me a list now, so I can look over it while you are changing the kegs 2.) this was an opportunity for you to sell me a beer already on tap while you changed kegs and lines and then sell me a second one based on saying its a freshly tapped keg. Needless to say the girl never came back with a beer list or my friends tequila shot. 

Also, note to management your staff lost the tab and instead of trying to clear the air they walked around asking each other frantically what we had to drink. Why not just approach us, fess up to the mistake (they happen, no big deal), and ask us what we had. Instead they put together a bill that was completely inaccurate. 

I heard through the grapevine that this place has new ownership (may or may not be true), but my advice would be to have a staff training ASAP. There are way too many bars in Charlotte with staff who at least act like they want to be there and value you as a customer for me to frequent an establishment where clearly I was not valued as a customer or a human being for that matter.