This is my first review of a restaurant, as it usually takes an extraordinary event for me to motivate myself to do so. This is one of those times. 

For the tl;dr version: don't ever eat here, ever. Worst food I've ever had, multiple hairs in mine and my girlfriend's food. 

The long version is as follows. As a Korean, I find it absolutely embarrassing their food is labelled as "Korean food". It's Korean food in appearance only; in reality, it's more like a pile of edible material that's used solely for substance, not flavour. It's actually quite amazing how they've managed to make their food look decent, but have absolutely zero flavour. To say this is "Korean food" is like saying a piece of old lunch meat between two pieces of mouldy bread is a gourmet burger. 

I ordered curry rice with chicken, my girlfriend ordered tonkatsu. The actual curry itself tastes fine; it tastes just like the prepackaged Ottogi 3-minute curry you get at a Korean supermarket, which is what I assume they used and then charged me 8 dollars for it. They then added "chunks of chicken" to it. Props to them for using all of the animal, but when the chicken pieces are cut as if a 5-year-old did it, complete with tendons attached to most of the pieces, maybe you're doing something wrong. 

But that's fine though, I'm generally not picky about food. I will not waste it unless I'm truly disgusted, and this was at least edible. As I was trying to shove the tasteless food into my mouth, I felt a piece of hair between my teeth. As disgusting as it is, I kept eating, trying to ignore that this event happened. Then... another piece of hair. I stopped eating. 

My dish and my girlfriend's dish both had hair in it somehow. I don't know if the "chef" is shedding, but it's actually quite impressive to have several pieces of hair fall out in 5 minutes of "cooking".

I ordered the kimchi side dish, which tasted great. Of course it would, it's clearly not made in-house and tastes just like the prepared mat kimchi you'd get at Galleria or H-Mart. But guess what happened? I wish I was joking, but a piece of hair was found in the kimchi.

Seriously, the "chef" should get their hair situation checked out, it's abnormal to be losing so much hair.

Only go here if you feel like punishing yourself. I'm sorry for being so harsh to the owners, but there's clearly something terribly wrong with their restaurant. It's embarrassing that this is the only Korean food on campus, and I hope that people will not think this is representative of it. I assume it's the owner that's cooking the meal. Please hire an actual chef, if the food is good then you'll have more people coming to your restaurant. But as it is right now, it's a place that no one should ever go to.