We really had hoped this would be our new favorite pizza place having moved here recently.  The pizza itself is pretty good - and I'm sure its even better when its warm and fresh.  We placed a pick up order on Friday around 6.  They told us it would be about 30 minutes - which is a little long, but we thought 'hey, they must be busy - which is good'.  We ordered two pizzas and when we got there they weren't quite ready so we waited a few minutes.  The restaurant only had about four tables seated so I am guessing most of their business must be take out.  There was a seemingly new person on the register because the other person at the counter was telling her about a 'regular' that just called in etc.  No big deal - we waited about 5 minutes, they called my name and handed us the pizzas.  I should listen to the little voice in my head that said 'check the pizzas' - even though the girl at the counter did.  But I didnt.  We got home and discovered they had one of the pizza's wrong.  So we called -and the girl 'Alicia' who had been training the other at the counter answered.  She apologized and said we could either get a credit on the account or come get a new pizza AND they would give us a free dessert or 2L of soda for our inconvenience.  Ok - it was a bit of a hassle as we live about 15 minutes away -but back we went.  Interestingly the Alicia said it would only take 13 minutes to cook a new one.  But less than five minutes later we got a call saying our pizza was ready.  It was ready most likely because it was the original one that sat there now for over 30 minutes.  My husband went into the restaurant to pick it up.  What he witnessed was either an ill equipped manager or ill equipped owner YELLING at employees behind the counter - very unprofessional.  She was rude and inappropriate.  When my husband stated he was there to pick up the pizza - he got a handful of attitude from the staff when he asked about their offer of dessert.  He told them fine - I'll take the 2L.  Walking out, he had to walk through the cigarette smoke of two of the delivery guys who were chatting about how slow it was. 

Needless to say, we wont go back - and based on other reviews you might seriously consider yourself warned.  Pizza is decent - but too many places around town for crappy attitudes and bad service.