This review is for a mid-afternoon visit on 2/27/13...

Disappointing.  This pretty much sums up our experience.  It was our first time at Tailgaters and short of something monumental happening, it will be our last.

The decor is ok, it screams pizza joint turned sports bar.  This works out and will be great come summer when trying to find a cool, dark place to get out of the heat.  The restroom was clean and interestingly, the only place where I learned of the daily specials (they were posted on the wall by the sinks) after we ordered (the waitress never said a word about them and we didn't see them anywhere in the actual bar/restaurant area).

It's all a downhill review from here so if you are looking for reasons to go, stop reading now!

We entered the place to find two people standing at the front desk and a sign reading "please seat yourself."  While the two holding the desk up appeared to acknowledge our presence, we were not greeted.  We selected a table away from the crowd in the bar because all the high tops appeared to be for larger groups and we were there to have a late lunch not get sh*t-faced on happy hour specials...

The first person to approach us might have been a manager and seemed concerned about how long we had been sitting without attention.  The main man asked about the on-tap selection as he thought a beer would taste good on the lovely spring day (remember we were primarily there for lunch not booze).  This guy didn't know the beer selection at all and went to the bar to bring us a list conjured up in some word processing program (not a formal menu).

He dumps this paper on us then disappears.  A few seconds later a different guy, clearly staff, appears and asks if we are ready to order.  We ask for menus and water and he disappears.  Within seconds we get a waitress who asks if she can get our drink order.  The main man orders a Kiltlifter and she zooms away from the table; I have to holler at her that I'd like whatever diet soda they have... This is the first time she seems to even notice I'm there.  My husband is a very handsome man but he isn't Brad Pitt!

She brings the drinks, in two separate trips, and we have to stop her from zipping off again to order.  She seems pretty put out by the fact that we want food off the menu and not just stuff from the Happy Hour app menu.

We get the HH quesadilla, the turkey bacon melt, and the bacon cheeseburger (ordering the cheeseburger should have been a moment where she could have offered the two-for-one burger special but she didn't).

The quesadilla arrives, it looks nice, the tortilla is perfectly grilled, but it's just plain cheese inside.  No seasoning, nothing special.  It is exactly as it reads in the menu and exactly what my 7 year old niece would make if I asked her for a cheese quesadilla.  

Our waitress cruises the table and inquires about the quesadilla.  When the man says "it's ok" she responds by asking if he wants another beer (he's not even halfway through the original 16 oz).  When he says no, she zips away agin (I'm out of water and could use a soda refill but she apparently can't be bothered with such trivial matters).

The food arrives and our immediate reaction is WTF????  The turkey bacon melt is made with bacon bits and chopped turkey that falls right out of it the minute he picks it up.  It tastes ok but again, my niece could pull this off...  The burger is damn near slider sized and literally hiding in a bun twice the size of the meat patty.  It had two actual slices of bacon and tasted decent but again no seasoning and it was within my the abilities of my niece.  The fries weren't worth eating, pretty sure they came from a bag in the freezer.

As we are eating, the waitress speeds past and asks how things are and again, the man says "it's ok" and she responds with "want another beer?"  When he says no, she's gone again (still no refills of water or soda).

We finish and pile our dishes and the waitress comes and removes them only now asking if I'd like any refills.  When I respond no, she takes all but one plate and disappears.  And we wait.... And wait...

Has anything about our visit indicated we want to spend one more minute in this place?  Our beverages are gone and we have declined more, the food that was edible is gone and we haven't ordered more, by my count, this is when the bill usually arrives.  Nope, we have to wave her down and ask for the bill and she seems genuinely surprised that we want out... She never smiled, she never greeted us, she never refilled beverages (only asking when the man clearly hadn't had enough alcohol for the food to be better than ok and after the meal was over), she never gave us a reason to stay.  

Not one thing about our visit gives us a reason to go back.

Save yourself the frustration of lackluster service by personnel that look more like biker-bar parolees than professional servers and marginal food.  Go elsewhere, anywhere, but not there.