Absolutely extremely disappointed with today's service and quality.
Utterly disgusted and will never return!

 As a regular customer with dietary /ALLERGY needs, which must be met each time, and have been discussed with the management on every visit,  AND REASSURED ON EVERY VISIT we are weekly visitors and we come as a large family of 6 each time, it's never a cheap visit.
For the  final time I was served none gluten free food, although as usual I have written my order down on a piece of paper, ALSO LABELLING GLUTEN FREE- clearly stating my gluten free allergy  also verbally (I'm always ordering fresh food or off the grill) and asked to speak with manager before my order, and as it was placed.  They mentioned multiple times she's coming and she never did. (Which normally she greats me and confirms all my orders) the waiters told me they are ok to take my orders....
Once my order came inn and I began to sample it, I realized it was all smother in sauces which normally it cannot be; those sauces are not safe for me to consume-not even close!!  the management knows this and above all else the kitchen staff -cooks MUST know... they even bring me soya sauce that is gluten free, so they know sauce is a big factor, long story short, most of my food was not edible and we again requested for the manager! 


 at the end of my family's dinner she arrived, we brought the issues to her attention and she simply apologized and confirmed yes all the food was not gluten friendly and began to take it away, Mind you, i didn't have the chance to eat ... after going back and forth and looking to resolve this serious health risk issue, we asked if my portion of the bill can be cancelled since I didn't have a chance to eat- the manager had to call the owner and later retuned with a NO! 
We were shocked!
 
We all felt we had terrible service, unorganized - uneducated and unprofessional! 
I didn't get to eat and came in contact with food that was dangerous to my health although I was reassured on every visit that it will be fine... and yet we had to pay for my sitting Near my family and watching them eat!

Shame on you!
This company has lost very good paying and loyal customers! Due to their ignorance-We made it clear that we will not return. Nor will recommend this place to any one else from here on! 

Good luck on your business. 
We are completely disgusted with the risk they put me under! And the way they handled this situation! Shame!