I was excited to try this place out because the reviews all seem positive and good with the pictures of the food looking delicious. Turned out to be a disaster for me and my friend. I now understand why everyone gives this place 4-5 stars, because the restaurant bribes you to write a review on Yelp to get a free drink or food item. I think more people should be honest and write their reviews without being pressure to make a good review just because they give you something free here. 

My friend and I wanted to try the pork hock plate so we ordered it. My friend wanted pork soup but they didn't have anything so our server recommend we get the kimchi soup which says it has pork in it. We asked if the soup was spicy and the server told us just a little spicy. When we got the soup, it was really spicy. My friend didn't eat much of the soup she was disappointed because she can't really eat spicy and our server said it was just a little bit but he lied and of course he didn't try to fix it or make t better he just told her to drink some water. What the hell is that? The soup also had almost no pork in it. They were very very very small piece and I only found 3 piece on the bottom and you have to like dig into the soup to find any pork and when you did it was super super small. Soup was very disappointing. We had a pasta side dish and my friend eventually finish it and she wanted more since the side dishes come in very small portion. She asked the server to refill on the side dish and she had to ask him 4 times before he went to refill it! On top of that our server never came to check up on us and our meal. My friend had to yell a few times to get his attention to come to us. 

I was super super disappointed in the pork hock plate as well. The meat was very cold, no flavor, and very hard to eat. I was so so disappointed. We asked to cancel this dish and asked to take it back and we would order a substitute but our server wouldn't let us and you have to remember we are at a Korean restaurant and their service won't be good as if you were at an American restaurant they would let you take back any dish if you were unsatisfied with your dish. We seriously just took one bite of the pork and everything was untouched for the dish. I don't understand why they wouldn't let you take back a dish if you were completely unhappy with the dish. They're ok with their customers being unhappy with the food? Yet they expect you to write a great review on Yelp because they're willing to give you a free item off their choice. 

Overall I recommend everyone don't come here to eat the food isn't good and our server didn't care about us at all. Go eat at Soyo, Magal BBQ, Hobak or somewhere else their food and service is way way way better.