Terrible terrible terrible. I don't think I could say that enough times. This was the second time I have been here. The first time wasn't all that horrendous. We were told to sit anywhere so we picked one corner of the restaurant to sit at. Not even 3 minutes into us sitting we get a wait staff come to us and tell us to move. They said they got a big party coming so they were going to move the tables together. Though I was not happy we got up and were moved to a table the staff told us to sit at. THEN.... 5 mins into us sitting there. They make us move AGAIN! And tell us to sit on the opposite side because they needed more room. My husband was really mad and was about to leave but we couldn't because we had already paid for our food and it was about to come. Little did we know this exact situation happened to an African American group of ppl. We got moved 3 times they unfortunately got moved 5 times and with that the staff was laughing at them. 
Our food came in. It was okay. We ate and left.
This second round comes in. I wasn't eager to go but we were passing by and saw this restaurant was completely empty. So we thought we would give it a shot. Little did we know again we would come across the same situation 
This time we had a big party of ppl with us. The wait staff tells us to pick a seat and sit there. We go pick the big table they have. We get comfortable and sit. 
He then comes back and says you can't sit here, and makes us get up and moves us to a much smaller table. He quoted by saying "this is a reserved table." 
I didn't see any reserved sign on the table plus he told us to pick anywhere to sit. 
Once that was done we go and sit where he told us to sit and ordered our food. Our food comes, that table gets a reserved sign on it AND GUESS WHO WE SEE SITTING AND EATING AT THAT TABLE? 
A gentleman came in alone and was sitting on a "14 person table" mind you we were 8. 
Never again am I making this mistake again. The food this time around was terrible. We didn't eat any of it. It was all left there. Rubber chicken. Looked like it was microwaved 10 times. The naan was thick and uncooked all the way. 
Just a terrible experience and waste of $100. Hold your money and go elsewhere.