This dump does not even deserve 1 star! I was looking forward to my second visit to Chipotle in my life and it happened to appear like a message from God after a long walk on the strip. The workers on the "burrito" line were great...except for the last two. One girl wrapped up your burrito in foil and the other wrote on them and prepared them for the cashier. The girl wrapping the burritos seemed like a robot and therefore didn't notice that every piece of pre-cut foil was a little too small to wrap the full burrito. This left a small 1/2 inch by 2 inch exposed area on the burrito. That's OK (I thought) as she finished wrapping, but then the retard flipped the burritio upside down and the next employee in line just slid the burrito down the counter to the cashier! SOOOO GROSS. You could tell they had a "rhythm" going as it was busy (as I'm sure it always is since it's on the strip). So once I told her there was no way in hell i was eating a burrito that had been slid on a counter all the way to the cashier, she seemed upset but ordered another burrito to be made right away. Then, I get to the cashier and order myself a Corona with my burrito. Corona pops on the counter but with a disgusting lime. It wasn't even a faint shade of green, it was brown and way squishy. Almost the consistency of playdoh. I'm not about to drink herpes in a bottle so I explained that the lime was near compost quality and the same lady that I complained about the burrito to went fishing in the lime bin. She came out with another lime that had a brown bruise on the skin and said "They all look like that" and I took it, because I am well aware of the bruising habits of limes in particular since Coronas are like water in my life. I could have debated on the difference between the first lime I received and the second, but I was hungry and really needed to start chugging the beer after my experience. Sorry for the INCONVENIENCE CHIPOTLE. I surely slowed down your process on that nice Saturday afternoon on the strip but why don't you serve SANITARY food. As far as I'm concerned, you should be shut down for health violations, but I am sure you won't be because most of the people ingesting your food are drunk and/or nasty and probably already have HIV.