This place is a MESS. 

So, the concept is great; games everywhere, cool vibe, outdoor area, etc. Where it fails absolutely is that it turned into a very young 21-ish hipster dump with people screaming like girls, lots of drunken antics (guys throwing other guys over their shoulders, a little sickness on the side) and a staff that has no idea how to control this unwieldy beast.

Let me address first the bar situation. Sadly understaffed. Will, the unkempt bartender whose ass crack I saw more than I cared to, was rude, inefficient, dirty looking (I mean, scuzzy) and completely biased toward those he served. If they don't fire this guy then he's obviously in with the bosses. Loser.

A girl with a tramp stamp (you can't miss it, it takes up her whole back) behind the bar with her face in the computer for a good solid 20 minutes (that's how long it took us to get a drink and I STILL don't know what she looks like) ignoring everyone at the bar, that she works at, for a living, to do nothing. Perfect. 

Well, that's about it for bartenders on a loud, busy Thursday night. A bar back that we'd asked to help us get oblivious tramp stamp girl's attention snapped at us like we were filthy animals who'd wandered in for a scrap. Maybe a little customer service training is in order. I THINK SO.

On our way outside to the back through the blasting music that was so loud that if you could hear yourself think you would tell yourself to leave, saw a guy passed clean out. A sonic boom couldn't wake this guy. Because that's how loud the music was and he was snoring heavily. 

Finally make it out to see a bunch of seriously young looking kids screaming about Jenga. The fabulous band (with a bass player!) couldn't be heard over the juvenile squeals and blocks crashing of this game that seems fun, but not when you have cool music to listen to. Priorities are not right here. 

We had one great bartender who came over and got us our second drink. She was sweet and very cool. I tried to hand her a tip, but she had walked away (??). I had to call her back. Pretty sure she's not used to that with this entitled whiny crowd. Ugh. I'd die if I had her job. Or, I'd probably go to jail for back handing some of those kids. Where were their parents??

Anyway, avoid until this situation fixes itself, it has so much potential. As of now it's just a joke.

As an aside I'd say to the manangers: if you want to make money it's not by alienating people who have disposable income to spend and allowing the college level brats who make minimum wage to take over. I'm pretty sure they're costing you as much as you're making, both in keeping the older crowd away and with the serious destruction they looked like they were causing.