This was my second time here, the first was a few years ago. This time we came here with a party of 4 (my wife and her parents), 2 were celebrating birthdays. We had reservations for 5pm but got here a couple minutes after 4:50 but because they open exactly at 5 we weren't allowed in and had to wait outside in the zub zero temperatures, while I saw the staff just standing around talking. After walking to Yonge St and standing on the corner looking at all the restaurants for a minute or two, now in retrospect we should've just gone to one of those, we walked back to Adega and were thankfully allowed to enter out of the cold.

They originally wanted to seat us at a booth but because one member of our group is claustrophobic we asked for a table instead. I could've sworn I mentioned this when I made the reservation but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say maybe I didn't. The waiter said they were fully booked but he'd go check. He came back in a minute and seated us at a table. Funny thing was, by the time we were leaving there was only 2 tables that were only recently taken - one had literally just walked in.

We started with a couple shareable platters. Then went on to order one prix fixe, the fish stew, and two specials which that night was sea bass, and one dessert in addition to the one that comes with the prix fixe. The portions were decent, but we didn't feel it was anything special. I was also a little disappointed that no effort was made for the birthdays like at so many other restaurants we chose in the past. It's not hard or unusual to have a dessert comped, or even stick a candle in the dessert we ordered just to make the customer feel special. Especially considering what we were paying (ordered wine & drinks in addition to the food). It wasn't a cheap dinner.

Overall I think the experience has diminished from my first time. At least the waiter was friendly, but other than that there was nothing special about it - nothing that would make me care to go back. Honestly, we could've had the same experience in a food court. I should've seen the pattern of low ratings from the recent reviews. Won't be back.