Overview: 

Good food, terrible service and incredibly overpriced even by Vegas standards.  This is one to avoid unless you're really desperate for expensive sushi and/or punitive omasake.

Food:

The food was good.  Sushi Samba offers a unique but odd blend of Japanese and Brazillian cooking.  The menu explains that there are Japanese people who live in Brazil but that doesn't explain how sushi and mashed purple potatoes go together.  

My wife and I wanted to order eel.  On the menu it said $6 for eel.   At most sushi places an order would be two pieces.  At SS an order is ONE piece.  I've eaten at some very high end sushi places, none would dare charge this much for eel.  The rest of the fish was similarly overpriced.  Rolls with four pieces were hitting $20, it was crazy.

That said, the eel was pretty good as was everything else I ate.  The oyster,  was good but cost the almost the same as the eel ($4 each).  My main course was a well cooked piece of chicken with an excellent purple mash.  I tried several other dishes and it was the only one I'd think of ordering again.

One veggie friend opted for the omasake and ended up leaving as hungry as he arrived.

Service:

The service was unbelievably bad on every single level.  Our server was nowhere to be found, we literally had to beg her to come back to our table and take our money.  The food came out at a pace unseen before.  Some items took over an hour to make.  Things like fish, which probably cooked for only five minutes.  Sushi took almost as long, even the simple to make stuff.  The waitress came by to explain that things would come out as they're ready because they have three kitchens.  Come to think of it, she said that to us at least six times.  Maybe they should have one kitchen that functions properly.

At this snails pace the waitress still managed to screw things up, ordering me the most expensive oysters when in fact I had ordered another kind.

All this pales in comparison to my friend who said he was a vegetarian and, at the pleading of the waitress, agreed to "trust her" and let her select things he'd eat.  He wasn't a vegan, but a vegetarian.  He ended up with a large plate of vegetables covered in teriaki sauce.  That was his dinner.  How pathetic. 

Atmosphere:

This place gave me a headache.  There were odd silent film strips running on the walls, insane colors all over the place and the typical loud Vegas roar in the background.  Of course there are few color palates I can stomach for that length of time.

Value:

This place was the worst value of any place I ate on my trip.  I spent $125 for two people and left feeling hungry.  High end sushi places rarely charge the prices this place charges and considering this was a step above "Rock n' Roll Sushi" they have no right to be charging these amounts for what are basic items.  

The friend who ended up with the plate of vegetables still had a $40 bill for himself.