I have been a LIFE LONG Paradise Valley resident, and have been going to El Chorro the whole time. I can't tell you how disappointed I am. El Chorro used to be the place we went when we wanted the El Chorro experience, and when we wanted a good meal. It looks like it is no longer going to be that place. Ever since they renovated, things have been slipping, now they have slipped so far I'm crossing it off my list. It's sad but it was because of their decisions.

Earlier this week we went in to El Chorro for for my father's 60th birthday. We had left an event and we going there for a drink and birthday dessert. We showed up and sat at the bar, the portion that is outside. First, we were greeted with a dirty bar. There was a bus tub sitting on the bar in front of us (which the bartender moved to the other side of the bar 20 min after we sat down), the back bar was a mess with employee's personal items, bar towels, and god knows what else, there were dirty linens falling out of a cabinet, etc.... The bar was dirty! 

Second, we wait for the bartender for about 2 min. to even acknowledge we were sitting there. He was too busy talking to one of the servers at the service well. When he gave us our menus we opened them up to see what we wanted. But we opened the menus and they fell apart. Instead of getting us new ones, the bartender watched us put the back together for him. We then ordered our drinks and a dessert. The drinks are the only reason there's one star (and maybe the view), they weren't half bad. At least he didn't shake my Manhattan. 

Third, we got our desserts and they were horrible. The brownie sunday. The brownies were either old or a very bad food service product. The ice cream tasted like it was out of a carton, and it had tons of whipped cream. I think they were trying to hide how bad the dish was with all the whipped cream. You're telling me that a place like El Chorro can't take the time to make their own ice cream and brownies. I could have done better in my kitchen if you gave me an hour. It was embarrassing. 

Fourth, my mother was very unhappy about this. I told her to call and tell a manager. I'm in the industry and I know if a life long guest had an experience like this, the manager would want to know about it - so they could try to fix the problem. But, instead of trying to fix the problem, when my mother called, they blew her off. She hasn't heard a word.

I went to work the next day and talked to a few of my friends/neighbors/regulars and they all said the same exact thing. They said El Chorro has been slipping for a long time and they aren't going back any time soon. We are the people that keep El Chorro open, especially in the summer. We are the people that bring our out-of-town guests for a good brunch or good dinner. That's not going to happen anymore. Let's face it, El Chorro is an institution, they are going to be there for a long time, and I hope they are. The views alone are worth going, even if it's a mediocre meal. But, They will no longer be getting my hard earned money. I hope this changes, and I hope they reach out. I would love for things to turn around, but my guess is, with this management, nothing is going to happen. We went for my father's 60th birthday, a big family celebration, and we we're very, very disappointed.