Service really downhill. After two most recent visits won't be coming back. I have been visiting Top Golf since it opened, it's where I take out of town guests to. I've never had a bad experience at the Scottsdale location. I've been to Gilbert 3 times in the past 6 months and it's insulting. Let's start with walking in the door. A pseudo security guard instructs you that each person needs to have a membership card. Since when? I've gone to Top Golf in Scottsdale with out of town guests, and we've used our existing membership cards. Then you sign up for the bay list (expected wait), then head to bar to order food/drinks. The bar/wait staff is usually good. The disconnect is the front desk/concierge staff. They text you when your bay is ready - maybe 45 minutes on a weekend night. Then they make you stand there another 20 minutes as they try to find someone to take you to the bay- meanwhile your food is getting cold. Also, don't even think about trying to coordinate the wait staff bringing your food/drinks to your bay because the front desk won't give you your bay number to give to the waiter. okay a few more go arounds to this nonsense- wait it gets better - you get the bay number, give it to the wait staff. The 'escort' to bring you to the bay escorts you to the elevator, opens the door, pushes a button and doesn't get in with you. No, you and your guests are looking at each other like WTF? Then you get out onthe third door and the escort is waiting for you at the end of a corridor. Then you get to your bay, and yes, your food and drink has beaten you to it. Oh, and the front desk staff doesnt know how to prioritize or greet/handle guests, at best it's a bunch of high schoolers who just want to be chatting with each other. Okay, back to the bay, now you start to golf - well, not all the holes were lighting up, we're pretty sure some holes were malfunctioning. And then the guests at the bay next to ours brought a dog to the bay next to us. Now, I won't even go down this rabbit hole of why a dog shouldn't be at a golf range, restaurant, and on top of it a third floor. So if you want to pay $45 for an hour of malfunctioning golf lights, another $25 minimum per person to eat, and then put up with the nonsense of the security guard, front desk staff, mystery elevator ride, then by all means come. One final note- again the restaurant/bar staff were all great. I suppose it's because they have to be adults to serve alcohol.