I just ate at this what appeared to be great restaurant. I am actually shocked right now to see the reviews it has gotten. Maybe the others who have wrote on this didn't have the same waitress that I had this morning... 
After going to the gym today I stopped by for brunch. I was greeted by a miserable old waitress... When it was time to order I asked her a simple question about a menu item and she for some reason became incredibly sarcastic and rude. In fact she tried to make me feel stupid as if I should have already known the answer to my question although I had never been here or even heard of this resto before. I simply asked her about the #3 breakfast that comes with a steerburger (let me add it was more of a steer meatball) and my meat choices for this because it came with several choices. I said is the steerburger 100% beef. She must have not understood sthg because she became aggressive, in my face rolling her eyes and said "of course it's not all beef. It's bacon and sausage. It's made from pork. I said no I'm referring to the burger. She said well yeah it's beef.
They've been making beef burgers here since 1958. I know that by me explaining the situation here it doesn't sound nearly as bad as it was being in it because you would have had to see this woman and how rude she was. She made me feel like I should know sthg I didn't already know. Throughout the meal she didn't come to the table at all not even to tip up the coffee or ask if everything was okay. The restaurant was not busy at all during this time. I was so upset the entire meal with how we were treated that enjoying the meal was difficult. It was not at all an enjoyable experience. I'm actually happy she didn't come back to the table because I was ready to make a scene. I consider myself a really nice, polite and caring person and just could not believe this woman was serving people. When we asked for the bill I couldn't even look her in the face. She goes and brings our bills back to the table and had circled on our bills "service not included" as if we are stupid and didn't know this. Anyhow she knew what bad service had been given and we were not impressed. I then paid with my credit card and put in only 10% tip. She looks at me and says 10%!!!! I didn't respond. I wanted the hell out of there. When I have a chance I will be messaging personally the supervisor or owner of this restaurant. I dine out a couple times a week and even have a food blog. I can guarantee I will never return to this restaurant again nor anybody I know. Good service is just as important as the food and really the breakfast wasn't that great either. The burger was the size of a meatball and the so called hash browns are basically over cooked curly fries that are full of grease. I ate one and left the rest. 1 star is being generous! The meatball did have good flavour though