This Wendys is a joke, Unfortunately it is not the funny ha-ha kind, but the ironic sarcastic kind.  I stopped at this location just 5 minutes ago.  Went through drive through.  I always order the same thing, breakfast mornin' melt Panini, bacon.  No combo this time.  3 of 5 times, including today, I've gotten sausage instead of bacon.  It's annoying this time because they even asked me at the pay window to confirm bacon.  Big ol' piece of nasty sausage instead.  They also removed the Tomato this time which I enjoy.

This location was redone, however it's still kind of dingy.  They have the coke freestyle machine but you might as well not go there for that - many of the flavors either will run out on you mid-drink, or not be available because it isn't monitored/refilled like it should be.

I used to visit this location frequently, but there's another (better/fresher) sub shop that opened up just down the road - Mad City Sandwiches.  My coworkers and I go to this location instead of Wendys now.  This particular location is a literal joke at my place of employment - Going to Wendys?  Make sure to have an extra 15 minutes and to check, check, check your food!

I've complained to Corporate before about the lack of accuracy of the food, this has been a consistent issue for the last 3 years I've been going to the location.  Not a word back from Wendy's.  Footnote: They don't care, do not expect them to change.  The same people have been working here for a long time, and they may have gutted the exterior and interior, but until they gut some of the employees out this location simply will not change.  I would suggest a change in upper management of this location - Staff reflects leadership, and the leadership is poor.

As far as people saying they've gotten sick from the food - I haven't gotten sick personally, but my job is very close to this location.  I've seen co-workers get sick from eating there.  But you have to have a bit of a iron-gut for Wendys.  Let's face it - we all know the hamburgers are so pre-processed and actually proven to be /bad/ for you (like McDonalds).  If you are used to eating lighter fare, salads, and the like - prepare to spend quality time with the toilet.