I have given this place 1 star because based on what it says before the star descriptions I wouldn't even specify this as an I've had worse. It is in one of the bottom 5 restaurant experiences I have ever had in my life.

I used to go by Scallywags for drinks all the time years ago when I lived in the area. I am not sure what has changed but after my last visit I don't plan to return.

I arrived with some friends as part of a large group (around 30+ with a reservation made well in advance) to watch the Toronto FC vs. Santos Laguna CCL semi-final game.

The waitress started off well and took our drink order on arrival. As a bar that used to be known for their Guinness, I learned that this had been switched for a Mill St. alternative which is "very similar to Guinness" (it was not). During this time I had a chance to look over the menu as I was quite hungry at the time. My girlfriend also arrived about 5 minutes after and didn't get her drink order in with the first order. This is where things started to go bad.

First problem. It took them about 15 minutes into the game to figure out how to get the sound to work! This is a bar that is known to be the home bar for Liverpool FC supporters in Toronto and they can't figure out how to work the sound!?!?

We both by now had time to look over the menus and were ready to place our order. About 10 minutes had gone by since my girlfriend arrived and the waitress finally came by and when she tried to order her drink she was told that she was still trying to take other people's first drink orders and walked off.

Finally she comes back, takes our orders and the waiting begins. The food was out in a reasonable time but by now over 20 minutes had passed and my girlfriend still hadn't received her drink. We flag down the waitress to see what is going on and she says they are busy and it will be out soon. 25 minutes now passes and I tell her it might be best to just go to the bar and order her drink as we notice that is what other people in the group have started to do. She tries this, but is told that they are making her drink in the next few minutes as she walks to the bar. Finally around 30 minutes the bartender comes by to tell her that they have run out of the item she ordered! No apology, just asks what she would like instead. This situation created a negative mood at the table as the game was almost halfway through the first half and no drink.

Next problem. The food. I ordered the chicken wrap w/ ceasar salad, and my gf ordered the chicken burger. I have never had a worse chicken wrap in my life. All ingredients inside were overcooked, there was no sauce whatsoever making it even more dry and it contained some of the most disgusting spinach I have ever tasted. Fortunately the waitress took both these items off our bill when we explained to her that my girlfriend couldn't even bite into her chicken without hurting her teeth (it was that hard!). We were offered something else but given both our dishes were this bad and another person at our table didn't like theirs either we figured the problem was not with our choices, but the person or people preparing the food.

In the end the waitress made up slightly for some of the service errors at the beginning but it was a little too late at that point. I understand places can be busy and understaffed but that is no excuse for just ignoring us when we ask things and saying she is too busy at the moment.

I remember I used to enjoy their rooftop patio in the summer for a drink or two and they are probably still good for this as long as it is not busy, but I would not reccomend this place to come watch a game or have food.