We stopped back in for a quick dinner before my boyfriend's son's baseball game. 

If there's one thing from this that I'd like to communicate to some sort of management there: Your staff does not care, nor do they want customers to even come in. Or at least that what it seems like. And if your staff is that bad, not even your food or awesome beer selection can save you.

The food isn't even the bad part. My buffalo chicken salad, although simple, was good. They let you pick from the sauces and the spicy garlic is delightfully spicy. They throw that on some iceberg, celery, tomato and cheese and it's good. Plus, their homemade ranch dressing is spot on (don't judge me!) 

But the service. Jeeezus. Did they put out an ad calling for all bitter, angry females stuck in their 2002 high school glory days? We walked in and the hostess literally refused to even look at us, let alone seat us until she figured out the damn popcorn machine (and trust me, although not rocket science, it took her a good 7 or 8 minutes.) After waiting, staring at her uncomfortably fumble with this machine for almost 10 minutes, she then, with an attitude, sat us. 

We had about .5 seconds to choose what we wanted from the menu and when we asked her for more time, she left us alone for about 20 minutes. Cool--I'm now 86 years old and can order my food. Mind you, this place was empty. Not kind of empty. Empty. There was ONE table behind us, and I'll get to that in a minute. 

Once it was the year 2025 and we finally got to order, the food was fine and she was quick with the tab, of course, since she wanted to get paid. But what really threw me was the absolutely awkward conversation she had with the table behind us. It was so bad that I almost intervened or called the manager. Basically what happened is all four of them (totally nice people) ordered the soup of the day. When our waitress came back to check on them, they politely told her that the soup was so salty it was borderline inedible. Not her fault, obviously, and not one of them blamed her or attacked her for it. But she literally DID NOT know what to do with that information. After a lot of "ummms" and "wells" she finally spit out, "I don't really know what to tell you--I can tell the cook that it's not good, but I don't know what you want me to do." Bahahahahahahaha ha ha ha. Maybe you could apologize, offer to get the manager, take it off their check... have SOME plan of action. 

I have no tolerance for this bratty, "I don't give a crap, I'm off in 15 minutes" attitude in the service industry. I've been there. I've bartended for years. You don't treat paying customers like crap. Listen, I'm sorry Ashley or Tammy called you in on your day off, but if you hate your job, there are plenty of people out there who would graciously take it off your hands and appreciate it. Trust me. 

If you have any desire for even half-assed service, don't come here. You probably won't even get that.