This is by far one of the WORST experiences I've had ordering food. My PREGNANT daughter in law wanted some food after taking care of my grandson all day and was exhausted and hungry, she found Sophia's on Grub Hub and placed an order. We placed the order around 10:40p. The delivery time was supposed to be between 11:30-11:40p. It didn't get there till after midnight... so we were waiting for about an hour and a half. The food arrives and the entire order is wrong. We asked for pepperoni and got cheese pizza. The wing order was wrong and our fries were missing. 

We contacted Grub Hub the next day because we were obviously too exhausted to deal with the mistakes that night. It took Grub Hub about a day to get in touch with us and they offered to refund us $2... what a joke! So then we contacted Sophia's the next day. A manager answered and said he'd have to contact the owner. I asked him if he had my number and he said he had it in the caller ID and that the owner would call me back. She didn't. So today (third day of trying to take care of this), I call again. 

A woman answered and was trying to give me the run around yet again. As I patiently explained what happened, I started getting more and more aggravated as she kept insulting me by saying things like we should have called that night since they are open for 24 hours and that we couldn't have been too tired to call that night since we ordered food late... seriously??? We ordered food 1 1/2 hours prior to its arrival. Not all of us stay up until the crack of dawn. When I told her the pizza didn't have pepperoni, she said they put the pepperoni UNDER the cheese. Who are they trying to play here? There was NO pepperoni anywhere on that pizza. We took one bite because we were famished and it was so gross we had to throw it out. We tried to eat the wings and they were so bland, we had to toss those too.

Finally this woman agreed to refund our money but that she was going to report us to Grub Hub to blacklist us. Seriously? I'll be checking my account everyday & if it doesn't come through I'll be contacting Channel 13.