I'm so upset to have to rate this restaurant so low and it is all because of management. What could of been an excellent dining experience was ruined by the goons they have as management. There are a lot of restaurants that treat their employees like crap even when those said employees are very pleasant to the guests. It's another whole different thing when they bully and derate their staff in front of customers, especially customers that are paying a hefty price for their meal. I don't need to see that or hear managements grievances with their employees. The reason we go out is to enjoy our meal in a pleasant and relaxed atmosphere,  this was not.

The evening started with a chef ( I am guessing ) yelling at the bartender that was showing me to the restroom, yes in front of me!! No regards for a guest feeling uncomfortable, I guess how he felt or what he needed to air out was more important then a guest's dining experience. 

I decided to forget about it and just enjoy my evening. We had the grilled octopus that was lovely and the wagyu tartare!! There were few interruptions to our meal with management coming to the bar looking irate and speaking to our bartender about one thing or another and it was obviously upsetting our bartender getting yelled at from time to time in front of us.

We ordered the lobster that was overcooked but the sweet corn flan was delicious that came with it. At this point 2 different managers that looked like 2 different versions of The Incredible Hulk came behind the bar and were yelling at her ( the bartender),. She told us they were sending her downstairs because it was busy.  She returns and it seems like her and management are having some kind of altercation.  ( again in front of us) She begins to cry  and told us they sent her home. So we decided to get our check and leave although we were going to order more food.
 We really wanted to pay her for our tab so we can tip her but it seemed like she had to leave now!!  We finally get her over there to take her tip money before she leaves.  Horrible experience!! One of the managers said he was going to take care of us for the rest of the night. By this time we were so disgusted with their unprofessional behavior that we wanted to leave and never return and we told him  that as well.  He proceeded to say that she should have not behaved like that. I am sorry you are a manager, you should not behave like that! You should have the tact and professionalism that your tittle implies. Instead you have no regard for your guest and their experience!! You have a problem with your employee take care of it behind closed doors, not while I am eating my $70.00 dollar lobster!! This was a very slow evening on top of it and they have 2 unprofessional managers on?? That's a joke. The worst dining experience I have had in a long time!! if ever! 

Later I speak to others that witnessed the same kind of behavior in the past. I don't believe a place like this should be supported by anyone!! Especially if you work in the industry!