Where do I start ? I've been here many times in the past and the service gets worse and worse. Party of three arrived at the door. Hostess and waiter Tylen were the only good thing that happened on this visit. We were quoted 30 minutes wait, it ended up being 15. Great ! Our waiter Tylen came by and was very personable and happy, unlike the rest of the waiters we've had to deal with. We ordered a tea with milk and a latte. Tea arrived without milk and had to wait for it. Ordered a simple cheesecake and strawberries, crepes with banana and Nutella and a banana split. Cheesecake arrived, 15 minutes went by and nothing else arrived. Two waiters walked by asking how everything was , both times we told them we were missing two out of three dishes. Their  answer, " it's coming ". 35 minutes went by and I got fed up with waiting so I told the other waiter working to cancel my banana split. Latte was cold and almost finished. No apologies but just a simple " oh I see it, it's there". Tylen came later on to apologize and told us that 3 out of 4 "cooks " in the kitchen were brand new and had never worked on a Friday night during rush hour. Experience was once again ruined since only two out of three people ended up having desert. Bill came and they had the audacity to charge me for the only thing I had at their establishment, my $7.00 latte. The crepes were discounted but considering it was me who didn't get to enjoy the dessert, it was very disappointing. Here are some pointers Cafe Demetre's . Coming from somebody who works at real restaurant where we take pride of what we do and and the products we serve, take notes :
* if you indeed are running a weak kitchen for the night with 3 out of 4 so called cooks, inform the customers, so at least we know what's happening behind the curtains as we wait for almost 45 minutes for a simple dessert. 
* in our order in particular, two out of the three items were cold items, why not just make the crepes first and once the crepes are ready, place the frozen cheesecake with the strawberries on a plate... as the other one scoops three ice cream scoops, slice a banana and puts some whipped cream on top and send everything together at the same time. It's not rocket science. 

I understand that maybe our expectations were a bit higher, I mean... who expects to get all desserts to arrive at the same time so all guests get to enjoy them. But due to the Mickey Mouse operation they seem to be running at this so called restaurant, this was my last visit. I want to end this review with praising the Hostess working yesterday and Tylen of course who couldn't have apologized enough for the screw up. His colleague ( chubbier version of Tylen ) needs a lesson on customer service and customer recovery as well.