I normally don't leave a review this low or long, (especially not typing on a phone) but I just received the most offensive sandwich ever from here. I've been here once before and ordered the turkey sausage, egg and avocado croissant. I have a doctor in that area that I have to see so it's the most convenient place to stop by after the appointment bc I have to fast leading up to the appt. so clearly I'm hungry... oh and I'm 6 months pregnant. So today, I have this appt where I've fasted and now I need to grab a sandwich before another appt... I order the same croissant as last time, which I should note doesn't taste super flavorful or amazing but they are nice and it's close. Problem is, there's no close parking... but I'm in a good mood so I waddle my pregnant self the 5 minute walk to the restaurant. 

It's completely dead inside. Me and one other couple. The cashier notes that it's been slow all morning. I order the same egg, turkey sausage and avocado croissant and add a mini crepe to finally taste what they are known for. It's ready in about 3 minutes which was my first point of concern. I waddle back out to my car and start to open my food to eat bc I have to drive to my next appt. Yall... this croissant.... was embarrassing. 1. It was completely missing eggs. Not a single egg. 2. There was like 2 pieces of ripped apart turkey sausage that looked dry and like a rat had been chewing on it. 3. Mushy tomatoes which fell out as soon as I picked up the eggless empty sandwich and got all over my paperwork from the doctor. 4. Some unmelted shredded cheese and some sad lettuce. 
Honestly, I didn't take a picture bc now my pregnant self had to waddle back to the store to return this mess and still make my next appt. on time. Part of me wishes I had so the owner could see the type of food being put out when the restaurant is DEAD ASS slow. 

I wouldn't have even written this had it been a crazy busy Saturday morning and I'd received an otherwise edible looking sandwich with appetizing looking turkey sausage and fixings and in their haste the eggs were somehow left off the EGG sandwich. But again, it was empty and I got a sandwich that looked like I had inconvenienced the staff by even ordering it. Ugh. I digress but I won't be eating there again bc that sausage looked old as ever and maybe the eggs just hid it last time The cashier gave me my refund but really no excuse although he looked at that sandwich and looked super embarrassed. There was really nothing for anyone to say. I just got my refund and left.

As an update... I reached out to the manager as he requested below and apparently his response was just for show on Yelp bc he never responded