It was a VERY slow Tuesday night at the restaurant.
I made a reservation for 6:30 p.m.. The hostess who took the reservation was apathetic at best. She didn't repeat back the information on the telephone to ensure that the time and name were correct, she just said, "Yup."

Upon arrival to the restaurant the hostess who showed us to her seat just motioned for us to go to our seat  and did not specify which seat. She should have just walked us to  a row, containing six different tables to show which table specifically, but instead she rudely pointed and had us guess which table she referenced. Seriously? ! 

 We waited 15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us, and when I asked whether or not a worker who walked by was our server, he simply replied, "NOPE! " in the most apathetic fashion possible.

At this point in time, my better half went to speak to the manager regarding the atrocious service we'd received thusly. The manager simply stated, "Well, I've never had any complaints about him before, all I don't know what to tell you." 

I continued to wait for water/acknowledgement from our server who had already walked by me 3 times without so much as a "hello, I'll be right with you." 

At that time I requested to speak with the manager "Doug" myself. I explained the situation that no one at the restaurant seemed to have any interest in providing any level of satisfactory service, and he simply shrugged it off and said, "Well, I hope it gets better." Instead of taking ownership of the problem and asking how he could MAKE things better, he apathetically walked away and did nothing.

At this point in time we had lost our appetites and our desire to dine at a restaurant who simply didn't care about the quality of service they provide. This is level of laziness is  usually reflected in the food as well.

"Doug" watched us walk out without any concern for losing our business, and I guarantee that I will NOT be back. As a professionally trained chef, I do not go out for the great food as much as the service, as I can create any dish I desire in my own gourmet kitchen.

This place is completely unacceptable any longer. This was my 6th and final visit to this restaurant. I used to recommend this place time and again to all of my friends who visit this fine city. I am flabbergasted that a city built on hospitality could have an entire restaurant full of staff who just simply doesn't care about their customers. Obviously they learned it from their manager Doug. These things always start at the top. 


NEVER AGAIN