Like a few others before me mentioned I should have taken a look at the reviews before visiting.

I ordered Thai beef jerky $10.00) as an appetizer and to their recognition it was tender, tasty and seemed like it was a high quality meat, however this would be the only good experience with their food that day.  

We dined around 2:30 so they still had their lunch specials running, my girlfriend and I both ordered the Mongolian beef ($9.99) which came with a soup and house salad.  I also ordered Thai house fried rice $11.00 + $4.00 if you want to add a meat).  They have a spice level of 1-4,  I ordered at 3 and she at a 2.



The salad would be as you expected however the dressing was extremely sweet, almost to a point that when eating the Thai jerky it changed its flavor profile and not in a good way.

The soup was a cream based soup and very bland.  When the main meal arrived I was shocked at how absolutely small the portions were.  I wasn't expected a main meal portion do to it being a lunch special however the portion of rice I would equate to an ice cream scoop and the beef contained less that a cup and was lodes high with rice noodles.  The food was bland at the very least and what flavor it did have was so sweet I took one bite and had the waiter return it.

I figured I would be content with the fried rice when it arrived but it had less flavor then the beef and consistency was more like uncle bens rice.

The waiter was professional and did take these items off the bill, but it was clear with one bite from each dish it was not enjoyed and he didn't ask for feedback but I certainly gave it.

The only thing I didn't add is the decor was nice but seemed very Americanized and the prices at this place are not on par with the quality.  Their prices seem more fine dining when it should be more like a fast food China a go go.

I have no plans on returning however if you do choose to go here I suggest ordering at a spicy level 4 and going before 3 and take advantage of the lunch special.