Korean Grill house is located on Yonge between Gerrard and Gould on the East side and is located on the upper level of the building (this is confusing, i have no idea what's on the bottom but I've always been taken upstairs).

I came here a few weeks ago with my coworker and was pretty pleased with the food and the price so I ordered some takeout to have back at the office. The Beef Bibm Bahb was just over $9.50 with tax and was ready when I went to pick it up. My coworker had this dish and shared with me the previous time so I knew it would be good.

A note here, it took forever for them to answer the phone, I was about to hang up. And the guy on the phone who took my order wasn't personable at all. Unfortunately, this is just a small part of the disappointment to come...

Get back to the office and open the container and it looks good, all the rice and kimchee and beef together topped with a fried egg and the hot sauce on the side. Went about mixing in the hot sauce and got down to eating. First thing I found was a short black hair. Since my hair is super long and light brown, its definitely not mine. Unfortunate because it was great up until that point. Did my best to cordon off that side of the dish and continue to eat since I was only a few bites in. That's one star gone right there.

Just when I thought the taste would still prevail, I crunch down on something so hard, I can't bite through it. Have to spit out the mouthful to get a look and it seems to be a piece of ceramic, eerily similar to that of the bowls they typically mix and server the bibm bahb in. 

Big, huge, massive disappointment. The food here that I've had has been quite good and for the price, you really can't beat it. But finding a hair in my food is bad enough to then be followed by finding a piece of ceramic in my food? That's a big huge fail and I'm only hoping I chewed everything well enough that I didn't swallow any ceramic and encounter any issues later on. My tooth still hurts from biting down on it.

Overall, good food, not worth the risk of who knows what being in your food. Fail to the N-th degree, I will NEVER come back here EVER again and I recommend the same to you. Avoid like the plague.