So wen't to SB81 after getting a Groupon to try the place, and walked away severely disappointed. 

Lets start with the service:
They have a patio, and having a dog we wanted to see if we could sit out with him! We called ahead by a day to make sure that we would be able to come with him, and were assured that it would not be a problem. Upon reaching, we requested a corner patio table to make sure we would be out of other patrons ways if they had any issues - this is where the problems started. 
The hostess was taken aback with the fact that we had a dog with us, and became very brusque. Upon informing her we had called in and asked she hurriedly sat us down. Within a minute we had a manager come on out, and aggressively proceed to inform us that dogs were not allowed at that place, and we better stay in that table and not go anywhere else so that other people did not complain. Classy. 
Throughout the meal we experienced snide remarks and digs at that, implying the fact that we should not be there. 
If you don't allow pets - make it clear and I well get food somewhere else. Or let me sit and treat me like any other customer. Unacceptable.

All this could be better if the food and drinks were the saving grace. Unfortunately, they were not. 
We ordered the Arancini as appetizers. The overall taste was decent, but was marred by the fact that by the time they got the dish to our table, it was already somewhat cool and soggy, and by the time we were able to get the waiter's attention for cutlery, it was worse.
For the main course we ordered stuffed trout (saltless, bought out fairly cold and the sooner forgotten the better) and the pasta bolognese (covered in a layer of shallots with meat that tasted like it came out of a hamburger helper box). 
Eeks. 

The food itself would make the rating a 2-star. Couple that with the snobbish and unhelpful staff, and rude attitudes, this is a place that is going to have to be a 1 star in my book. Definitely NOT a place that is getting my patronage again.