I, like many other reviewers, wanted to like this place so badly.  I loved the fact that it was off the beaten path and I wanted to support our local businesses (as opposed to the myriad of chain steakhouse restaurants). 

The short version is that this place needs a SERIOUS intervention.  It's straight out of the Fox Television show "Kitchen Nightmares."  If Gordon Ramsey doesn't walk through those doors in the next 90 days, the place will be out of business in 6 months.

Here are a few of the highlights:  

We had a reservation for 6:30 on a Saturday night.  Granted, that is really early, but the place was deadsville.  The room is beautiful, very hip but the music that was playing was Muzak--something reminiscent of the stuff you hear on elevator rides.  We asked the staff if they could change the music, which they were happy to do since we were the only people in the place.  However, after about 30 minutes, it reverted back to the elevator tunes.  That was really minor.

My husband ordered Kettle One martini and our friend asked for a beer.  No Kettle One and our friend was offered a Heinekin.  When he said he didn't really like Heinekin, he was given the option of Miller Light, which was puzzling in a sushi/asian restaurant with TWO giant bars.  Direct quote from our server:  "We had a large function last night so we're out of a lot."  I guess they didn't have time to restock the bar that day?  Bizarre.  Twenty minutes later, we finally received our drinks after watching a committee of people behind the bar preparing two martinis and two glasses of wine.  Alrighty then.  Our friend wondered why the orange neon price tags were prominently displayed on all the liquor bottles on the shelves? That's a classy touch.

From there, it was a downhill slide.  I don't think I've ever been in a restaurant where I can honestly say the service was worse than the food.  We were never shown a menu.  Instead, our server insisted that the chef wanted to prepare a special meal for us.  Caught off guard, we  agreed.  He then asks us if we want four or five courses, which would be pretty hard to gauge since we'd never eaten there.  We opted for four, and the server announced, "Okay, that'll be $160." When we asked what we would be eating we were told it was a surprise.  Oddly enough, I happened to notice that the only other table in the restaurant seated next to us was being "treated" to the same dining experience.  They pushed their food away and left quickly.  

On more than one occasion, a secondary server came by to remove our plates before we had finished eating--awkward--and literally took our glasses of wine away with several drinks left in the glass. In retrospect, I now realize that the chef's special invitation was nothing more than a ploy by our server to run up a large dinner tab or to unload the leftovers from yesterday's "big event."  

The food was OK, but nothing I would have ordered if I had been offered a menu.  Our first course consisted of 16 drummettes of chicken.  Not bad tasting, but certainly not easy to eat, and if you didn't like chicken on the bone, you were out of luck.  After what seemed like FOREVER, our plates were finally removed and the second and third courses arrived simultaneously. Bombarded with food, this consisted of four giant plates of sushi rolls--it was left up to us to figure out what they were--and two plates of steak skewers covered in some watered down wasabi dressing.  After a couple disappointing bites, I was ready for  surprise dessert and the check.

What arrived next can only be described as freakish--a smoking filet minion we were to share on "a 600-degree rock," which was an impossibility as a 600-degree rock would have melted the plate.  This strange twist was laughable. "Was this our dessert?" we asked.  "Sort of," the server replied. "But we do have one last surprise."  

Another 20 minutes went by and two drinks arrived that we hadn't ordered--a strawberry concoction, again with no explanation.  When we asked the server what was in it, she had to return to the bar and ask.  Later, two more drinks arrived for our spouses that were completely different.  Again, the server had no clue what they were or what was in them.  It turns out this was our dessert.  Check please.

At this point, I had to wonder when John Quiones from  ABC's "What Would You Do?" segment was going to emerge to ask us WHY we had sat there like MORONS being goofed on for three hours.  

You couldn't pay me to go back there--it's a lost cause.