I really wanted to say that this was a good place to dine and is fairly authentic compared to other hand pulled noodle places in downtown Toronto. But aside from the food I have to say customer service as well as sanitation was extremely awful. Because the front door of this restaurant is always open due to the restaurant's popularity, I found myself surrounded by the occasional flies, mosquitoes, and fruit flies. A fly managed to dive into my soup during my time here, and I told the waitress about it. I honestly didn't want to be unreasonable and cause a scene so I explained to the waitress about what happened since I had planned on taking the remaining half of my noodle soup home...

Not only did the waitress accuse me of lying about the fly, she also refused to acknowledge that the fly was in the soup when she brought it to my table (which I had never claimed was the case, I told her a fly went into the soup), she also said it happens all the time and I'm just supposed to accept that there will be insects in restaurant quality food. "There is nothing we can do," she said multiple times. And then I told her I wasn't going to pay full price for the lack of care and sanitation the restaurant refuses to acknowledge. With some back and forth, they were only willing to give me 20% off of the noodle soup I've ordered, and I barely consumed half of the order when this happened.

So this was definitely not a good experience for me and I'm quite disappointed at how they handled the situation. Normally in other restaurants they would immediate replace the contaminated food, but I honestly didn't expect them to argue why they shouldn't have to have the standard duty of care when it comes sanitation and clean food. I also am well aware that I am responsible for my own food, but as a restaurant they should definitely also acknowledge that proper insect and pest prevention should be in place.

So for those of you that want to try the place, the food was definitely authentic and good. But I would get take out rather than dine-in just to avoid insect free noodle soup.