If i could give you negative stars, I would. The service here from management is terrible. The girl taking orders on the register was more apologetic than Omar, the GM. I ordered 4 burgers a 10 piece nuggets and 2 fries on Friday night. I got home after a long day at work and bit into my burger, which I requested with no pickles to find 7 pickles in one. Throwing this burger out because of the sheer amount of pickle juice on my burger (which I hate) I tried the other burger I ordered to find not only a mass of pickles but the de-skinned top of an onion with the core/top still attached. I called and spoke to the night manager who was apologetic took my name and offered to remake the entire order as my husband ate without me that night (except from a few of their lukewarm hard french fries) and include desert for the inconvenience. Today I went in to redeem that order Omar said my name wasn't in the "book" and told me he would remake the burger but that was all. I told him that was not what had been promised and asked who the night manager was on Friday night, he told me that the employee is no longer with the company. When I said that what he was offering wasn't really acceptable as the fries even were sub part I asked for the franchise owners info so I could contact them. He then told me the best he could do would be to give me the 800 number for McDonald's, so I told him I would gladly take the number and contact them with my concerns but would take the corrected burgers since that is all he was offering and I went out of my way to go to that location. He then told me he was no longer willing to do that and that the customer service number would take care of me, and that I could leave now. The sheer unproffessionalism of your manager speaks volumes to the lack of accountability your staff and management team show. You should be proud of your job, whatever that may be, and hold yourself to a high standard. But if your management team doesn't even hold themselves to a high standard, no wonder your store has 2 stars for their reviews.