FOOD POISONING OR THE NOROVIRUS SERVED DAILY???

If you would like to spend two days on the toilet, barfing into your trash can, then Chada Thai just might be your kind of place. My GF and I had this very unpleasant experience recently, as well as missing two days of work , which cost us over $600 each.

I called Chada Thai when I recovered and asked to speak with the owner but  he was "not available" and neither was the manager. I explained what had happened and left a contact #. The owner never called, probably too self-important to deal with a situation involving violently ill customers. The manager, Bon called about 4 days later. I explained what had happened and asked if anyone else had become ill after eating there; he said "no" but he would start an investigation. Can't say I really believed him but...

Bon called me back about 3 days later and said that their investigation turned up nothing (Yeah right, what a surprise) and they were turning this over to their insurance carrier who would contact me within 48 hours. 2 weeks later I received a message from Mario at State Farm. I returned his call and explained when and what had happened and that we were 99.99% sure the dish that caused our illness was the CRISPY PORK BELLY WITH CHINESE BROCCOLI. He did not seem Interested at all.

Mario did have a lot of questions for me like; DOB and Social Security # but nothing about our illness or what had happened. I asked where this was headed and he said they had to file a report with the government. I asked what happens after that and is this a big waste of my time for no reason? He was very candid, NOTHING! Of course he didn't say that, more like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah but NOTHING was the gist of the conversation.

We had eaten there before and enjoyed the food but I would be scared to death to ever eat there again. I don't trust their sanitation and I was surprised how little the management at Chada Thai cares about their customers. If Diarrhea, Nausea, and Vomiting are your idea of a good time then by all means dine at Chada Thai.