Don't throw your money away by eating here. 
I REALLY wanted to like this place.  Especially because it's near my home and I want all the local businesses to succeed.  However, I've given this place multiple chances at correcting the problems they have and they've failed each time. 
Their bar and drink service is good and they have a nice inventory of premium beers.  Their location and interior is also decent.  That's where the positive ends. 
FOOD: The menu is good.  Execution is horrible.  They need to replace their "chef" and hire a professional cook who knows how to consistently put out food that isn't either raw/undercooked, or burnt. 
Ordered the Angus beef burgers on three separate occasions (separated by at least a month each time to see if they improved).  Burgers came out raw one time...had to send back.  They gave me a 50% discount for the error.
Next time: burnt.  The burger was so badly burnt that it's impossible to believe the "chef" and the server didn't notice with the smell and smoke coming from the plate.  Sent it back.  They took it off the bill.  
Fries: They come out raw/soggy in the center.  You can tell they use frozen products and they don't quality check their plates before serving.  This is a failure by the cook, servers, and most importantly, the manager. 
Yesterday, I tried falafel that was on special.  I'm not sure they know what the definition of a falafel is: mine was made with some kind of dough that was NOT made from ground chickpeas or fava beans.  Perhaps corn meal.  Either way, the "falafel balls came out cold and raw in the middle.  No seasoning and in a store-bought pita cold and dry bread that broke open and spilt my food everywhere.  Sent it back and it came back the same way.  They didn't even bother making me a new one.  They just re-fried my sent-back falafel balls hoping I would be happy with a hotter version of the same thing.  Again it was raw in the middle.  They gave us a 50% discount because not only did it come out in error, it took them 30 minutes(!) to serve our food in the first place.  This on a weekday during a lunch time. 
In summary, this place's kitchen has a failure from the top; which is management that ignores food quality and service issues.  When they discount or write off our bad food, we get absolutely no apology by the manager on duty.  This tells me they'd rather lose money than address problems.  I don't see how a business can survive much longer like this.