This must have been by far the WORSE experience I ever had in my life. Let's just briefly talk about the food because this is a food review. I ordered a chicken katsu bento box for lunch and it came out to be ~9 dollars tip and tax included. For the amount of food, that was good. The quality of the food was ok - chicken Katy's itself deserves a 3 stars. Miso soup? Ehhh it looked weird. The salad? Poor choice of dressing.

So my coworkers and I came here to have lunch. And for lunch time, this place is not crowded at all. Anyways, we were seated and and were provided ONE menu (for a table of 8 people). We had to ask the waiter for extra menus after a little while. It took the waiter a while to come and get our orders but he finally did. We waited a good 20 minutes and still no food. It's our lunch break so we don't have all the time in the world to be waiting for the food, we have to go back to work you know! So we asked the waiter how much longer and let him know we're in a hurry. Waiter said 2 minutes. Fine. Food started trickling out and he had to go through a curtain from the kitchen while carrying a dish. Curtain touched the dish and a piece of chicken fell on the floor. Luckily that was not my dish. But guess what? He had one order wrong. Guess who's? Mine. So as all of my coworkers food came out I was still waiting on my food. We have been at the restaurant for ~40 minutes already. I asked the waiter for an update and he apologized saying they had to remake my food. Dude. Wth? All my coworkers are already halfway done w their food. Finally when some of my coworkers have already completed their dishes, mine came out. WTF. Are you kidding me? Almost everyone I came with finished their food and then I received mine? 

NEVER AGAIN IN MY LIFE WILL I GIVE THIS PLACE ANOTHER CHANCE. They were NOT busy so there were no excuses to have taken that long for a meal. Also, they auto tipped (which is fined because we had a party of 8) but they didn't offer to redeem themselves by offering me anything. Dude, I had to watch all my coworkers eat for 30 minutes then my food came out. Your business is freaking ridiculous. I do not recommend!