I'll give 1 star for the food. The food is delicious, but the service is TERRIBLE!! We arrived at 11:45am and were seated at 12:00. The seats at the table had crumbs and hair (bleh!) all over them so we couldn't sit down and had to wait for the hostess to clean it up. 

After we sat down, absolutely no one came to our table until 12:15 when we were asked if we wanted anything to drink. We ordered water for the table and one club soda. She then tells us that our waiter will be right with us to take our order. 12:30 rolls around and still no waiter, but we finally received our drinks! Amazing! BUT no club soda. Had to wait another 10 minutes for it. 12:35 and low and behold we have a waiter!! I've worked in the restaurant business before and you are supposed to greet your customers no longer than a minute after being seated. I think we were very patient (though we thought about getting up to leave) despite the fact that we had to get out of there by 1:30 to catch a flight. We finally placed our order and didn't receive our food till 1:00! How ridiculous! The place wasn't even crowded and I do not know what our waiter was doing. I'm sure he's a nice guy and all, but I don't think waiting tables should be on his resume. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE! 

I spoke to the manager after we finished eating (in a rush) and she agreed that you should be greeted within 1 minute of sitting down and apologized. She then proceeded to tell me that there was a delay because of the food allergy at our table and they wanted to be extra cautious. I again told her that that wasn't the issue because we couldn't even get someone to take our order for the longest time! Plus the 3 other tables around us had to wait 20-30 minutes for their food after ordering too and I know they didn't have food allergies at their table. Excuses...

She took off one of our entrees and the drinks (the one club soda) from our bill. I don't think it was worth the time or the money. For the price and time spent, we could have and should have just went across the hall to The Buffet. I expected way more from Wynn. Very disappointing and won't be going back.