I don't give a business 1 star that often. As I believe there must be something good in everything. However, Win's Seafood Restaurant makes me feel like giving them not 1 star but 0 star! I will never go back there to eat for sure!

Win's Seafood Restaurant used to be an AYCE Japanese restaurant and then it becomes an AYCE Hot Pot.  Not much changes as they kept the same layout with little renovation done. The built in hot pot stove still on our table.

The menu items they offer are quite unique. Not the usual dishes as other Cantonese restaurants. There are also tanks of fresh seafood of fish, lobster, crabs and shrimps where you can order by lbs.

The restaurant was quite busy when we arrived on a Sunday 9 pm. Almost all tables were filled. We got seated promptly. we decide to order 3 dishes:

- mushroom with diced sirloin beef
- mixed veggie with fresh soy and mushroom
- Sunny Chicken

The only dish tasted good was the veggie dish because it is the only one that is not burnt!! The beef was so dried and some of the mushroom was black. This dish cost $14!! and it is one of the worst food I have for a long long time...

The chicken. It was charred in some of the pieces. I complained to the waitress right away. She said those are just black bean sauce, not burnt... ok so we tried eating it.. yes the chicken is burnt, dried and tasted bitter. I told her I know how burnt tasted like! I asked to speak to the manager but he just ask the waitress to tell us that it is the way it suppose to be! For sure I am not eating that! They offer to replace with the same dish.. I really don't have faith in anything that comes out from this kitchen anymore, I just ask them to cancel the order.

When I asked for the bill, and the total comes to $30, so I left $40 waiting for the change. I wait and wait then finally ask where is my change? The waitress said I never pay any money! Gee! And then she asked me who I gave it to?!! Of course one of the staffs took our money... Then after looking around for awhile, they finally found my $40.

Lousy food! Bad and Unfriendly Services!

I don't think I will be back again!