Ate here a few times before. Food is just okay, and usually sounds like it would taste better than it actually does, but would rate food 6 out of 10.
The one star is for attitude and atmosphere, which caused us to leave without dining here tonight.

They advertise this place has a dog friendly patio, and we thought we'd take our dog with us (primarily because we were feeling a bit guilty with both of us working long hours).

When we arrived, the patio was full of diners except for one bar height table for six, which the host said he could clean for us. We were tired after working and really didn't want to go anywhere else with our small dog, so we agreed the high top table would be OK. (We debated this because our dog is very small, and their posted rules do not allow him to sit on the chair.)

After standing for a while waiting for them to finish cleaning and resetting the table, a woman brazenly yelled out to the waiter that she really wanted to eat on the patio, and although she was already seated at an open window table inside the restaurant, told the waiter she expected to be seated at that table outside. So, without a word of apology to us, the waiter gave her our promised table. Then, after the waiter seated the woman, the host said to us, "the table is really big enough to share."  Share???  Who said we wanted to share?

Needless to say, after a long weekday of work, and with a dog in hand on leash who was also expecting to eat, we weren't looking to share a table for six or make dinner conversation with a  stranger.. So we said, "thanks, but we weren't planning on dining communally tonight." Then left...disappointed, tired, hungry, and with dog in hand. 

I admit I'm not a fan of trendy communal dining, although I have nothing against it for those who may like it.  This, however, was not a communal table, but only a table for six.  This was also very poorly handled by both the waiter and host, and extremely presumptuous of the restaurant to expect two parties to be okay with sharing a high-top table for six without even asking either party's permission first.