I would consider myself a bit country, and enjoy a good country bar.  Although Toby Kieth's I love this Bar and Grill is a little mainstream, I would consider it my favorite.  I had a lot of expectations because of Toby's, none of which were met.

I should have turned around and left when I got to the bar, ordered a Bud Light and a shot of Jack, and she laughed and said "we don't like Bud Light here".  I told her I didn't care what she liked, and she said "we don't have any Budweiser here".  HUGGGHHHHHHH?!?!

I get beer contracts and distributorships, but not having Budweiser at a country bar??

I grabbed my Coors Light, against my wishes, and took a walk.  I didn't find much that even came close to impressing me.  

I found a tiny, and I MEAN TINY dance floor in the back which doubles as a main walkway to get in and out of the bathrooms.  

The main bar in the middle is packed and lacks proper staffing.  It's almost too big.

The crowd is the standard, typical Scottsdale crowd that don't know squat about country, that probably wondered over from one of the other trendy hotspots.  There were more affliction t-shirts and high heels than button ups and cowboy boots.  Even the bartenders could use a lesson in western/country attire.  I couldn't tell who was out of place, the bar or the people.

There was a DJ mixing today's country hits.  Yes, I said mixing.  It's Scottsdale, what do you expect?

We were there for a birthday and had a reserved table, which do have taps in which you can pour your own beer....pretty cool.  However a majority of the space on the sides of the bar was taken up by these VIP tables.  Not ideal, by any means.

Overall I would never go back to this place.  I love Dierks and would have hoped he would have cared more about what he puts his name on, but the bar was packed and he obviously reaps the benefits of a full house.  Although the bar itself looked somewhat cool (if it were empty), it missed the whole country theme that Toby's has nailed.

If you want country (or Bud Light) stay far away.  Sorry Dierks.