I have gone to this Subway since it opened and it was always great, good service, clean and good employees! Lately in the last 6 mos everything has changed; the bread is stale, the servers are sloppy, and slow. The restaurant is dirty, with dirty tables, the trash bin overflowing with garbage and items on the menu were not available especially the honey oat bread which they have been out of at least 5 times in the last two weeks! The soda fountain is dirty, needs cleaning and needs to be refreshed with flavor syrups and is mostly soda water! 
Today, they were slow, let my sand which sit after toasting and wandered off somewhere, then fixed the person behind me their sandwich while mine sat getting cold and then when I asked for sweet onion sauce the server almost dumped half the bottle on my sandwich! The final straw, no napkin served in my basket. Which would not be a big problem if not all these other things that are occurring. I think the good employees have left and management is not keeping tabs on the new ones and/or training their staff right. Today was the LAST STRAW, I will not be returning!  
Went there again on Wednesday , since it is so close to my home, to see if anything had been corrected, IT HAS NOT!!! If anything things were WORSE!! I almost threw up when I checked the sofa fountain, FILTHY!! The two young male workers were not making their selves useful and cleaning anything when they had time on their hands. It seems like there is a big turn over in employees, I wonder where the manager is??? Too bad because this used to be a great place, CLEAN, courteous workers who did a great job! I wonder what happened, no oversight I suppose, the Health Dept should get involved!! I definitely will not return! Almost forgot they had NO NAPKINS, since when does a restaurant run out of NAPKINS????
Today is 3/20/2027, since my review I have gone back just to see if anything has changed and it HAS NOT! Yesterday and the day before when I went in, no one greeted me much less waited on me even though there were NO other customers were there. The help was busy talking among themselves , completely ignoring me , I walked out after 10 minutes! And there was an older man yesterday and he was busy getting bread ready for the oven and the girl was just ignoring me so again after 10 Minutes I just walked out! It appears this Subway is not getting the message that your customers come first! Won't go back EVER not even to check on them!