I have always been the biggest fan of the Bagel Cafe. I have visited multiple times always for bagels and cheese to-go.   After my last visit the day after Christmas I may never come back...EVER!   Let me start off by saying that it was very early and not busy at all. Just me and two other people in the bakery area.   I placed my order for sliced bagels and cream cheese selections and moved on to the cashier.  At the register, I decided that I needed some soup for our lunch later that day so I ordered 2 chicken noodle soups w/ 3 matzo balls in each.  Didn't seem very difficult and the cashier said that she "would ring them up but just this one time since it wasn't busy."  ??? I didn't know soup needed to be ordered from the guys at the bagel counter...fine, my mistake, now I know for the future.  No big deal.  Here's where it all went downhill.  The cashier that I ordered the soup from rang up 3 soups instead of 2.  When she gave me the total I asked why it was so much? (The bowls of soups are $8.50 each)  She showed me the receipt and she rang up 3 soups instead of 2 which was her mistake.  During the process of refunding the soup you would have thought it was the end of the world that she had to refund 1 soup (which hadn't even been packaged yet).  She turned to another employee and rolled her eyes during the process all with me standing right there.  I spent over $50 on bagels and soups to go.  I told her that she was very rude and why I felt that way.  I walked out to my car which was parked in front of the big huge window by the register and she was huffing and puffing around talking about me to her co-worker.  I watched all of this through the window and made the decision to go back inside for the manager.  I told the manager exactly what happened.  He wanted me to "just let it go because it was the holidays"...WHAT?!?! Holidays or not when your employees are unprofessional and losing you business you better address your problems.  What a terrible approach from the manager to know I was treated poorly and to tell me to let it go because of the holidays without a simple apology.

No apology...no yelp stars or business from me.  Never again will I spend my money here! There is something to be said for good customer service and this place doesn't have it.  I noticed some other reviews that noted rude and poor service.  I could have chalked it up to the cashier having a bad morning but with a terrible manager it was a double whammy.  I guess being rude is acceptable and you can put up with it or go somewhere else.

The guy at the bagel counter was wonderful.  This issue was from the cashier and then the terrible manager.    Just because I walked out the door and can't hear you doesn't mean I can't SEE you talking trash about me through your huge windows!

From previous visits during the busy times I learned that you must stand your ground in the line or people will just cut right in front of you. People act like their time is more important than yours and it's like they go ahead of you on purpose.  Nobody ever knows whose turn it is to order...pretty chaotic!