Seriously, I'm not sure how anyone could give this restaurant anything higher then 2 stars. If they did, they should get out more often. Here's the thing, if this place was in a little town in the middle of nowhere, I'd say okay but it's just off the strip in Vegas. The culinary capital of the world people. There are at least 100 superb restaurants within a mile radius, so WHY would you ever go here??? lol but people do and my guess is, they're tourists and they don't know any better. I can pretty much guarantee if you are a local you would never ever choose to go here! 
The place was packed! We had to wait over an hour, which didn't bother me because there was plenty of seating. The atmosphere is kinda cool but there are plenty of restaurants with that type of atmosphere/decor. The service was not very good. My friends raviolis came out ice cold. I had the chicken parmigiana, it was okay, kinda bland - nothing special. The "free wine" (I use the term free very loosely since I paid $28 for a piece of chicken - I'm sure the price of that nasty free wine was compensated for with the overpriced piece of chicken) was disgusting....the red smelled and tasted like red wine vinegar and the white wine was warm - yes white wine warm!? There was spinach that accompanied my chicken that as soon as I took a bite I wanted to spit out....but of course didn't. It was the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted. I sat and tried to figure out this distinct (overwhelming) flavor in the spinach and when the server came over I asked her if anise was in the spinach. She looked at me in surprise and said you're the only person that has ever guessed what's in that. She said people either love it or they tell her to get it off their plate. I'm guessing the former group is a small group, so I'm wondering why they serve it? Oh gawd it was gross. Black licorice flavored mushy over cooked spinach.....not my idea of good food. Sorry but if you're planning on going, I'd say go across the street to McDonald's and save yourself some money......seriously! 
BTW - there were a group of Italian speaking guys behind us that got their food as we were leaving......gawd I wish I could have seen their face when they bit into that "Italian" food!!