Service was awfull.. actually let me change that.. 

WE DID NOT RECEIVE ANY SERVICE AT ALL!!!!

Me and my friend came to this restaurant around 11pm at night. There was only 1 table/2 customers inside at that time. We were seated and given water.. and thats ALL the service we got. 

We looked at the menu and decided what we wanted.. We waited for someone to get our orders PATIENTLY. More than 15min pass and still no service. I even saw 2 waitresses look our way and say something in a foreign language(i don't want to assume its Korean just because its a Korean restaurant) to somebody in the kitchen. STILL no service.My friend actually started to raise her hand to no avail. 

Then a large group came in the restaurant - maybe numbering 12 people and i don't want to assume they were Korean just because, but they spoke the same language as the waitress did. They sat them down and gave them water. After this, a waitress finally stood in front of our table with an order slip - like the action of a waitress ready to take our order. I started to tell her my order when this waitress walked away and started talking to the bigger group and SHE STARTED TO TAKE THEIR ORDERS!!!!.... I was like, WTF lady... 

I am a very respectfull and patient guy. But this pissed the $!#@ out of me... I stood up and told my friend we were going somewhere else.. on the way out I yelled "THANK YOU!!!"...

The only reason I chose to eat at this restaurant is that, the other AYCE k.bbq places had looooonnnggg wait lines.. this place did not. THIS PLACE ALWAYS HAD NO LINE. That is why I like to take my friends here when there are loooonnggg wait lines at other places. I don't mind waiting but I don't like making my friends/companions wait in line.

This place was always my last resort because
- over priced menu selection , $30+ for meat selection you can get from $19 - $25 at other AYCE locations. I NEVER come here if I am by myself and there are no looonnngg lines at other restaurants. 

For the $h%₱₩ @$$ servers, I actually would like really thank you, because I found another place that does not have a line on a busy night. And I they are actually cheaper and have better meat selection than your place, so for that, I greatly appreciate your bad service. THANK YOU!!!!!!!