**** Warning danger bring a fire extinguisher!****
Can you say FREAKING HOT!  I am all for a little spice in my food but holy GEEZUS!

OK for those of you that like hot hot hot I mean burn your face off then later your BUTT! You might enjoy this plethora of torture. Me not so much! My dumb-ass sister drug me and 4 other family members that were visiting from Illinois to this fire pit of hell!

We ordered 2 pitchers of Margarita's that were more like dinking lemonade. Yuck and they were way over priced 30.00 each Kick - ass pitcher my ass. 

I asked our server "how hot is the green chili"? His response to me was "it's mild". I then proceeded to order the Machaca chimichanga with green chili sauce. I love a good Machaca Chimi. 

We waited for our meal sipping the lemonade AKA Margarita, munching very salty chips. Mine without salsa because one bite of that left the tip of my tongue stinging!

The food arrived it was a huge portion; I thought there is a go box in my future. I took the first bite, more dough than anything as usual with a Chimi. The second bite brought my temperature up about 10 degrees. I continued thinking I must have gotten a seed or chunk of pepper. The third bite woohoo 3 alarm fire in my mouth! After sucking back an entire glass of water and several tortilla chips. I decided it was the green Chile sauce on top and began pushing it off and away from my Chimi. I go in for the middle of the Chimi where the Machaca is and no sauce. Hells bells are you kidding me that bite was the hottest of them all like I had found the scotch bonnet surprise!!!!!!!!! 

I surrender! I cannot continue with the taste bud massacre. I think I am scarred for life. At this point my lips are burning, I am sweating, and I am devouring a bowl of chips trying to put out the inferno raging inside my mouth. My poor cousins are experiencing the same type of hell. All except for my cousin Jenny who has no tolerance for heat and got the most expensive cheese crisp in Phoenix 6.95. Its cheese and a tortilla people! 

I stopped the server and said there is no possible way I can eat this it is entirely too hot. Is there anything on the menu other than the cheese crisp that is not hot? He brought me the menu; I found a garlic shrimp dish and ok sounds good for 13.95 I got 5 very large shrimp covered in melted cheese. They tasted like the following recipe place 5 large shrimp in a small casserole dish sprinkle with as little garlic powder as possible, add a hand full of cheese then put in the microwave until cheese melts. It was awful gag gag gag; it had no flavor at all I could even taste cheese. 

Ok I will wrap this up as I now am rambling away. I am not a spice whimp I love Wasabi and lots of it, but this kind of hot is not for the average person who likes hot. I cannot tell you if the spicy dish was good because the heat ruined it for me and my family. My sister is the only one who liked it. 

I will not be back, not worth the drive, the time, the money or the recovery!