Never again will I come to this location. Based on my previous experiences with Jersey Mike's I probably wouldn't have anyway if not for a friend wanting to go because our purchase was "supposed to be" donated to a good cause.

Right at the top of my list is I find their sandwiches boring and bland and in the bottom anchor position compared to any of the other sub shops I go to.  But they're tolerable and I usually drop in at the other Jersey Mike's up the street maybe once a year.

As far as value, once again Jersey Mike's comes in absolute dead last. No matter where I go for a sub, including some of the incredibly good mom and pop sandwich shops around Phoenix, Jersey Mike's qualifies as a ripoff - $8.80 for a small simple Italian sub?  In what universe?

Now the reason why I scratched this particular location off my list forever is abysmally bad service. There were literally two people there besides us late one afternoon, not exactly a lunch hour rush but for some reason they had 8-10 people scurrying around trying to look busy.  Too busy to acknowledge that we were waiting to place an order. And waiting. And waiting.

Finally a person who clearly should not have a people-facing job yelled at me for my order and AS I WAS TELLING HER she turned her back, yelled something into the kitchen, and turned on the meat slicer 10' away and never looked at me. She repeated "my order" and no surprise, she had it wrong.  I repeated it, trying to yell over the sound of the meat slicing machine and she copped the biggest attitude and (no lie) she said "Well I couldn't hear you!!!"  Seriously!  No s*** Suzy, of course you couldn't hear me, you weren't listening!  BTW, is it any surprise that so many of the other negative reviews say the same thing ... bad attitude?

When my (tiny) sandwich was ready to have the toppings put on it the girl at that station asked if I wanted it Mike's Way.  Of course I had told girl #1 that I wanted it Mike's Way but she was too busy putting on a pity party for herself about how stressed and tired and busy she was with, OMG, 4 customers in the entire restaurant.  I didn't check to find out if she committed Hari Kari the next day when the customer count rose to a whole 8 people.

And you know what the sad thing is?  I would make the comment at this point that this place is in serious need of a front line manager but you know what?  I'm afraid that Pity Patty IS the manager. Yikes!