So Mooyah is a Texas based chain and I read online that they want to open 5-8 of these places across Cleveland in the next 5 years, but I really hope they don't do this.  I stopped by this new fast-food joint on a laid-back Sunday evening and when I walked in I was greeted 3 times "Welcome to Mooyah!". A bit of an overkill, but thanks for the welcome. The interior was clean with plenty of tables and a get your own soda dispenser. The staff was comprised of 7 teenagers and 2 adult managers. I can only assume it was a training day for them all to be there because there were only a couple customers. I placed my order and was given a plastic card with a number on it for when they call my to-go order up. 

I started off with a plain single burger on an "Artisan" white bun at $5.69 then added blue cheese .70¢, bacon .99¢, and lettuce. That's a total of $7.38 for a single bacon cheeseburger. So the burger, I'd actually call this a meat pancake because it was pressed out so thin and was bigger than the bun. Also, the meat was salty and way over cooked. One side of the burger had a hardened crust from being on the grill so long and the meat was completely dried out, which is weird seeing as how there was a ton of grease on the packaging. Not a lot of blue cheese - only tasted it in the center of the burger,  and for that .99¢ I got one strip of bacon broken into a couple pieces. The good here was the lettuce - they didn't skimp on it and it was fresh and crisp. 

The small fries come in at $2.49 but actually seem like a large amount that you could share. However I shared mine with the garbage can as they were over seasoned and over cooked. I'm not talking golden and crispy here, I'm talking brown and dried out. Very disappointing. I ate about 1/4 then threw the rest away. The spicy ranch sauce I used to dip a few fries in was good though. 

Small oreo milkshake $3.49. It was good with whip cream and a cherry on top, I liked that it was not as sweet as the oreo shake at Burger King. My complaints here are that they immediately make your milkshake so it's done and melting while the rest of your food cooks even though you asked for it to-go. So no lid and several times I had to wipe up dipping milkshake from my hands and from wherever I set down the cup. Also if you want to substitute crushed oreo's instead of the chocolate chips in the mint milkshake that will cost you .70¢ more. 

I'm sorry but I just can't support this place, the food was not that good and to me it's overpriced for the quality they serve. Usually I try to give places a second shot, but I have no desire to come back to Mooyah. Just go to Five Guys or Bearden's or pay more and get a "gourmet" burger from Flip Side. *Side note: I noticed a lot of 5 star reviews from people who have no picture, no friends, and haven't reviewed other businesses... Now 7 of these reviews have been hidden by Yelp so far, but it still makes me really weary that something shady is going on. If you sell a good product you won't have to write fake glowing reviews.