I've tried very hard to give this place a chance, but after THREE visits, I just can't anymore.  The last time I went was last Friday, 11/11/2016, the Friday after election day.  The first drink I had was the Cadillac, their signature margarita.  It was so sweet, it took me a very long time to get through it.  For 16$, I expect my drink to be top notch delicious and to the standard expected.  Nothing close.  The second drink I ordered was a regular margarita, with patron tequila.  A diffferent drink  HAS to be better.  Absolutely WORSE!  It was SO SICKLY sweet, I could only get through 1/4 of the drink, and I LOVE my drinks.  I even let my boyfriend try a sip, and he is a non-drinker and a bad choice to be a critic because he doesn't like alcohol that much.  He LOVED the fact that it was SO sweet, which is a TERRIBLE indicator.  Nevertheless, we left there with 3/4 of my expensive patron margarita.  I ordered the street pizza which was on the app menu for 10$.  It was just OK.  I ate 2 slices and left the rest.  My bf ordered the beef and chicken fajitas.  I tried the beef and it was very chewy, not tender in any way.  I had the shrimp fajitas the time before when we were there and they were decent, but nothing to write home about or give a great review for.  The sides that the fajitas come with are ok, You get a group of sliced carrots with cheese, lettuce and some guac.  No rice or beans unless you order those separately,, but you still pay a premium price for the plate.  Its sad because I wanted to really like this place, but just can't.  I would choose any mexican spot in Charlotte over Cantina 1511.  The food quality for such an expensive price, along with the drinks as well (well, if you know the bartender working that night, or know who he/she is/was, then they were HORRIBLE!!!!! and need to know that!!!) in such a cool hot spot is totally NOT worth any of it.  I don't even think my rating should be poor at 2 stars, it really should be TERRIBLE, 1 star.  Cantina 1511, you need to revamp everything if you want to continue to do decent business.  I'm so sorry and disappointed that it is this bad.  :(