EXTREMELY disappointed in our last to go order. I have dined here several times and have had the fajitas a la pablanas with shrimp. A picture of their menu is on Yelp and this dish is there. It is CLEAR that you order a fajita style and pick your protein. My mother and I ordered a to go order of these fajitas to serve two. When I got to the restaurant I read my receipt and they had given us the pollo pablanos dinner but substituted shrimp. I started this was wrong, explained our order, and was asked to sit while they remade the dish. Of course, I was fine with this. 10 minutes later the manager came out and asked how I was doing. I said I was fine and was waiting on a remade to go order. He asked about what happened. I told him. He said he would go into the kitchen make sure it was right, but to be sure, show him what we wanted. I pointed to the menu. Pointed at the picture. He said they were again going to make the wrong thing and rushed to the back. He came back out, and I asked him with the menu in my hand and pointing, to confirm it was the correct dish. He assured me it was and said he would just charge us for the wrong dishes since they were cheaper to compensate for my trouble. He then proceeded to tell me he yelled at the order taker and made her cry and that they had 400 occupents so they were busy (a. I'd never ever want a server to cry for a simple mistake and b. I'm not sure the restaurant can hold 400, but I digress.)
I get home and the dish is still wrong. It was horrible. No sauce. Rubbery shrimp with the tails on. No poblano peppers and DEFINITELY not fajitas. We called 5 times that night (because they weren't answering the phone and we had to keep trying) and they claimed they didn't make this dish. You know, the one I pointed to the picture of. They finally agreed to credit my card and said it would take 5 business days. Flash to 10 business days later and me calling because I still have not be reimbursed. The manager continues to claim they don't make this dish and never have, even though it's on the menu and I've ordered it multiple times. I just want my money back. The manager is put out by this and says he has to research the transaction and to call back in an hour. Alas, they never answered the phone that afternoon. I'm out my money. I REGRET ever telling people to go there. It's a shame. We were frequent customers but this has turned us off of the place completely.