I feel cheated in some way, Axia.  My first experience was nothing short of fabulous and I wrote a glowing review stating such, and then a few days later it's flat out awful!  (I've even taken two days to cool down!) 

"Eek! Methinks not." is a perfect way to describe our second experience at Axia.  My husband and I went alone this time, and boy that was a mistake.  You know how servers will treat young people differently than a full table or even just an older couple?  Yeah, you hear that, and you even experience it once or twice- but oh my goodness I don't even know where to start here. 

I wanted to simply edit my review, but I didn't feel that was fair because my first experience was great.  Serves me right for writing a review on only the first visit! 

I'll sum it up to service, because the food was still heavenly.  Our waitress was at first what seemed to be your average lackluster kind.  The one who doesn't come back to fill your water, etc, etc.  The first issue was that we ordered a pot of green tea with two cups.  She said they don't sell it by the pot which left us very confused because we ordered a pot of green tea last time and they brought one pot and four cups the last time we were here.  I guess she thought our confusion was just us being jerks, or something, because she brought two cups with the pot.  Well, I didn't touch mine on principle.  I wasn't trying to break the rules or be difficult, I was just genuinely confused because last time they did this without us even asking. 

Then our waitress botched our order, which isn't a problem either.  Mistakes happen.  It's how service handles the mistake that counts.  Which. was. AWFUL.

When Mr. stopped the waitress he politely said, "I have a question.  I think the last time I ordered this it came with different noodles?"  He ordered the vegetable chow mein you see, to which she politely replied, "Really? The pad thai always comes with these noodles."  (Aha! We discovered the problem!)  

"Oh! Haha, that explains it then.  I ordered the vegetable chow mein." 

The conversation was going so well.  There were smiles and laughter and it completely blindsided me when the waitress then said, "No you didn't."

!!!  What?!  He wasn't asking for an extra free meal; he barely even touched this one.  And yes, he DID order the chow mein, it's what he ordered last time AND (are you ready for the kicker here?) WE'RE VEGAN.  The Pad Thai has egg in it so it's not even an option for us!  Did I say any of this?  No.  I was so shocked and horrified by her lack of professionalism that I didn't even know what to say.

But what we did do was pack up our meals to go and leave.  She brought us a vegetable chow mein to go and charged us for it.  

I'm sorry but we ordered an appetizer, several orders of sushi, and two main courses.  You're going to charge us for a third main course that you screwed up in the first place?  Get your poop in a scoop.  I've never been so disappointed with service in my life.    

Both my husband and I agreed that if that was our first experience, we would never go back.  As it stands we're unsure if we will give it another go (though probably not).  But hey, the food really is fantastic, and there's always take out.