Wow where to begin? 

First the rooms arent sound proof, expect to hear screaming children at 4am in adjacent suites, generator noise from outside your windows, noise from clubs, guests above you walking.  

Second the staff arent very accommodating for room changes or addressing the noise issue.  Most hotels will do room change regardless of time of day.  I was told to wait till morning and the staff seemed okay with the family next door's children run up and down the hallway and scream.  

Third, most places treat Amex holders well, this place treats you like a nuisance.  Amex Plat holders using FHR are supposed to get free upgrades, but when you arrive for check in, they ask if you want to pay for an upgrade avoiding any mention of the amex upgrade, but get a bit unsettled when you mention the amex upgrade.  The free breakfast for amex customers is a costco pastry and coffee that must only be done through room service.  The comp dinner or lunch is restricted to one restauran(bistro pinot)t, and its limited to a set meal for amex holders with limited selection.  Would have taken even a 20 dollar credit that could be used at say Bouchon or B&B. Other hotels will offer a generous dining or spa credit, comp champagne, etc.  

Fourth, this is supposed to be a luxurious hotel, yes its beautiful and the rooms look great at a quick glance,but upon closer inspection its obvious that an accountant runs this place.  Everything from the cheap chinese brand toiletries(not even hotels in china would use), Aomni brand TVs, lack of sound proofing, blow dryer without a cool button(what is this 1989?), to mushy beds(I actually slept on the couch and its quite comfortable) shows they care very little about making your stay great.

I spend about 10 days a year in vegas every year for work for the last 6 years and I never had any complaints about any other hotel.  There are much better options nearby, like the Wynn, the newly renovated rooms at the Mirage, Encore, Aria, Cosmopolitan, Caesars.

The are some positives, they have great restaurants, Carnevino, B&B and good shopping at Barneys well by Las Vegas standards anyway.