Used to be 4.5 stars when 1st opened
Whenever LV new buffets open on the strip, ala wynn, PH, bellagio, Mirage, they are the shit to begin, then go downhill fast while prices increase.
The Mirage buffet is another example.
For those that can actually taste quality and arent automatic shit-inhalers, big time crap here. After 3-4 years decided to plunk down a ridiculous $75 bucks for a sunday brunch. BIG mistake. But where else can you really eat under $50 for two except mcdonalds?

Good:
Pastami pizza (but limited selection wheres the cool veggies/pepperoni homey?
the mexican rice
Diet cokes strong like bull
salad bar (so-so limp-ass romaine lettuce but good toppings)
Deli cuts next to salad bar=its ok, I guess, but I dont pay $35 to eat mortadella cold cuts bro.
Service- fast at picking up plates and refilling. Another 15% so that makes buffet 85 bucks for two. Frightening, and it sucks.

The bad:
Crab legs-dry and tasteless, 1000% frozen. (acutally some still frozen pick fast or angry mob behind you will press)
Oysters turned into oyster shooters to mask the huge size and farm-raised taste.
Chinese station=worse than panda express. MUCH worse.
Sushi station---OMG 1/4 of a inch of fish in their prepared handrolls. Not joking. I  posted a pic;insanely claseless ripoff, 98% unchewable seaweed and rice. Wow what a fucking joke.
nachos=no melted cheese, no taco meat, but they have tortillas! Ridiculous. Yeah, I guess I'll make a salsa burrito with lettuce, LMAO
Fish on dishes, sitting and waiting for the bus...missed many buses.
Coated buffalo wings=wow gross orange coating, filthy.
Leftover breakfast items=no thanks nastee.
seafood ceviche, etc=anything at raw bar is a total joke and crap.
Dumpling/noodle section=crappy pork or chicken, or something that somewhat resembles shrimp (maybe its distant cousin from the farm-rasied sewers of bangladesh) No offense, bangladeshians.

Save your money. The deli, cpk, HELL taco bell anything beats this. Actually, Taco bell kicks ass.
Ate 4-5 plates just out of frustration and to equal the value of what we paid, but you can finish the whole buffet and still feel cheated...