The fiancé and I went here not too long ago and the place was dead, which typically is not a bad thing.  Cien Agaves  is the typical Scottsdale restaurant trying too hard to be hip, cool, and gilded.  If you wear a tapout shirt, a trucker hat, own a purse that has Coach or Louis Vuitton logos plastered all over it, or support your millionaire-like partying lifestyle with a $30k a year job, then this is the place for you.  It comes off as an insincere/non-genuine attempt to produce quality southwestern food and the forced atmosphere comes off as tacky.  And a large tequila selection does not legitimize a restaurant - what a large tequila selection is to a restaurant is what a corvette is to a 50 tear old man in a mid-life crisis, they are trying to compensate for something.

Meal: I took full advantage of the pork and chicken tacos.  The fiancé had three or four vegetarian tacos.  We both had a margarita.  I had the house margarita and she went for a fruitier (I want to say raspberry, but I could be totally off SAMSONITE) style of margarita.

Taste:  Ehhhhhhhhhhhhh, these tacos didn't leave a good, lasting impression.  The key to an outstanding taco is an outstanding tortilla.  That doesn't mean they have to be homemade, but it does certainly help.  These tortillas were no where close to being outstanding.  The tortillas were incredibly dry and cold.  They lacked the structural integrity to keep all the guts of a the taco in tact so you can eat it.  It turned into a complete hot mess when the fiancé and I went to dig in.  The fillings were significantly lacking any real seasoning.  For example, one of the tacos I picked was supposed to include green chiles.  I saw stuff on the taco that looked like green chiles but it sure as hell didn't taste like it.  To top it off, the margaritas weren't that good either.  5 out of 10.

Value:  Like the margaritas, the value was nothing to brag about.  Not bad, not great   I didn't feel ripped off after I paid for the bill, but it felt like the meal was missing something else given the price we paid.  2 out of 5.

Service/Cleanliness:  The waitress really seemed like she was pissed off to be at work that day.  We constantly had empty water glasses.  She would swing by to pick up empty glasses, plates, and other things but wouldn't ask us if we needed anything else.  And she would always run to the bar to talk to the bartender and another server.  We were the only people in the place.  There was no excuse for the poor service.  3 out of 10.

Atmosphere:  See above opening statement.  I guess I jumped the gun and couldn't put my thoughts in the right location in my review. 1 out of 5.

Overall:  There are so many better places to go to in the valley, why bother coming here?  11 out of 30 points, 1 out of 5 stars.