If slimy sandwiches and salads accompanied by rude staff completely lacking in personality are what you're looking for, than Gandolfo's is the place for you!  My husband and I had lunch at this location yesterday and I honestly still feel nauseated even thinking about it. Never having been to Gandolfo's, we needed a few minutes to look at the menu, which was certainly not a problem as there were no other customers in line.  This should have been our first warning sign but sadly, we persevered and ordered our lunch.  The girl behind the counter answered our questions with simple yes/no answers in a completely deadpan tone with no hint of an expression on her face.  My husband decided on the Madison Square Garden sandwich and I had the salad of the same variety.  I ordered a soda and my husband asked for a water.  The girl at the counter then asked him if he would like a cup for his water.  What a ridiculous question!!!  No, he doesn't need a cup, he'll just seal his lips around the soda machine and push the button!

After a bit of a wait, our food was ready and I brought it to our table, however, a better option would have been to throw it directly into the trashcan.  My husband unwrapped his sandwich to find it so heaped with mayo and sopped with oil that even the outside of the bread was saturated and slimy.  My salad also contained the marinated mushrooms that were in his sandwich, and while they sounded good, the taste and texture was sickening.  The lettuce was anything but fresh and the gelatinous Italian dressing made the whole thing even worse.  The croutons that were supposed to have come on my salad were nowhere to be found, but I didn't even bother asking for them as I'm sure they wouldn't have been enough to overcome the already offensive taste/texture combo that I was attempting to choke down.  

As if the food itself wasn't already enough to send us running out the door never to return, we then had the pleasure of watching the girl "clean" the counter by flinging all of the food that was on it onto the floor into the area where customers stand to order.  I looked around to see if there was a mark drawn on the counter or wall anywhere so that when the food on the floor reaches that depth, one of the staff comes out to actually sweep it up but didn't see anything so I'm guessing that they just allow customer to wade through the food buildup throughout the day.  I honestly have no idea how this place is in business given the fact that there is a Jimmy John's accessible from the same parking lot. I'm guessing that the sparse crowd in Gandolfo's at noon on a weekday is a direct result of a far better option available within walking distance.  If the rest of my review hasn't been clear enough as to what my opinion of this place is, let me just add that if I were stranded on a deserted island for a month with nothing to eat and the rescue boat showed up and offered me food that came from Gandolfo's, I would throw it overboard only to have the sea life also choose to ignore it.