My mom and I decided to try this place out as it is one of the few places in the valley to offer fusion Korean-Chinese food. We went during the day, and sushi diners are placed on the "upper level" (the restaurant is divided into a higher and lower ledge) and those there for the Korean food are on the ground floor. While the food is okay, we will not be back due to the horrible service and treatment of the servers.

We went in on a Sunday afternoon.To preface, both ourselves, the menu, and our waitress were Korean. We got served with a dirty plate, and it was obvious that our waitress did not want to be there. We ordered a spicy shrimp dish, black bean noodles, and a spicy noodle dish. Now, she did not write our order down and we were promptly served with a sesame chicken dish instead. When we lamented that this was definitely not what we ordered (as we dislike sesame oil), she literally stood there silently and we chalked it up the fact that the dish differed in name only by one word and there must have been miscommunication (due to the fact that she was just standing there looking down at the floor; it was just awkward and I assumed maybe it was a company policy that they wouldn't take back the food). We did not touch the dish.

Now, it could have been fine after this. However, she delivered the black bean noodles and she was not seen again. Almost 15 minutes passed and I was basically done with my food. My mother and I assumed that she forgot to order her food, and looked for her to tell her it was fine and that we just wanted the check so we could leave. However, she stops by then to drop off her food and leaves immediately without checking in on us. By this time, both of our waters are empty. 

My mom picks at her food for a bit when the waiter from our sushi section asks if everything is okay. Now, by this time, there is a full untouched plate of chicken, an empty noodle bowl, a half touched spicy noodle dish, and empty waters. He acknowledged and apologized for the service we received (although we were not his table) and we just asked for our check from him, as our server was still nowhere to be found. Although he managed to give us a 10% discount, we did not see our server or the manager stop by our table. We left, hungry and thirsty.

Do not come here. The service was horrible and although the food is good, it is not worth it. Having worked in the industry myself, I understand when things are busy or when things are just overseen. However, my experience here was unacceptable and I am appalled that the manager did not even stop by our table. I would give it zero stars if I could.