Where do I even start with this one...

First off, let me say that the staff was friendly and welcoming.  And that was where the positive experience ended.

My girlfriend and I stopped in here on a Saturday on the way to a friend's house because we were looking for a quick bite and this place had good reviews.  I love good frybread so I was excited to see what this place had to offer.  I was sadly disappointed.

I tried the Dev's chicken dish and my girlfriend tried another dish that I can't recall the name of.  I really can't believe that what came out was the standard that this place goes by.  The frybread itself wasn't bad but was pretty bland.  The rest of the stuff on top was even more bland than the frybread.  There were way too many refried beans on this thing and I think I got half of a head of lettuce on top of that.  I think there was chicken buried in there somewhere but it sure didn't taste like it.  There was absolutely no flavor to this thing which is impressive because the ingredients should have come together nicely (should have...but didn't).  I even tried to spice it up with the hot sauce they gave us and that had no flavor either.  My girlfriend didn't fare any better as her meal looked and tasted like a full can of refried beans and the other half of the head of lettuce that ended up on mine.

Shortly after we had begun eating some guy came out from the kitchen and asked if everything was ok.  The way he asked it though indicated that he was trying to see if he had made it correctly rather than simply seeing if we were enjoying the meal.  It was so awful that I simply didn't have the heart to tell the kid that it was some of the worst food I have ever had.

Please understand that I do not consider myself a food snob or anything like that.  This meal simply was poorly done and had zero taste to it.  I got through half of it and had to throw the rest away...and I hadn't eaten anything else all day so I was really hungry.  I also tried one of their house juice drinks that they had available.  The peach-melon sounded tasty.  It wasn't.  It tasted like drinking cantaloupe juice.

If you are a frybread company then you should at least do the frybread really well and then build on top of that.  This place just didn't have it together I'm afraid.