Their target market seems to be "Cheap people who have a lot of time to waste" so their location near U of T is quite choice.

My friend called this place about 7pm on Saturday night.  The person on the phone suggested that if we got down in about an hour or so we should be able to get a table or join in another game in maybe within half an hour or an hour.

We get down there, there are a few other groups in line (aka milling about at the front counter and outside) get on the list (they take our phone number), and we are first told that we may have to wait around two hours... ?!?!?!?!  Oh and it took 5 minutes to find the guy with the list - he we using the little note pad that did not inspire confidence.

Anyways my friend who called asked around some of the other staff who suggested it might not take that long maybe 30 mins or an hour.  Needless to say we were not impressed.  Since it was an 8:15 movie we walked around a bit, ultimately not receiving a call by 9:25 so I turned off my phone and went to a movie.

Since I really like the concept and clearly a lot of others do, I would like to see these guys succeed - here is some free consulting:
1.  At peak times, have someone at the front whose sole job it is to greet customers get them on the list.  Make it look like you are in control of the situation.
2.  Implement a time-based pricing model.  Once people get in they have no incentive to leave, and since games can be of indeterminate length, there is really no ettiquette on when to leave, like there is in a restaurant.  Or make people order a flat rate of food and drinks per hour
2a.  Have prime-time and non-prime time pricing.
3.  Once you implement 2 (possibly 2a) you should have a better handle of how long it will be to wait for a table.  10 mins before a group's hour is up you can ask them whether they want to pony up an extra $X for food/drinks in the next hour.

In the meantime, I recommend skipping Snakes and Lattes.  If you want to play a board game, buy one at the store and play it.  At least you will have the game at the end, instead of aggro (if you even choose to go).

That is all.