NO.  DON'T.  First experience was awful.  I had to ask for iced tea 3 times before I got it.  This was when we were the only customers in the restaurant.  My boyfriend asked them to leave the tomatoes out of the Tom Kha.  Restaurant owner explained for 3 minutes why this was a bad idea.  My BF had to insist that he orders it this way everywhere and it is never a problem.  Got it the way he ordered it and it was good.  My food was also good.  However, the restaurant owner would not leave us alone and kept coming to our table to discuss food- theirs and why it was so good and why other places are not good.  So not interested.  

However, this place is so close to our home, and we both love Thai food, so we decided to try it again.  This time, for take out.  How bad could it be?  The food was good.  It was the service that was horrible.  Well, as it turns out, it can be unbelievably bad for take-out as well.  I called in my order.  I made the colossal mistake of asking if they have brown rice.  Got a 3 minute lecture on how brown rice tastes bad and jasmine rice is wonderful.  It would have gone on longer if I had not interrupted this soliloquy to ask when the food would be ready.  TWENTY MINUTES.  Well, sure, if you aren't expecting any customers, why would you prep the food in advance?  He tells me that they serve the curries medium hot.  I know my boyfriend doesn't like spicy food, so I asked if they could make his less than medium.  Nope.  Absolutely not. They can only make it hotter, not less hot.  Fine.  Whatever.  Can I just get off this phone call?  We pick up the food.  Again, absolutely no one else in the restaurant and only the owner and his wife working there.  Which is weird since Bahn Thai is 2 miles away and stays packed. The food was good.  My BF's food, was not hot at all but mild, and mine, which was also supposedly medium hot, was at the top of my spicy tolerance range, and I like spicy food.  

Bottom line: NEVER AGAIN.  Getting a lecture with my food is not my idea of a good restaurant experience.  This restaurant does not believe in giving the customer what they want, but in giving them an education on what they SHOULD want.  Save yourself aggravation and just go to Bahn Thai.  They never disappoint.