The Skinny: hot dogs, served cold, in a soggy  bun while the Italian sausage was undercooked (1) Service: slow - waited 30+ minutes for 2 orders, the bathroom is located in the adjacent smoky vlt bar area... not family friendly, and the waitress upcharged us for stuff without informing us (1), value: stay away unless you love being overcharged for underwhelming food (1) 

I feel in love with the Chicago hot dog after heading to the Windy City. So we've been looking for a wonderful hot dog just like the ones on that trip several years ago.

Hearing about a place that is complete with the classic Vienna sausage, we were excited about coming here. We used a Living Social deal which, at the time, appeared to be icing on the cake.

Knowing that my hubby was planning on ordering a dipped beef sammy, I advised him to eat in because I didn't want the bun to be overly soggy. Little did I know what a bad decision that was.

Service was painfully slow. We waited 30+minutes for them to prepare 1 hot dog, 1 sausage/beef sandwich and a side of fries. And the sausage was pink in the middle. Oh yes! the time that it took to get our order obviously had nothing to do with actual cooking time in the kitchen. Did I also mention that a fellow who had a takeout order after us received his food much sooner than ours did?

Okay, back to the food. I really couldn't tell if they were real Vienna sausages or not because the wiener was stone cold.  Real Vienna sausages exude their inner juices with the crisp snap of the casing.  Not so here. Throw it a soggy bun complete with finger imprints on it (gross!), you have yourself one of the worst hot dogs I've seen in a long time.

The sausage and beef sandwich was a bit better because we accepted that it was going to be messy and soggy in the first place. However, like I mentioned before, the sausage was definitely not cooked thoroughly. It was also very skimpy on the underseasoned beef. The addition of giardiniera, cheese and sweet peppers did make the whole thing more palatable.


Unfortunately, the items that made the sandwich more edible were an undisclosed upcharge of $1.50.  Yes. the mere sprinkling of the scant amount of toppings were $0.50 each. We were not informed of this upcharge at the time of ordering and it does not appear on the front part of the menu (only briefly mentioned on the backside).

The bags of french fries were okay, but let's face it, it wasn't anything that were super special by any means. I would certainly not have ordered these if there was an upcharge.

Finally, the ambience. Definitely not a place you want to take the kids because in order for you to use their rather dubious restroom, you're required open a firmly closed door and walk through an extremely smoky bar/vlt area.

Overall, given the dismal service and the poor food, I would give this a 1 star review.