Seriously - I don't know why we even did this again. I guess I'm an optimist lol ...

This was a visit that I truly wish had been skipped. Almost 10 minutes before a waiter came over to even greet us - then all down hill from there. 

A buddy and myself just wanted some quality people watching with a bit of good food and drink- the people watching was ok. The food, drink and service were an average of less than mediocre, at best. The server had little clue about the menu and even denied having items that were on the menu when asked about them.  Lol it was so bad! 

Initially, when we still assumed we might trust the person serving us ... we were directed to order a drink called "Toms Cup". This is how found that trusting that the waiter was a bad idea. The drink was gross. Imbalanced and overly sweet - it was just unappealing. Not his fault - but seeing as they were full when we finished the meal - it would have been appropriate for him to ask why they were two nearly full drinks. 

We also ordered and fig and cheese sandwich which was the best thing we had - it was served with garlic fries that were almost sufficient. The pot stickers were bland, under cooked and overall boring. Please don't get them.

Neither of us could bring ourselves to complain because we were both in the service industry, and this was honestly just terrible - to an extent that we just wanted to leave and forget about it. 

To top it all off - we were still trying to eat some of the food - mainly the garlic fries that were one of the most edible things - but I also asked for the bill so we could go. The waiter brought over the bill and began to stack the food plates - (THAT WE  WERE  STILL EATING OFF OF) - on top of one another, with food still on them.. Literally while we were both still chewing. 

I said "hey man" we were still eating that. He said "oh" and proceeded to unstack the plates and give me the fries that were smashed underneath the other plates. I just looked at him. The guy truly was clueless. 

So it was over $50 for two unfinished drinks, terrible pot stickers and a descent fig and cheese sandwich. I will never make this mistake again. There is no excuse for bad service and mediocre food - especially at this price point. It's not going to break the bank - but it's just a waste of everyone's time and money. 

Happy eating to you!