I decided to try Marvellous Edibles because of the rave review the first reviewer gave it, and because it is in my neighborhood of Leaside. I've always driven past it and wondered what it was like, but since she gave it such a great review, I thought I'd give it a go. 

The restaurant has a sort of Parisian cafe feel to it, with mismatched chairs and some booths and tables, and a mural on the wall. Upon arrival mid-Saturday afternoon, we were also presented with 3 menus, breakfast (which was ending shortly), sandwiches and another menu which appeared to be dinner options, priced $16 - $24 range. My friend and I both selected from the sandwich menu. 

I ordered the BLT, but having noticed that they served peameal bacon for breakfast, asked if I could have peameal on my BLT, they obliged, no problem. My friend ordered the meat loaf sandwich and we both ordered the sweet potato fries. 

Service was fast, there were only 2 other occupied tables in the restaurant. I was expecting an average sandwich, didn't really figure you can screw up a BLT, er...thought wrong. The peameal was overcooked, and very dry, and it was served on 'white' bread, no egg or challah bread to be found here!! I was disappointed. The whole sandwich was dry, I asked for mayo, and the waiter said there was already mayo on it, I opened it up and the thing was bare. I showed him, and said, "Umm, actually there's not..." (awkward...) 

My friend's meatloaf sandwich was a mess!! First she had asked for no onions, was allergic to them, and upon receiving the sandwich, had to proceed to pick off somewhere in the range of 7-8 pieces of red onion off of her sandwich!! The problem with the sandwich was just that it was a complete mess. It was on a regular bun, and gravy was poured over the meatloaf and the other half of the bun was placed on top. On service, the bottom part of the bun, is soaked, drenched in gravy, making it impossible to pick up! It was just a mess, I think it would be a much more successful item choice if perhaps it was served as an open faced meat loaf sandwich, with the gravy in a boat on the side that you pour on yourself at the time you are going to eat it, so that the bottom bun doesn't disintegrate. 

As if our food quality wasn't bad enough while we were attempting to salvage a meal out of it, our entertainment was listening to our waiter bicker with the other waitress about table assignment and allocation of tips and how unfair she had been. The disagreement got quite heated and their voices were raised, creating quite a bit of tension in the restaurant amongst the customers, or at least, that was my perception. 

Overall, I was not impressed with the food or the service of this restaurant. I would not recommend it. I will not be returning to try their breakfast or brunch, or even to give it a second chance. Unfortunately, that was my very first and last visit. You know what they say, you never get a second chance to make a first impression.