June14, 2017


Two For One Pizza
Headquarters
77 Progress Avenue
Toronto, Ontario
M1P 2Y7
Tel: (416)-646-0987
operations@241pizza.com


It has been many years that I go to your Two For One Pizza, location on Bloor Street West & Havelock Street, in Toronto, and in particular I am going there every Tuesday for the past few months as they offer special deal Tuesdays. 


There is a Korean, or Japanese (male) employee at the service desk that doesn't like me. He refused to serve me in the past, about few months ago, and this is what happened yesterday, on June 13, 2017: I went to get the pepperoni combo with bottle of water. As I was waiting in the line, king line, about ten people ahead if me, notably the man was serving everyone with fresh slices that were coming just out of the owen, but when I got to be served the man grabbed a flat slices our of the window. So, I asked him whether he was going to give me the fresh slices? The man yelled at me and said they are all fresh... I told him that I preferred the out of the Owen slice. He responded, "No", and further said, "Do you want these or not?", and then before I provided my reply he grabbed the slice and the bottle of water and took that away. He scraped me with bottle of water against my left hand as he grabbed the slices and the bottle and removed from me. So, I walked away without being served for second time, likely, I never go back until this man is there. This man is, generally, extremely rude and mannerless. He constantly speak sarcastically and disrespectful to his customers and that habitually. He repeats everything that customer tells him he wants, and always keeps kicking customers with a derogative and sarcastic remarks. For example, on one previous instance, about four months ago, I also asked him for fresh slices and then her replied, "but for those you are going to pay double". This man is such mannerless, rude and profound racist. He thinks that everyone us an idiot like he is. Such beneath any reasonable human decency. And he escalates to threatening and belligerency soon as customer disagrees with him or challenges him. To him it is his way or no way. Just terrible. And he uses profanities... f, go f...