The food was actually pretty great but their customer service was terrible! 

Earlier that day I had a coworker bring me lentil soup from this restaurant which was the best I have tried so I decided that I would actually go there for lunch. Upon entering the establishment I did notice there were a handful of people enjoying lunch so I kind of instantly thought it was going to be a great experience and since it was so close to work, I would probably make this a frequent place to eat. That actually would be the farthest thing from the truth!

I walked up to the counter and was not acknowledged for several minutes even though the women working behind the counter made eye contact with me several times. I reviewed the menu and decided on the lamb gyro platter and was going to be also getting a side of hummus to go for the girls at work. After a few more minutes a middle eastern couple came in and instantly the lady behind the counter said to them "Hello" and they replied hello back, still nothing was said to me, they started to talk in a language that I did not understand which was no big deal and they all looked at me, so the worker comes up and said "yes what would you like" I placed my order and also added an iced tea and went to have a seat. The couple ordered their food and sat down. 2 other middle eastern guys came in, immediately placed their order, the lady came from behind the counter gave them a hug, seemed friendly here. A white couple came in stood at the counter for exactly 8 minutes, I timed it and was never greeted and then they left without ordering anything. 

The 2 gentlemen that came in long after me were served their food first, then the couple immediately behind me received their food next which did include stuff that looked to have been cooked longer than lamb gyro meat. It was about 40 minutes after I sat down that I finally received my gyro that was not put together at all, I guess you have to build your own here.  I asked for my drink and she was all "Oh I forgot" then after she dropped it off I asked if there was any way she could bring me silverware and the hummus I ordered?  She laughed came back and literally dropped it on my table!  Nothing to go with the hummus either so I ended up having to go to Trader Joes after I finished my Gyro so that we had something to eat the hummus with.  

A few other people came in that were not caucasian and were promptly greeted and served faster than I was.  

Although I look caucasian, I am mixed but feel this is the first time someone discriminated against me for being part white! I know that sounds ridiculous but also witnessing the caucasian couple not be acknowledged at all makes me believe that these people really do not want anyone in here that cannot speak their language.

As i was leaving I did see the lady behind the counter and say "Thank you, have a nice day" and she just looked away.