Hello to all my fellow Az foodies!

Today I would like to tell you why I think if you are looking to enjoy some sushi and you think about trying Teharu in Tempe you should get back in your auto and drive over to your local grocery store and buy it there!  It has to be better than what you will experience here.

My friend has been RAVING about Teharu in North Scottsdale.  She tried it a few months back and has been a frequent customer since.

She came out to Tempe to meet for some sushi and having heard so many great things about the Scottsdale location and that the owner of each location are brothers I was super excited to check it out.

We went at 2:30pm, the place was pretty empty, yet that converyor belt was full of shushi... I am not sure who all that food was for but lets stop a moment and think about it... ok, so this conveyor belt runs the length of the dining room and there are maybe 10 people in the restaurant and you have to wonder just how long that food has been taking the "conveyor ride".

Absolutely NOTHING looked fresh and or appetizing....the freshiest looking food was the little cans of fruit that were "just along for the ride".

The signs indicating what the items were, were scarce.  They have maybe 4 or 5 of each item and each one had a different look and color....scary stuff!

The fried items sat under a plastic cover with the moisture dripping back into the food.


In theory conveyor belt sushi sounds good and although this may be common in Japan... this is Not Japan and it just doesnt work!

There were several items we had to take off the belt just to try and identify and we put it right back on...

I know you dont even want to consider this but.......... whos to stop someone from lifting the lids and touching the food as it goes by?

Like you, I would hope noone is inconsiderate enough to do something like that but really..... happens all the time!   Do you really want to chance it?

I tried  a couple items before I just couldnt do it anymore.

The ends of the fish were discoloring and turning up .

I wont bother to go into detail about any one item because there was not 1 item worth talking about.

My friend assured me that the Scottsdale location was nothing like Tempe and she said if she had tried Tempe location first she NEVER would have gone back or tried the other location.

It's the same for me... I made the mistake of trying Tempe location and I have absolutely no desire to try Scottsdale..

From what we were told 2 brothers each own one of the stores but they are run completely different..

So, heres a tip for the brother who owns Tempe location.....


LISTEN TO YOUR BROTHER!  DO WHAT HE DOES.... you are giving TEHARU a bad name!!  What would your mother think?

Oh yes, almost forgot to mention the employees... theres plenty of them... standing around ... but try to get some more water or wasabi!  HA!

I would honestly have to say in the MANY years I have been ejoying sushi...this was the WORST I have yet to experience.

One of the many reviews I read on Teharu wrapped it up to this...
"mediocre at best"... I feel that was extremely generous!

Usually at this point I say... go, try it...see what you think but I gotta say....

Dont waste your time or money and dont insult your taste buds.

Spend a few bucks more and go somewhere ...anywhere else!

And so I say, enjoy each day as though it were your last and enjoy!
Bon' Appetite