This place get negative stars! I had to pick one star but it doesn't even earn one. Awful! We arrived on a Sunday evening, there were 2 other tables seated. There was a gentleman who worked there standing by the bar and another employee standing there and neither greeted us. We stood there for a minute before I asked if we should sear ourselves. The answer was yes. 
We ordered a large salad for 3 to split with dressing on the side. Then we ordered 2 gluten free pizzas and asked if the 'classic lasagna' had cheese because it doesn't say on the menu. The waitress said there was. 
45 minutes later we get a small salad with dressing on. Waitress apologized and offered to bring another but it took so long we declined. 
30 minutes later our pizza came. One burnt the other was fine. A few minutes later the lasagna came without cheese. We never got refills and no one checked on us.  After awhile another waitress asked how our meal was and we spoke up and said, not great. She offered to get the owner. Well, watch out if you have a problem! We planned on just letting him know what happened and we were disappointed. He came to the table with his arms folded  (turns out he was the gentleman that was at the bar and didn't greet us either) asked what was wrong. We told him about the lasagna, the salad and before getting any farther he got defensive telling us his lasagna doesn't have cheese and if the waitress told us that, we shouldn't tip her. What kind boss tells you not to tip his employees???
We told him that's not what we wanted. He started getting defensive telling us it sounds like we do this all the time and HE never told us there wasn't cheese its our problem and kept telling us we don't have to tip the waitress and he's been open for 13 years of business and clearly he's been successful and it's us that was the problem.  I have never in my life experienced that treatment in a restaurant. I will never return here and I will tell people NOT to go here. I have no idea how they are business.