I have enjoyed TRH for well over 15+ years and each and every time its been an enjoyable experience. Quite frankly, it is one of my favorite restaurant's. I have visited almost every location within the metro Phoenix area and this location is the worst one on my list! Now I have been to this location before and the experience was not bad, however, last night would prove to be the worst experience ever. I know the wait time can be horrid at times which is why I use the call ahead option especially when we have a large group. We called about 8:15pm for a part of 4 adults and 2 kids, stated we would be there in about 30 minutes. We arrived about 8:35pm and checked in with the hostess who stated they were waiting for a half table/booth to open up to accommodate our party. No estimated time was given upon check-in. Its now been 45 minutes since we called ahead and my wife approaches the hostess to see what the wait is and she is told, we are still waiting for a table/booth to open up and those options were "freshly" seated. Now if we had called ahead 45 minutes ago and you knew we were on our way why was this "option" not saved for our party? It is about 9:30pm at this point(hour and 15 minutes) after our initial call ahead phone call and nothing has been done. People are still being immediately sat and there is no long wait times. We were approached by another employee/hostess who said we have a booth available and could put chairs on the end to accommodate your party, I stated, fine that will work. We had 2 kids who were hungry and wanted to rush. Nothing ever came of this option! Finally my wife and a friend approached the hostess again asking what the problem was, still nothing. 

We finally sat at the bar(not our first choice) to have some what decent service. The bar was not busy at all, the two bartenders were ok, nothing I would rave about in terms of service/personality. We had to ask for bread and our order to be taken. I finally went to get bread myself as our request seem to be ignored. We were told by the hostess the manager would be by to check in on us which he never did. The manager of this location is Chris, and let me tell you folks, this man needs a 1-1 lesson on customer service. He never came by one time to apologize for the mishap! Our food finally comes and it is good like it always has been. Our check comes and our friend asks to see the manager as he was suppose to come by. The bartender takes off to find Chris the manager and the spineless manager does not have the audacity to come to us and hear our concerns, rather he tells the bartender to give us a discount on the bill. Now mind you, Chris was sitting at a table 10 feet away chit chatting with employees! What does this say about this "manager"? Chris, take my advice and either find a customer service class and brush up on your skills or find another job! Your job is to handle these situations whether you like it or not! Don't use your employees to handle your "dirty work". 

I do not recommend this location to anyone, especially if Chris the manager is working! Such a horrible experience and now warrants this review. You had one job and could have easily resolved it right then and there, but you chose not too!