Stopped into this place since a few friends wanted to try it out. Boy I should have suggested somewhere else! Not a good place to eat at all. And it seems that the place does not know what type of decor it should be going for as none of it matched. They didn't stick with 1 design but had several that were completely mismatched. 

On to the food. Tried 3 of the items off the menu. First off was a Flat bread pizza & I cannot remember the price of it but whatever it was - not worth it. It was completely soggy in the middle & just no taste to it at all. My friend ordered that & I tried a piece of it but - gross. 

Truffle Parmesan Fries "sea salt, parsley, lemon garlic sauce" ($6) - It came with one dipping sauce which was just mayonnaise (seriously?) & the chunks of garlic were falling off but there there really was no taste to the fries whatsoever & they were not crispy. They weren't even salted. Since they were cool when we tried to add salt to them it would not stick. I've had Truffle fries at other venues & they at least have the truffle sauce on them - there was nothing present on these fries. Would not ever order them again. 

I ordered the Crispy Gnocchi "creamy pesto, Italian sausage, peas, crushed candied walnuts" ($7.50) because it sounded so excellent & after the complete let down of the other two food items I was still hungry. It seems that they forgot to put the order in as I had to ask them for it after sitting for 30 minutes & not receiving it but others that ordered food after me were getting their food. Finally when it did arrive I was grateful as I was starving after not have hardly eaten anything all day. I do have to say that this dish as great. I really loved it. Wished the portion would have been larger in fact. 

Service was good in the beginning of the evening as the bar area was not that full. But as the night went on we constantly had to flag bartenders down. Bartenders left our food dishes that we clearly were not eating from sit in front of us for over 45 minutes. At that point I placed them on the rail of the bar so they would take them. I would think that it would be common sense if you see plates that have most of the food still on them that you would ask if everything was ok or if you liked your food - nope finally took plates away with most of the food on them after I had to move them onto the rail where they make drinks without a peep if all was ok. After paying our bill we were still finishing our drinks & never once did the bar tenders ask if we needed anything else even when our drink glasses went empty & we were still there talking. Didn't even ask if we wanted another drink or a glass of water. In fact they were actually ignoring us & wouldn't even look at us or come to the place on the bar we were sitting. 

How this place has 4.5 stars is completely beyond me. I think it has to be the employees/owners/their friends writing the reviews to bump it up that high. The Crispy Gnocchi is what is saving them from getting zero stars (although I realize yelp doesn't allow zero). The other food & service gives them a zero. Even though the Crispy Gnocchi was great I won't be going back to this place. Not worth the drive even if it is close to my work.