This place is garbage.
I've had experiences at Fox & Hound before and I've always, always given them a second chance. Now, never again. They're done.

Let's talk about the past. I've been there when they have had waitresses call out sick and no one to cover. I've been there when there haven't been bartenders. I've been there -MULTIPLE TIMES- when the truck hadn't come in and there wasn't enough food. Imagine asking over and over for items off the menu and being told that there isn't food!

However, lets talk about the situation today.
We came during lunch. It was noon. There were maybe six tables and one waitress. We were immediately alerted that the bartender did not come in today.
So, let's get the score : restaurant of patrons, no bartender, one waitress.

We want to use my birthday reward and some other points on my friend's card. Great. We give the cards to the waitress and ensure she goes to check them to confirm our rewards before ordering. She doesn't. Since it took ten minutes to get greeted, we go ahead and order, reminding her to check the cards. We ordered three of the beer specials - on the screen in color in large steins. They arrive at the table - in regular glasses.
The score : restaurant of patrons, no bartender, one waitress, misrepresented beer special.

The food arrives nearly 30 minutes later. Hell, did the cook call in today as well? I see the waitress across the bar wiping down a table. The food is finally brought to us and its all wrong...all wrong sauces and such. We correct her and she goes to bring the correct sauces and configurations.
SIGH.

We finish eating and we ask for the bill. She still hasn't checked our cards for the rewards. Finally, she goes that and brings back the check. Apparently, my Birthday reward isn't there because you have to eat at Fox & Hound exactly on your birthday. What kind of nonsense is that! It's always been in the birthday month. Are they trying to make it harder to redeem? I wont spend my birthday DYING in a restaurant with slow service and inept waitresses. No thank you!
The score : restaurant of patrons, no bartender, one waitress, misrepresented beer special, food not correct, bad bad bad bad bad place.

Stay away from this place. No wonder the place was empty! 

Zero stars!!


vvv. Kari, we never spoke. I'm confused now.