The food is good, but the service ruins it, hence the 1 star.

I made dinner reservations for 5 people for 8 pm on Friday, April 18th. We had a movie show to catch at 9.45 pm, but I figured, 1-1.5 hour for dinner should be enough time. Boy, was I wrong. We arrived at 8 pm and 5 of us were seated in a booth for four people. Go figure! After 5 minutes, we pulled a chair for the fifth person. Not a big deal, but you expect better when you make dinner reservations before hand.

Anyhow, it took a good 15 minutes for our server to greet us. By this time, we had our entire order ready to be placed. At 8.15, we place the order. Our drinks were served at 8.25 pm. It was just Kingfisher, so I guess we got lucky there. 

It's 9 pm now, 45 minutes since we placed our order, and our food is nowhere to be seen. We try to get a hold of our very busy, slightly rude or maybe he just had a very dry sense of humor that none of the five people in my party really understood. We told the server that we had a movie to catch at 9.30 and were hoping to get the food asap now. The server tells us that our food is almost here, with no sign of regret. 

10 minutes later, it's now 9.10 pm, our food is still not here. My friend and I go over to the counter and ask our server (who is now the bartender?) and he tells us that we are second in line. Second in line 55 minutes from placing the order? You got to be kidding me! Anyhow, very politely we requested him to cancel our order, since we really didn't wanna miss our movie. Then our server disappears. We get hold of another employee outside the kitchen, requesting to cancel our order. At this point, we just wanted to pay for our drinks and get out of there! The second employee then goes in and 5 minutes later, our server comes out of the kitchen with our food. It's now 9.20 pm! Exactly 65 minutes from placing the order, and 80 minutes from being seated. We literally swallow our food and got out of there at 9.35 pm. Of course, we were late for the movie, and got the 3rd row from the front!! 

To sum up:
a) I made dinner reservations.
b) Got seated in an undersized booth for 5 people
c) Waited for 80 minutes for our food. 
d) Ate our food (which should have been a pleasant experience) in less than 15 minutes.
e) Got late for the movie.

Definitely one of the worst restaurant experiences!! NEVER AGAIN!