On Monday July 25 2016 at 12:30 pm, Myself along with four friends decided to dine at The Peppermill Lounge in Las Vegas. We are from Maryland and decided to visit this restaurant after seeing great online reviews. This is probably the only vacation we will have for the upcoming year so we wanted to indulge. We had no idea we would be so disappointed.

Upon entering the restaurant it was quite busy, that was completely understandable due to the population. The hostess was taking names and party sizes to be placed on a waiting list. I asked another patron about the wait who advised it was at least 15 minutes. Once at the front of the line a friend and I waited patiently for the hostess to acknowledge us. After about 10 minutes, were still not acknowledged. However, a female patron approached the hostess while we were standing there waiting and she was acknowledged. I guess I was born the wrong sex. The hostess proceeded to ask the woman her name and party size. Before the woman could respond my friend spoke up and stated that we had been waiting to be put on the list for some time now, he stated his name and our party size.

The hostess then stared at us in a rude manner, as if we did something wrong. We patiently waited for her to acknowledge us but we had to be the ones to initiate the communication to be added to the list and seated.

After waiting 30 minutes, our party of five was seated in the dining area. The server greeted us and delivered 3 waters to our table. Keep in mind, It was 98 degrees outside, a little warm in the room and we had a party of 5. We advised our server multiple times that we needed two more waters to accommodate our party of five. The server then immediately blamed the busboy. We were not trying to be confrontational, we just wanted 5 waters as we had a party of 5. Eventually after asking multiple servers and busboys we got the two remaining waters which took way too long.

Upon resolving the initial hostess and water issue, we were approached by a bar attendant. The attendant asked us if we would like to order any alcoholic beverages, we replied Yes. 

I ordered a Pina Colada. When my drink arrived, I took one sip and instantly experienced a taste that reminded me of sour milk. After taking a sip of the unsettling beverage I called over the waitress.

I explained my concerns with the drink, she then advised me that the drink could not be exchanged but they could attempt to fix the sour taste. She stated that there was nothing she could do and sent over a manager.

The manager, I believe her name was Peggy advised me that they could only attempt to fix the drink and could not make me anything different in exchange. She then chuckled as she said "You knew what it would taste like". I replied, I have never had a Pine Colada taste like sour milk. She then said she would be removing the drink from my bill, but wasn't very nice. I guess I was supposed to just deal with the taste of sour milk in the prepared Pina Colada.

After getting that issue resolved our server delivered our food, but failed to accommodate our condiment request. We made six different request for syrup and by the time it was delivered our French toast and waffles were cold. In addition, three of our meals came with muffins which we did not get until we were ready to leave almost 45 minutes later. This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had and will never forget the treatment we received.

Overall, the food was ok, but it came out late and incomplete. I felt totally insulted by the manager who chuckled as she said "You knew what it would taste like" in regards to the Pina Colada. I've had many Pina Coladas and they've never tasted like sour milk or resulted in a stomach ache. I almost feel like there was malice behind it tasting the way it did, and that's unacceptable! 

I felt discriminated against when trying to be seated, as me and my party was overlooked by the host, but other parties were helped. 3 parties that arrived after us were seated before us to be exact. Not to forget about the attitude we received when we initiated the communication to be seated. As a restaurant goer, I am totally disappointed in The Peppermill Lounge and will make it my business never to return to this establishment. I will also spread the word to family and friends.

In addition my friends who also bought alcoholic beverages stated the drinks had a weird taste. They also wanted to return there drinks but due to the managers comment they just paid for them without drinking them.