Recommended by a friend so we went for a celebration dinner since we love Indian food and love discovering new places.

I was greeted pleasantly by a younger woman and shown to a 2-top table against a wall in the main traffic aisle with a great round metal piece mounted to the wall (not recommended if you should go since this is where everyone walks in or out or to deliver food and it's right next to the washrooms).  It took some time to get a pint of Cheetah dark beer (yum!), but I was not in a hurry as I waited for my husband to arrive.  The rest of the evening, the service (or non-service) is our biggest complaint.  

Ordered samosas specifically with tamarind and mint chutney, since the menu only stated they were drizzled with a chutney.  Got samosas, over-cooked and brown, not golden.  There was oil on the bottom of the plate which was also a turn-off.  Served with no chutney, no napkin, cutlery or mini-plates.  An older lady came by, noticed the plates and cutlery missing, hissed at another woman to bring them to the table and went on about her business.  It took flagging down someone to finally get this settled.  The samosas were full of sliced potato but didn't have much flavour and I was disappointed in the overcooked pastry.  Would not order them again.

Read on Yelp that the tandoori fish was great.  We wanted to try a variety so we ordered the Zeera Special platter for $17.95.  It comes with tandoori chicken, garlic prawns (we only got one), chicken tikka and the fish, too.  Agree that the tandoori fish is done perfectly (moist, flakey, flavorful) and is the best thing I tried (hubby doesn't eat cooked fish).

Also ordered the Lamb Roganjosh for $12.95.  Good sauce with about 9 cubes of meat, but not enough.

Those of you who need to avoid seeds (Diverticulosis or other reasons) be advised:  we ordered the plain basmati rice and naan and both were riddled with seeds., not noted in the menu  The naan was really good.

Trying to get anything from the servers was difficult at best.  Even worse, it was rude.  The older man, who was an owner, was talking with us at our table about our desire to wrap up our food to take home and actually stopped and walked away while I was speaking to take care of men who'd walked in the door.  Another table had complained about their meal and were trying to leave as they had a 3-year old who was getting antsy.  My husband told me later that he'd had to get up and line up at the bar with this woman just to pay the bill.  It took forever, and when they ran out of paper for the cash register they made him wait while the woman went home to get more paper.

All in all, we spent quite a bit of money for not a great experience.  Worst of all, I got sick afterwards.  I can't claim it's from here.  Regardless, I associate it with this place.