Having a birthday so close to Christmas is a challenge; there are usually no good places available since everyone has Christmas parties and such booked. This being said I was quite excited that Korq had availability for us. This however was the only good thing about our entire experience.

Let me just go right into the details. We walk in through a weird curtain and are greeted by the hostess, we then proceed to walk up the stairs and right before we get seated the bar staff start yelling at the hostess telling her upstairs is closed off and why did she seat us up there, she then proceeds to yell back at them and then asks us if the table is ok. It is right beside the stairs and the server station so I point at another table further away and say, can we actually sit at that table (keep in mind we are the ONLY 2 in the restaurant at this time) She looks at the table and back at me and says "Ya, no you can sit here" drops off our menus and walks away.

We start perusing the menu when about 5 staff members come up the stairs and start arguing amongst each right in front of our table on how to set up/take down sections, then they proceed to bump our table with other tables and start taking down others in the same area as us. (Also, our table is not fully set either) after that loud and weird occurrence our server came over to take our drink order - but I am not certain I even want to stay due to everything that is happening (I failed to mention the ambience was horrible: hard lighting, loud rap/hip hop etc.) so we ask her for a bit more time....

Two other tables get sat and drink orders are taken in a span of 20 minutes or so and she still hasn't come back to check on us. Finally we make eye contact and that flags her down, we give our drink orders and would have given her our food but she takes off right after I tell her my wine choice. 

She drops off our drinks but still doesn't take our food order and then something strange happens, more people start to flood in downstairs (apparently a speed dating/single mixer) and it starts to get really loud. We are half way done our drinks when we get our food order in and finished them when the food arrives. We aren't asked if we want another drink and our water is not topped off.

We ordered the Calamari, Lamb Meatballs and the Margarita flatbread... All would be forgiven if the food was good, it wasn't. The calamari was so rubbery I had to put effort into cutting it with a knife, it tasted boiled and had some olive oil and chopped onions and cucumber on top. The meatballs/marinara sauce was very bland and actually tasted like bottled sauce and the meatballs tasted like they were from Costco. The margarita flatbread was not any better, it was missing cheese on one full quater, was cold and had no spice or pizazz the dough tasted like it was frozen and then baked. 

Overall this was a disaster with its bad service, bad food and very bad ambience, not a good way to ring in another birthday.