LAZY DOG DOES NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR PETS. 
They put onions in my friends dog dish and placed it on the patio floor. 
I did not order food for my dog. Only a water bowl. 

Onions contain an ingredient called thiosulphate which is toxic to cats and dogs. The ingestion of onions causes a condition called hemolytic anemia, which is characterized by damage to the red blood cells. Onion toxicity can cause the red blood cells circulating through your pet's body to burst.

Symptoms of this condition include breathlessness, lethargy, diarrhea and vomiting. 

Lazy dog did not research what can harm and possibly kill dogs before deciding to serve them - their management, kitchen and servers were NOT trained. 

Catching up with my friend over dinner - I look down and discover my dog is not drinking his water from his water bowl but instead in my friends dog food bowl which was pushed over to my side of the table by her dog. I keep my dog on a half length leash so he can't wander all over. 

I initially freak out - then rationalize and think "well ok lazy dog wouldn't put anything in the dog bowl that could hurt them. It is a dog friendly restaurant" 
I stated I do not feed my dog human food. 
This does not mean "I was cool with it" or didn't do anything to stop it." 

Lazy dog has chosen to misinterpret my words into saying "I was cool with it and gave him permission to eat the food" I never verbally said I was ok with him eating the food. It simply meant I wasn't going to let it ruin my dinner and become angry. I explicitly did not willingly allow my dog to eat out of the bowl with my knowledge. In fact my friends dog was growling at my dog for even being near his bowl. 

My dog reacted severely shortly after and rushed him to the dog hospital. He couldn't breathe and was struggling to vomit. I notified a small piece of clear onion in his vomit. As a result of onion toxicity reaction - he aspirated when trying to vomit. This means vomit got in his lungs and would cause pneumonia. He was in the emergency room for 24 hours on IV antibiotics. 

The female manager was rude and did not care when I asked what they put in the dog food bowl. She showed zero empathy when I stated my dog couldn't breathe as I was rushing him to the er. I needed what ingredients were in the bowl to report to my vet ASAP upon arrival. Per their manager "we will feed your dogs whatever" 

Lazy dog did not show any empathy or concern over my dogs health. They did not call the next day to see if he made if through the night. 

Lazy dog then sends us to their claims adjuster from Argo group. 
To proceed with the process he states a recorded interview must take place. 

Their claims adjuster interpreted my words as "I was cool with it! I have your recorded interview!" Raised his voice with me, and stated I acted negligently and he would of done anything to protect his dogs implying I am a bad dog owner. 

I expressed my concerns to the claims adjuster the fact that their grills, prepping, and other cooking surfaces could be cross contaminated with several food items harmful to dogs given there was no knowledge or training. 

I asked "how do consumers know the burgers for dogs are not grilled on the same surface as onions or garlic. How do consumers know there is not onion powder in the burgers you serve to dogs" 

I expressed I wrote in to lazy dog corporate office one more time as I was disappointed to say the least and their claims adjuster exclaimed "you will not be hearing from them! I am speaking on their behalf!" I stated I didn't think I was asking for much to speak with them. 

Lazy dog chose to hide behind their claims adjuster who raised his voice at me, misinterpreted my interview, put words in my mouth, and acted aggressively in our conversations when I tried to make sure other dogs would not be harmed in the future. 

Joel acknowledged the staff was not trained. 

I secret shopped their location in summerlin 2 months after the fact and the waiters still were not trained as to what is toxic for dogs when I inquired. 

This incident took place in april. I secret shopped in may. It is now end of June. I have been biting my tongue patiently before writing this post to give them the opportunity to rectify the situation. 

I have given lazy dog every opportunity to act with integrity and do the right thing. 

Technical legalities aside - I am NOT looking to sue for emotional distress or bank any extra cash. I am looking for my full vet bills to be compensated and a simple apology. Lazy dog is not capable of this. 

Lazy dog offered $1000 which does not cover all my vet bills in exchange for signing a contract to silence me and not allow me to speak about this incident with anyone. 

They covered my friends vet bills in full who ordered the dog food. 

I am not biting my tongue anymore. 

Anything you have to say to continue to point the finger at me lazy dog only makes you look worse.