Oh My Fricken GOD!

What happened to "Southern Hospitality?" 
I'm in Charlotte for business and now at the airport on my way back home. Ok, it's very early morning and you rush to the airport mostly just to get through security. Then you have all this time before you board. How about breakfast?

In concourse A there is not much choice and I wish for a sit down breakfast with bacon and eggs. Wendy's is open at 5am but let's do something just a bit better. 

There is an Uptown. It's open at 5:30. Ok I'll wait a few, and a few, and a few more. Another passenger and I are standing by the half open gate at 5:37 waiting. No one looks or even cares. One person come close as she closes off a section the quickly turns away. Then she walks back and opens the gate the rest of the way and sets a sign next to me and walks away. 

The other passenger and I are asking each other "Is that the signal to go in?"  Again no response, then I found a table by the window and started to get settled in when the bartender proclaimed "If you are a single, move to the smaller tables so we can use the Four top for larger parties."  

What, no "Good Morning" before you chastise me for making an obvious to them offensive table selection?  I turned and she was looking at me with discuss, pointed to her left indicating the single tables. I was surprised and flabbergasted. I looked over that direction and there was another open gate, I headed for it. Then I hear "Sir, are you going to sit down?"  I normally do not cuss at stupid people because it makes me feel stupid. But some how that F-Bomb got out there. 

First. If you see your customers queuing up, greet them with "Good morning, we will be ready for you in just a few minuets." 
Second.  When the gates open welcome your customers in. 
Third. "Hi sir, may I ask you to please sit at those tables?  We would like to use those tables for families and large parties. 

But since it's only 5:42AM I SHOULD give them a brake for their very bad customer service.