Went in tonight to get a late bite to eat. Got inside and realized how cold it was in the restaurant. When we were being seated I realized as she was taking us to a booth how uncomfortable that would be with the back of my legs exposed to the vinyl. I asked the waitress if we could switch to a table and she then started to tell me how she had to vacuum and just over all a bit cranky that I made a request to move to a table. Ok so to give you more insight, I'm tiny, 95lbs 5ft very petite. I am routinely cold and I always bring a sweater every where I go. I had my jacket on but I had on running shorts that exposed the back of my thighs. I just didn't want to sit and eat and be cold the whole time. So while the waitress has moved me and headed back to the kitchen my bf went to the restroom which is in the same vicinity of the kitchen. He comes back and he seems visibly upset and asks me if I want to leave. At the same moment the waitress comes back from the kitchen making some comment about offering me blanket from her car. I can't tell if she was being sarcastic but she seemed angry and it made me very uncomfortable. Her offer made my bf even more angry at this point and he abruptly asked me to leave. Once we were outside he proceeded to tell me that he could hear her from kitchen mocking me for making the request. Also making reference to my body and size and that some how any of that kind of judgement  about a customer or any human being is ok. 

Really left a bad feeling about a place we visit regularly and my bf eats there about once or twice a week with his daughters. After hearing that, you could spend time wondering what else has been said about any of us. 

That night we left , 1/2 mike down the road to iHop. Very sweet waitress, young girl, college student great manners great service, good job mom and dad. I made the same request there to move to a table, she didn't even blink. Waitress from Village Inn could learn a thing or two about how to treat people.

Now she may have had a bad night, I have no idea. But I do know she had a chance to recover when she saw my bf upset. Instead of realizing her mistake she ramped it up a bit more as her tone came off like "don't let the door hit you on the way out."