I sometimes wonder why I put myself through the agony of ordering from this Papa Johns - not the first time this was a disappointing experience.

The pizza is pretty standard Papa Johns - you're not getting anything authentic from any of the big chain pizza shops.  It's quick, easy, and there's usually some type of deal that gets you cheesy bread, chicken, or dessert included. I admit it - when I'm home and too lazy to cook I like a deal. 

So I know I'm getting a pretty basic pizza - but i always hope to at least get what I order. Well, don't count on it here. The frustration at this store isn't the actual pizza, it is the lack of attention to the order.  They either don't read the tickets or don't care - not sure which but it's consistently a problem here. 

Not too long ago I ordered a pizza and checked the box for "well done."  I like a bit of brown, bubbly cheese to top my pizza.  I also have a deep aversion to any of that squishy raw dough under the cheese.  The store delivered my pizza - not well done and not brown. It actually seemed kinda raw throughout. When I called, they told me that the oven was broken so they couldn't do a well done pizza cause it would burn. How does a pizza shop not have a properly working oven??  And why did they assume that I would be ok with getting a pizza they knew it wasn't prepared to my order?!  Ugh...

Yesterday, again, I ordered a well done pizza but I received a pizza with the cheese barely melted. It was white and pasty looking. Yuck.  The center was mushy and doughy - just like I DONT like it. 

The deal was to get an order of cheese sticks with the pizza (for less than the pepperoni pizza by itself?). I ordered it with ranch dip. It, of course, arrived with pizza sauce. At first I thought I forgot to change the default sauce choice, then I saw the side of the box - "Ranch".  #Fail #FailAgain

So - I guess if you want a PJ Pizza you have two options. 1) accept that your not getting what you order and move on with it or 2) go pick up your own order so that you can check it and make them fix whatever is wrong before you leave.

Or, you can be like me and choose option 3) don't order from this Papa Johns anymore.