We tried eating the food but it was just like trying to fry water, it's a YIKES and Eeks! Methinks not!

We also got the same service as Yelper Susan D. We got the impression that we were a bother coming in but we got that treatment from two women working there. But I did get a smile from the one woman when she saw we stopped trying to eat and left almost all our food and she offers boxes I say no then she says, "YOU NO LIKE" I just smiled back and that is when I got the smile or maybe she was holding in laughing not sure.

I will say I did like the hot tea we started out with and my husband got the $3 extra soup , egg roll , crab puff add on . My husband thought the soup was good and the egg roll was crispy . I ate the crab puffs and they were fried nice and the oil seemed fresh I thought the crab puffs were better than most places because they almost looked like crabs . At this point the service didn't bother me because I thought the food would be good .

I ordered the spicy eggplant with chicken and I don't know how it was prepared but the chicken was minced unseasoned  hard and dry , the chicken was NOT EDIBLE . The sauce was not spicy it was like they dumped egg drop soup (with out the egg) over the chicken and stir fried eggplant. The thick chicken soup or sauce didn't taste good it seemed house made but it seemed like they didn't use any aromatics or salt or pepper in preparation and instead of good the sauce tasted like the way raw chicken smells also lacking any Asian Seasoning . Wong's was generous with the amount of eggplant in my dish but I couldn't stomach the sauce on it. I ate mostly steamed rice I think it was regular rice because it fell off my fork and didn't stick.

My husband ordered the Szechan Beef and neither of us could eat that one either although it was very slightly better than the spicy eggplant chicken . The beef was tough but it was seasoned but not in a good way it was very salty and I think like you dumped soy sauce on it . The sauce tasted very thick like brown gravy mixed with soy sauce and vegetables were mostly celery and a few mushrooms .

I know I already said enough but depending on where you sit in the dining room you might have a strangers butt near your face because half the dining room is raised and you might be next to that and who know, that person might need beano .

I would NEVER SAY not to go here, You might like your food that way. Also I am guessing and Hope the REAL COOK wasn't on and they are normally better....I HOPE

My husband left hungry and stopped at the Hot Diggity Dog Cafe Cart that sets up at the Home Depot Parking lot on Bell and 67TH he said the $4. Chicago Style dog was really good and said he'd stop there whenever we get bad food out. I lost my appetite.