I've been to all of the Dos Gringos locations in AZ, and all of them have the same problem: AWFUL service and garbage food. Otherwise, it's your typical obnoxious 20 somethings kinda bar that serves its purpose, to get drunks to hang out and order cheap bar food. God knows why or how this chain has lasted so long, it's really nothing that special and there are way better cantinas and mexican style dives to go to.

You can't expect too much from a little cantina that caters to 25 year old drunks, but you should expect a tiny bit of quality in service or at least edible food. The food is typical generic bar food that happens to have a few tomatoes and cheese passed off as mexican. The tacos are small and falling apart and are the same thing you'd find at a del taco, for 3 bucks more. The chicken wings are disgusting...DISGUSTING. Take a good wing, throw it on the street, let it get run over and dusty in the hot sun, then re-fry it and let it turn rock hard, and that's what dos gringos has for wings,  I kid you not. The absolute grossest and inedible bar food ever. If you come to this place you better only order hard alcohol, because the beer is gross and flat, I don't know how a bar can manage to screw up beer, but they sure did here. I never felt more cheated out of cash then when I spent it here on this stuff, I never ask for a refund, but if I did this would be the first time.

I used to get dragged here a lot years ago by drunk buddies, and honestly nothing has improved or changed since. When you arrive it will take at least 30 minutes to get a proper order going, the service is slow and ignorant of people. If you show up on a busy weekend night, you will wait forever, but the sad thing is if you show up on a slow night on a weeknight, you will still wait forever. The servers are all over the place, they don't seem to have sections or areas they just wander all over and pick people to wait on in no organized fashion. The last time I went here with people I had a server or bar-back whatever he was take a drink order and an ice water, after waiting 15 minutes, (and the bar was only like 50 feet away) he brings me my beer and a flat water in a tiny plastic cup and gives the party of young girls next to us tall plastic glasses with tons of ice and smiles. I guess he figured I wasn't a single 21 year old girl so I didn't matter. After that he vanished and 10 minutes later I got a girl server who was okay and made things fast enough. No complaints with her, she did her job, I just wish she showed up first and not the dude who already left a bad impression. He was some arrogant british dude with the puffed out chest attitude, he flirted with all the tables full of girls but could not give a c-r-a-p about anyone else, especially us guys.  I hate arrogant servers, bars or not, get your head out of your butt and grow up, cause guess what pal? good service=tips, bad service=no tips. Any good server knows that if you want to do well, you show a good attitude and be nice, don't treat people like they are lowly little peasants there to stare at the miracle that is you. FAIL. If that's your kind of attitude go work for abercrombie and fitch in a mall in scottsdale seriously.

What can you say? It's a dive bar for the young drunk people of chandler and scottsdale to hang out in, that's really all there is to it. It's a place your drunk buddies drag you to. If getting wasted on tequila or corona is your thing, then this place works, otherwise it's a hot, crumby little dive with nothing else around it and you'd be smart to go elsewhere like mill ave or downtown phoenix.

I'm a fair reviewer too, I don't give low grades for nothing...the service was slow, I sat around texting and waiting too long, I waited a total of 25 minutes to get 1 beer and an ice water, it took 2 servers to make that happen for my group, the food was absolutely stale, and that's it. I'm really surprised to see the 4 and 5 star reviews, these people must have written them while drunk, its the only way DG can get a 5 star.

I will never be dragged here or come here again, the last time was the last straw of many past straws. Yuck dude.