The worst salon on the planet!!!
I went to get my gel nail manicure and pedicure done after I purchased the living social $35 deal. The nails were done by Chloe Adrianna DeTillio. That was on Saturday at 2 pm, at 4 pm one of my nail fell
Off.. I was like , alright, I'll call the salon. When I called the owner said there were closing and I'll have to wait until Tuesday to get them fixed. She didn't apologize or sound concern. Who cares I'll walk around with one of my nail chipped off for a few days!!
So Tuesday comes and by then I have all my nails come off . I call in the salon to see if I can swing by to get the nails  fixed and the owner picks up the phone . As soon I explained to her I'm the one who had called on Saturday she tells me she's gonna "transfer " me... She "transfers " me to the voicemail. I call again and she did that 4 times! Finally I ask her: Excuse me, where are you transferring me to? She answers: To the reception!!  and she hangs up.
So I drive over there. I walk in and the owner is getting her hair done playing a possum she's not the owner. The reception lady tells me there's nobody who could do my nails today. I ask for refund. She tells me she needs to talk manager...and that..the owner is off today...!!
I was thinking to myself it was kind of a joke or something ... So what I do is I walk over to the nail area where I got my nails done and who I see is the girl who messed up my nails!!! I just couldn't believe my eyes!! She was with a customer so I tell her that my nails  all came off and I need to get them redone. She looks like she had nothing to do with it and tells me she was busy. So I go back to the reception lady and tell her that that's the girl who did my nails and I ask her why she had told me there was nobody who could fix my nails? She answers that she didn't know that girl does nails. All she knows she does ..hair!!! At that point I was like: really, wow, no way... Do you guys know each other at all or you are all strangers here????
So I insist on getting my money back at that point because I realize I don't want to stay at that crazy house anymore... Then , finally, the owner AKA customer with her hair getting done comes out of her possum like state. She comes up to me and squeezes me upper arm and starts pulling me towards the exist saying I'm interrupting the service and that I needed to leave.. I ask her to give me money back so she threatens to call the police. So I left. I walked out and called the living social. They told me they don't refund once the coupon is redeemed and that I have to settle with the owner of the salon. So...what I do is I call the Henderson police! Yes! I felt like I was treated like a criminal being escorted out from the salon. The police came and did the report but I didn't want to proceed any further with it. All I wanted is my money back that's all. The officer from the Henderson police was very nice and understanding. He went in there and spoke to the owner and ,of course ,her two and a half witnesses denied that she had grabbed me..and she still wouldn't agree to refund the money , so I just left her like that with that. I called the living social again with the police officer and they credited me with $35 being understanding as well. Everybody was understanding and in their right mind but the owner!! Why would she do living social deals at all if she's not interested to get out of her way and keep the customer??? Instead, she scares them away!! And she needs to open up a theatre company not a nail salon. It was the show I could only see in a big movie production..Just simply unbelievable!!
Will never go back there ever again!!!
Don't ever buy their living social deals either !!