Worst customer service ever! We stopped by this place because I had a major craving for fried chicken and saw it on our way. Boy, that was a wrong decision! Not only does this place overcharge but the employees' rude attitude was what made it unbearable. We ordered the 16pc combo-spicy and was told by the guy who rang us up that the wait would be 15 mins, we were fine with it. Then about 5 mins after our first order, we went up to order another two combos because we thought there might not be enough food. There were 3 workers behind the counter and yet all of them ignored us because they were talking to this one employee from Walgreen. If my brother in law didn't call to their attention, we would have waited for a while. Nonetheless, we disregarded and went ahead to order our chicken tenders. 30 minutes later, they still didn't call our order but I saw them handing out chicken tenders to other customers who placed their order after us. My brother in law decided to come up and ask when our order would be ready and this one girl Shay snatched the receipt from him, took a look at it and raised her voice at him saying that 'we told you it would take 15 mins', then slammed the receipt on top of the counter. That obviously ticked off my sister as she told pumpkin Shay that we waited for half an hour already. She then proceeded to throw our chicken pieces into the box and wouldn't stop even when her coworker (the guy who rang us up) snudged her; she even shoved his hands away. Obviously, her mood turned sour afterward and we noticed she was being totally rude to other customers as well. So now we can't even tell whether Shay was just being racist to us because we were the only Asian group there or she was just a crazy dawg that pretty much barked at every person who came her way. Regardless, that's not how she should serve her customers. Long gone was the day she came in for an interview and was asked situational questions on how to handle certain incidents. I agree that I can't expect 5-Star service at Popeye but I am certain that we don't deserve this kind of treatment either. She paid with money to get our food, we didn't beg for it. Whoever the manager of this store is should either get fired for allowing such behaviors at their store (anyone can tell that this isn't the first time Shay throws her tantrum, she must have done it a lot of times for her not to give a crap about anyone anymore) or retrains his/her employees. Maybe we can try and post on Facebook how Shay mistreated her customers and hopefully the manager is smart enough to pinpoint what goes wrong and perhaps they can start educating Shay to stop biting every hand that feeds her and start acting like she's in the customer service industry for once.