I am a foodie (and a Top Chef Fan), so when I ran across an online offer for a prefix four course meal and a great price for RM Seafood, I made a reservation for myself and three of my colleagues.  When I made the reservation, I wasn't made aware that their were two dinning rooms (I hadn't mentioned that we would be using a special offer either) which would have been nice.

I called to confirm the reservations weeks before and was told they had no record of it.  They reset the reservation and even called me the day before to confirm it.  When our party arrived, I was told "We show no reservation for you".  Huhhh?  We were then shoved into the back corner near the bar across from a drunken group of conventioneers. Lovely.

Once the server appeared, we gave her the dinning vouchers and with a roll of her eyes she said "let me get you your SPECIAL menus".  The offerings were only a step above the kids menu at Denny's.  Had the vouchers not been prepaid, we would have passed entirely.

The manager, Paul came over and aggressively explained how he had been snookered into this "coupon thing" that was to have been offered to locals only.  He offered no solutions to our concerns. We were stuck and tried to make the best of it.

The amuse, was not amusing. I am still not sure what it was, as it was the smallest taste I have ever seen.  Like they split one amuse into four micro-units.

We decided to order regular menu appetizers of crab cakes, ahi tuna tartar and fried calamari, which arrived a full 30 minutes after being ordered. Each were unexceptional in taste and presentation.  The only thing memorable for each of these dishes was their large price tag.

For the second course were had wedge salads were a fair attempt, though the apple walnut salad that I received had an unpleasant brown hue.

Three of us ordered the Cioppino that was offered for the third course.  It was horrible!  The shrimp was over cooked and the mussels could have passed for those plastic sushi bar models. Two sorry bread sticks straddled the bowl hoping not to fall in.  Needless to say - dishes were barely touched. One colleague ordered the Artic Char, which she said was tasty.  Lucky girl.

The dessert was an ice cream tasting game.  Which could have been a great deal of fun, had we not been so disappointed with everything else at that point.

We were shocked and dumbfounded when we received the bill (baring in mind the the four courses had been prepaid) at the cost of four cocktails, a bottle of so-so wine, appetizers and a hefty gratuity which was added on.  $ 480.00 additional!

So, in summary: Bad front desk, bad management, terrible ambiance, slow service (7:00 pm reservation, left at 10:45!), iffy to horrible food, astro-prices!

RICK, GET A GRIP ON THIS PLACE THAT BARES YOUR NAME!