I didn't have a great experience at Gus's NY Pizza Lounge (http://www.yelp.com/biz/guss-ny-pizza-lounge-scottsdale) in Scottsdale after a recent evening of drunken debauchery, and while I was hopeful that Slices Pizza wouldn't let me down quite as much? It did. 

Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?

So you've just emerged from the Mill Ave. club scene having no doubt made various mistakes of any and every kind, and more than anything in the world, you require sustenance. Well, you're not only in good company, but Slices is one of the few places thats both walkable and open as far as Pizza is concerned, so you trot on in, hopefully with a recently found temporary companion in tow that won't have you questioning your choices in life come morning. As far as service? It's pretty straight forward. You walk in, you wait in line, and you're given some lamp-warmed pizza from someone who probably won't judge you to the extent that the normal human being should. Star Granted. 

Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?

Yikes. I was in no state of mind to take a photo, but $3.55 got me a what was a pretty standard sized piece of pizza (Pepperoni Jalapeno in this case). You can see pics from other users on here, but needless to say, that's not even close to being worth it. $3.55? That's a king's fortune at any drive-thru window even at this hour. If we were looking at top of the line authentic New York pie? Sure, but we're not. No Star Granted.

Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?

Blech. Again, Gus's wasn't good, but I dished out a star here because they had a unique gyro flavor. Slices doesn't have a unique gyro flavor, and thus I can't really think of a single good thing about my meal there. The pizza was greasy, the crust too soft, the cheese and toppings essentially tasteless, and the portion of toppings weak. It didn't make me sick, so I suppose that's a positive. No Stars Granted.

Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?

I've had better. Way better, and that's the definition of two stars. I probably won't be back. No Star Granted.