Okay first off this review is only for the Superbowl party,  not the normal operations of this bar.  I go to Las Vegas at least twice year, and I go to Toby Keith's every time we are down in Vegas and we never had a bad time there.  Always has good live music playing during the night, even got to see Toby Keith sing one time.

This was the third time we have gone to Toby Keith's for their Superbowl party.  Got in line to get time at around 10am like last year.  Doors opened at noon.  First noticed that they didnt arrange the tables into long rows like they did in the past, but whatever a lot of places leave their restaurant area tables alone during special events.  We took a table in the of the restaurant area because there were five of us in the group.  The screen that we had seemed smaller that what was there last year but that could have been just due to how much further away to it we were.  The buffet was the same as years past, decent nothing to write home about.
Now the reason I am writing this review.  The service was ... hmm, I cannot come up with the best word to describe how bad it was.  As part of the package you get 4 bottles of either Coors Light or Miller Light.   I would have drank way more than that in the coarse of the 6 and half hours we were there.   Between the time we sat down to half-time (about 4 hours) I had 4 beers.  I ordered a beer every time our waitress came by.   Yes I am saying in 4 hours we got checked on 4 times.  This whole time I am watching the tables around us get checked on by their waitresses multiple times and even asked a few to help us for absent waitress.   
A little way into the third quarter our waitress returns to us to tell us that she needs to close out as its the end of her shift.  Okay fine.  Lets hope the next one will check on us more.... not really sure there was ever was anyone else assigned to our table because it wasn't till the fourth quarter I finally complained to a "manager" about the lack of service.  He said he would take care of this.  Sweet, a new waitress showed up took our next round.... And we didnt see her again.  So at this point Toby Keith's will not be seeing us next year as we will be at a different Casino's Superbowl party.