_ Okay let me be super honest, I feel the need to express my most sincere thoughts about this place. If I could give them a ZERO star review I would!
   I really liked this place before, the service used to be good, just chill natural treatment, the hidden/sneaky location, and let's not forget the vibe and the out of the ordinary sandwiches they offer, yet tasty. 
  However my recent visit there made me change my mind entirely.
 I do not plan on ever visiting this sandwich location again, maybe a different spot with a better care for customer satisfaction, but definitely not this location.
  On my visit here, it was about 10:30 a.m., with no traffic, at least not as busy as normal peak hours for breakfast/lunch. 
  Yet, they managed to take 15+ minutes to prepare a sandwich. I would like to add that by the looks as when I came into this establishment they had a full kitchen staff, as well as helping staff at the registers. Still they managed to take that long to make my sandwich, and I honestly think that they forgot my order, but they failed to recognize that, I asked the girl at the register, who by the way was insanely rude If she still had my order for, "The Perfect Storm" which was their special hot sandwich for the day, she said yes, but first asked me again for my name, as well as to remind her what I had ordered.
    I then figured that she had forgotten my order, and I believe they did because the people behind me and those behind them after my order were getting called for their sandwiches and I was still there waiting.
    I don't understand why they feel like they can take all the time they please to make a sandwich and then not even give a simple apology recognizing their mistake.  That apology would have made it much better, word of advice, just show a little more consideration next time please.
   I was in no big rush, yet I could be doing better things with my time other than checking back on my sandwich order to make sure they didn't forget it. Then after all that mess the sandwich was not what  I expected it to be, way too much cheese and oil. Sorry not my style nor taste. 
The board clearly advertised a Grilled Turkey, Melted Swiss Cheese, Sautéed Mushrooms & Red Bell Pepper, Tomato, Romaine Lettuce, Honey Mustard, and On a Toasted Baguette. Sounds tasty and healthy right, not the case for this baguette.
* TOTAL Dissatisfaction *Terrible service by the girl at the register *Not up to par sandwich
 -Good reasons why to never ever come back. - Oh and terrible tea!!