I would like to rate the food, but it never got here. The delivery driver came to our work, sat in his car for 5 minutes and then came to door and knocked. The door was answered immediately and the driver said that he had been waiting at the door for about a half an hour. (Surveilence cameras confirm the park and wait 5 minutes.) We told him to just hold on for a second while we grabbed the person who placed the order (there are about 50 people in the building at this time) and he told us to not to call there again while he is literally shoving his foot in the door. Since we are in a secure building, all deliveries need to stay outside of the door. Literally about 30 seconds later the person who ordered came to the door and the driver was already getting back in his car. Since this order was placed through Eat 24, the person who ordered called them back and was promptly told the restaurant was refusing to give any money back because we made him wait unreasonably long. Eat 24 was kind enough to oblige my employee her money back in the form of credit to her account. Unfortunately, my employee was now on her lunch break with no lunch and heaping helping of crappy service from a cranky curmudgeon. I called te restaurant to see if I could reason with their manager and provide proof of the driver lying about the wait time (which could also be proven with Eat 24 call records) and also to see if we could get past this as my employees order daily from this estabishment. I was given the run around by the staff and eventually hung up on. I called back and they told me that they would have the manager call me back. It has been 3 weeks and I have not received a call back. I am glad that some people have a great experience with Palermo's Pizza, but as for my employees...not one of them will ever patronize or reccomend this restaurant to anybody. Customer service is as important to a restaurant as it's product, if their customer service is a reflection of their product they must be making a killing in the sale of feces.