I'm extremely sad to give this one star review but I feel like this is one of the only ways to get my voice heard. I love capriotti's and have been a weekly customer for the year I have lived in Las Vegas.

 Tonight I ordered my usual Chicken Cheese Steak from Capriottis, it's one of the only things I order there, other than the Bobbie. My wife picked it up on her way home, after a long day (we wanted easy dinner). When she got home she savagely ripped into her sandwich excited for the cheesey chicken goodness. She took a bite without looking only to be surprised it was beef. She spit out the bite and put it back on the plate she was eating it on. I volunteered to call and go back to the store for us and replace the sandwich. When I called and explained what happened (this has happened before, no big deal), I was asked to BRING BACK THE WRONG SANDWICH. I have had my order wrong before and this is the first i've heard of this. The town square location literally will deliver the sandwich if they get it wrong. 

Anyway, I drove back to the store with the sandwich bag and gave the guy working (really nice guy) my sandwich. He opened the bag and looked and said "There is only half a sandwich here..." I remembered that I only brought 1/2 the sandwich back because the other half was still sitting on the table. I said "Ok.. well I thought the purpose was to make sure you in fact made the wrong sandwich- which you obviously did". He then calls Carl Zwick, the "district manager". Carl informs him that I am only to receive half a replacement sandwich because I only brought half my sandwich back. 

ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I go to this capriotti's a couple times a month, bring all my friends there when they are in town, etc. This is how you treat your customers? 

Carl Zwick, if you read this- you really need a lesson in customer service. First of all, mistakes should be expected when you are making food- it happens. However, the mistake should be rectified with as little to no hassle for the customer. I already had to drive back to replace it, wasting more of my night. 

Is half a sandwich worth losing a repeat customer from your location?