I am usually pretty generous with my Yelp ratings. The only other establishment I unleashed my wrath upon was the Sushi restaurant that somehow put a chewed up piece of gum in my food and then proceeded to blame me for placing it there. So what could have the Venetian done to piss me off? LOSE.OUR.LUGGAGE. Indeed... The venetian lost mine and a friend's luggage. 

It was the summer of 2012 (June 23 to be exact) and a friend and I were attending bachelorete festivities for one night only. We arrived early, changed into bathing suites en route to Tao Beach, entrusted our possessions to the bell and went about our day. Blissful oblivion. At around 2PM we went back for our bags. Still wearing that lovely bathing suit and cover up, and sticky from laying out with tanning lotions and sunblock. But Lo and Behold, our bags are nowhere to be found. I mean NOWHERE. We (including me, manager, and the other victim, fellow yelper Meredith M.) scoured their two luggage areas to make sure it was not missed SEVERAL times. Somehow, my ticket was found in the trash can. No explanation as to why it was there. Fast forward to 7:00PM and still no bags to be found and still wearing my bathing suit. By this time, also, we had missed pretty much all bachelorette activities. After what felt like pulling teeth, we received some cash to buy necessities to get us through the night. So, still wearing our bathing suits, we wen to the mall. In an hour, we had to get EVERYTHING. Even underwear. Bargain shopping in an hour was not easy. And I definitely had to bust out the plastic.

I felt we had to be following people around to find out what was going on. "We will call you in five minutes" would turn into never a call back and my friend and I trying to find SOMEONE that will help us.  Though I lost a lot - my favorite shoes, my favorite dress, my make up, jewelry, ETC ETC ETC. The worst part was dealing with their claim resolution department. They also don't answer phone calls or reply to emails. 

Subpar re compensation and crappy service.....

..... NO THANKS!