Gold spike is really fun. This is usually my go-to bar when I want to go out with my friends or if I have people in from out of town. I believe I have written a review on Gold Spike before and it was a good review. However the review I'm going to write right now is not a good one unfortunately... I was throwing a bachelor/ bachelorette party this last weekend and I had 10 people with me, I had plans of bringing everybody to Gold Spike for months. Telling everyone how awesome this bar was, the adult games, the atmosphere, the entertainment, everything was awesome there! well we get there and two of the people in our group of 10 we're wearing plain white t-shirts and because they were wearing white t-shirts we were not let in. They told us if they had writing on them it would be okay but a plain white T-shirt was not acceptable. I live in Las Vegas and I absolutely realize there is a dress code for most everywhere you go but a white f****** t-shirt are you kidding me!?! All of us looked very nice, we were probably were more dressed up than we should have been for Gold Spike to be quite honest with you... so because two people in our group of 10 were wearing plain white shirts they turned our business down. I personally was very upset because I come here all the time and I come with groups of people to this bar all the time, I also sign up for the contests they hold here. So the fact that I talked this place up and had plans of bringing 10 people here that were from out of state and didn't get in really pissed me off. It completely ruined our plans for the whole night. And that whole night was on me because I was the one who planned it. Gold Spike is more of a light, casual, fun bar, it's not a f****** club, so the fact that they are so strict on someone wearing a white T-shirt is really annoying...ESPECIALLY because it was a big group of people. And no where does it say that white t-shirts aren't allowed... nothing posted on the website and nothing posted outside the bar, so Gold Spike I recommend you put up your dress code up somewhere for people to see it for... that really wasn't fair and you're also about to get 10 s***** ass reviews now all over all over two plain white t-shirts...