You want to support small local businesses but I'm done! First, you never know when their going to be open or closed! Do you know how businesses stay in business? YOU HAVE TO BE OPEN TO MAKE MONEY! You can't just close because you feel like it and decide you want to take a week or weekend off! Who closes their business for 4 days because it's 4th of July? Folks family is out visiting and you're on vacation? Was Taco Bell or Roberto's closed for 4 days because of a 1 day holiday? Absolutely NOT!   It's bad enough you're closed on Sunday's and Monday's like you're running a beauty shop and not a food business! Secondly, you've been open about a year I believe and already raised the prices and I'm not sure why? Oh...and let's not forget you have to pay first online? And just because you paid online don't expect your food to be ready when you arrive! That's because the owner is slow and unorganized!!! Less talking and more working will keep your doors open! Third...the food quality has dropped drastically since I first started eating here! Your food is being fixed like they don't want you to eat! I shouldn't have to request beans, request cheese, and pretty much request food WITH my food order! I am a firm believer in paying for quality food but that's when the food you're receiving is actually quality! The only time my food is made correctly is when the wife makes it! He needs to stay in the office and allow his wife to run this establishment! Don't think people will continue to support you when you don't listen to customer concerns. And most of the food is pretty decent but the red sauce on the enchiladas is bitter and needs a pinch of sugar to cut the bitterness. You need to say hello to customers and then fix their food! Stop the long conversations! People have other things to do then wait almost an hour for FAST FOOD! Google a business model for similar restaurants like yours and FOLLOW IT! Look at their hours of operation, visit them and watch how they handle customer service and stick to what they're doing! Don't try to reinvent the food wheel. You're serving Mexican FAST FOOD and that's what your focus should be on. Do you want to grow like Roberto's or are you trying to close your doors before they've had time to stay open? Lastly, stop trying to charge restaurant prices for fast food!