So I rarely do reviews and nor do i really leave 1 star reviews, but this is one of the worst experiences I have ever had. I am not from the area and I took a trip to Toronto to meet some of my friends. They chose this spot as there were decent reviews of the place and took a chance at this restaurant. As a party of 5 people around he ages of 22-24 we were treated with the least amount of care during the dinner rush. Generally, I am a patient and understanding person who knows about the working environment and how mistakes and other unanticipated occurrences happen. I tend to overlook mistakes because we are human and we all make mistakes, however, this restaurant wait staff took it too far.

I am very well aware of the Chinese culture and how some people do not care for western mannerisms and such which I do not mind at all. As we sit down and started to look at the menu, my friend remarked that he was not interested in eating much so we helped pick out something that was small, which was the beef satay in pickled noodle soup. As we wait for almost 45 minutes for our food to come out, we noticed that my friend had received an order that was different from the one he ordered. We spoke to the waitress and she insisted that we ordered this dish and would not change the order. There could've been some miscommunication so he ended up taking the higher road and just stuck with what he got. After all this waiting and such, I was eager to dig in to my beef brisket ho fun that I had been waiting for 45 minutes for. I would not have had such an issue with this problem if the food was good, but it was such a huge disappointment. Food was bland and greasy, took too long to get to us,  very skimpy on the meats and the wait staff was the absolute worst as they ignored/avoided us most of the time. Even with such bad service, I personally left a small tip and got up. Unfortunately my friends did not have the same grace and did not leave a tip.

As we got up and walked through the door, the waitress ran up to us and exclaimed that we did not leave a tip. She could not get it past her head that the service that was provided was below subpar and left us with one of the worst restaurant experiences we ever had. Needless to say, we will not be back at this restaurant for the lack of service, accomodation, and care that a customer needs. We fear that because we were a young group of people that we were put last in the priority list in the restaurant and I really do hope that they fix this and treat everyone equally.