"You guys left money right?" 

... Are you serious? Because that's the absolute last thing you would ever want to hear while leaving a restaurant- especially after experiencing one of the worst service ever, and we like eating out a lot.

Now I understand why this place is headed downhill. Informally known as "Gracie's", used to be one of my favourite hangout spots, with good food and a great atmosphere. But tonight's baffling experienced was the last slap in the face. 

Our poor excuse of a server forgot almost every order we left- even after we had to chase her down several times. Mind you, this was a Monday night. What ticked us off was that there was absolutely no sign of remorse or concern for her lack of professionalism or even ability to remember anything we requested. She certainly didn't forget to remind us that last call was at 10:30pm ... well, it soon became 10:45 (almost 40 minutes after we ordered), and we still yet to receive some of our order. Guess who forgot to punch it in? Guess who didn't forget to handle the whole situation with a simple one-word response, "shit"? I guess mommy and manager forgot to teach you your mannerisms.

What I find so amusing with some servers is that the moment you are ready to pay for your cheque, that's when your server immediately decides to become an attentive angel. I'm sorry, where was this accommodating service during my entire meal? That is not how you are going to earn your undeserved tip, honey.

Regardless, my dining partner and I still left a tip that we felt reflected the (lack of) service we received. And we were being generous. But the biggest ball kicker that topped off the entire shittastic night was that as we were leaving, the server had the audacity to chase after us to the door to ask us, "you guys left money right?"

What could anything even DRIVE you to make such a bold, unwarranted assumption such as dining without payment? And have the insolence to embarrass honest customers with such a outrageous accusation? 
The fact that a business is willing to humiliate themselves and even entertain the idea of accusing without any reason, does not deserve my business and certainly not my respect.