Went to this place on a sunday long weekend, for my birthday party. the thanksgiving long weekend. My first impressions from the phone call reservations was very professional and i was looking forward to it, the owner/manager asked to set up tables and extra servers for the night. and asked what time we wanted to end to better accommodate us in time. This was about the last of what i got as a good impression from this place. i had set up a large birthday part of around 35-40 people. My first impression when i got in, was that the place was not set up for any party, the tables he saved us had the most awkward shaped chairs, that took up a lot of space and required people to climb over each other to get in. The 2nd thing i quickly noticed was that the staff was slow, under-trained, and had no idea what they were doing all night. I don't know where was the extra waitress promised because i saw 2 waitress the entire bar, and 1 person cooking up top. We had occupied pretty much 90% of the bar, and it seemed like they were not used to a bar with actual people there. The service was horrendous at best. The servers mixed up everyone's orders. from food to drinks, and weren't sure of anything we asked them. The drinks they mixed were also terrible. On top of it the part that was unforgivable in my part. was the attitude we got from the chef up stiars. who basically was unfriendly for the most parts. They did not seem to appreciate our group, which everyone ordered multiple drinks. champagne bottles. wines, and lots of food, and paid graciously in tips. This place doesn't appreciate the business or tips. in my opinion don't do any event here. we spend a lot as a group, and the service was not up to par. The servers were lost most of the time, and had no idea what they were up to. The food itself was sub par as well. with the so called curry udon was beyond terrible, it was literally udon with curry paste without mixing it in the soup.. and they wanted to charge 9 something before tax. That is insane. 

Avoid this place like the plague, its a bar that has waitress who are lost. and staff who don't want you around even if you bring business.