Luisa, after eating in your restaurant since the day it opened, celebrating both of my children's birthdays yearly, tipping 25-40% every single time, sending friends, having showers and bringing clients...it all comes down to your rude daughter/manager. Our family has been loyal. We will miss Ken. He is awesome. We adored Petra and Carlos. Your daughter is rude and sucked at waiting tables because she has NO people skills and she sucks at managing. 

Since the day you opened as Dolce and not Dolce and Gelato we have ordered our children a side of pasta. Didn't know a "kid's pasta" existed. We have been charged $3. Last night when I was charged $7 for 25 penne noodles and a "kid's pasta" I said to the waitress "I ordered 2 sides of pasta." 

Your daughter then proceeds to come outside and tell me "someone has been doing me favors and she is going to fix this problem and I should never have been getting $3 side pastas for the kids." Excuse me. Favors? For my loyalty for 10+ years you accuse me of somehow stealing from you with "someone doing me favors." 

Can you read your own menu that says a side of pasta with an entree is $3?

20 noodles with butter is not worth $7. Ask 300 East, a kid's pasta is larger AND cheaper.

Ken, we will miss you. Petra, if you ever head back from Raleigh with your beautiful daughter come see us.  Hayley, good luck in school!

Luisa, fire your daughter. She sucks. She always has. She just lost you a very loyal customer because in spite of "someone doing me favors" it was the other way around. I did you a favor by being a loyal patron and allowing your restaurant to be such an integral part of our lives.

And, I recommend your daughter go work at Chick-fil-A, like I did starting at 12. They can teach her how to treat a customer.

Luisa, wake up. Your daughter sucks at people skills. She is rude and couldn't wait a table. Put her in the kitchen so she doesn't ever have to see a patron or interact with anyone and tell her to throw in a few more noodles for $7.

And, then I will do you a favor and consider stepping foot back in your restaurant again. On second thought, no I won't. 

Maybe the reason why you always have to be on living social or groupon is her and her "management."

Sincerely, Your once Loyal Customer