What a horrible experience for such a nice place! First off, food was way overpriced. I ordered the Ahi Tuna plate off the "Biggie" section and my plate was not even fit for being an appetizer. It was literally 5 pieces of tuna and itz and bitz of cut up pineapple and cucumbers. Presentation was nice but $18 for 5 thin slices of fish is insane and overpriced! I was left hungry and unfulfilled so I thought I will order a full Bibb Salad which was recommended by our waiter. He also asked if I wanted salmon or chicken and I thought it was included with the salad. No! It was $6 additional to salad. It would have been nice if he mention it. When the salad came 20minutes later, it was literally 5 leafs of romaine with cut up strawberries and walnuts. I was so disappointed that after two main course order I was still left really unfulfilled.

So after all that my bill came out to be $85.79 and I tipped 15$ in cash. That's a very expensive lunch for the sake that I end up leaving hungry and unsatisfied! Left so  unpleased but I was all like whatever and left it at that.

HERES THE ICING ON THE CAKE. A few days later, the restaurant withdrew an amount of $105.79 out of my account. Confused and furious, I called and talk to the manager who got my number down becus he couldn't find my transaction and said he was going to give me a call back but never did. I had to call back, at the point I was already irritated. It turned out our waiter(Randy) gave himself a $20 tip!!! What the heck. I have never had such a horrible experience. (Check your bank! If you wanna eat here) I really did try to love this place becus the vibe is right down my alley but really? What an inconvenience. I really wish they did something as simple as apologize for all of this but they were all really unsympathetic to their customers! 

It is really nicely decor and I love the 90's feel, but they are trying too hard to make it upscale with their overpriced items and fancy stuff. We are not in Scottsdale. Focus more on your customer and satisfying them so they can keep bringing you business.