My wife and I went last night, Friday.  This Chinese "food" was possibly the worst I have ever eaten, bar none.  I am a senior citizen and have eaten Chinese food all over the world, literally.  First the good parts: They were prompt at seating us.  Our appetizers arrived in very good time.  They brought us water straight away.  The place is somewhat clean, but not pristine.  The tables could use some wiping down and attention to condiment containers and arrangement.  The servers were polite and a bit attentive, but not great.  That's it.  Now the bad news:  We ordered hot and sour soup, beef pies and onion pancakes for starters as those dishes were raved about in this set of reviews.  The hot and sour soup was neither.  Very bland and almost flavorless, devoid of any semblance of taste, not even properly salted.  I added some of the Chinese vinegar on the table to give it a bit of sourness. The onion pancakes were flat, greasy, doughy, very undercooked and again, completely devoid of any flavor.  The beef pies were the best of the lot offering up a smidgen of taste, really not too bad, but my wife did not care for them.  For mains we ordered beef noodle soup and Kung Pao chicken.  My wife's soup was nothing more than beef broth in a bowl with some highly overcooked starchy noodles, about 3 small slices of some gristly thinly sliced beef and one baby Bok Choy.  She attempted to get some flavor out of it by adding a bit of salt, but the salt shaker was completely caked up.  When we could not get the waiter's attention we finally got the salt shaker from another table that was devoid of patrons at that time.  When the waiter did finally appear my wife pointed out the caked up salt shaker and handed it to him.  Instead of taking the object to the kitchen for some cleaning and rejuvenation, the waiter put the offending salt shaker back on the table from whence we had taken its replacement.  Seriously????  No excuse for that kind of sloppy behavior.  Now two parties would experience a "no salt" shaker.  The Kung Pao chicken, which I had ordered a bit extra spicy was pathetic, very small pieces of dryly cooked chicken absolutely smothered in oil.  To make it extra spicy they added, wait for it, sliced Jalapenos, an ingredient I find missing in any Chinese cookbook I have read.  Not a proper Asian type of chili pepper, but Jalapenos!!!  The flavor of the Jalapenos does not go well with the other Chinese spices at all and to top it all, it was not even all that extra spicy.  The food was so bad that we declined take out boxes as I did not feel that any of my own machinations could resurrect this disgusting array of garbage.  I am a gourmet cook by hobby and I have never in my life served even my most casual guests food this bad.  I also had to ask for a refill on my iced tea instead of the waiter attending to that automatically.  Oh, yes, that's another thing.  You can't get any alcohol at all.  That's not a show stopper, but it would have been a nice touch to have a beer with dinner.  The strange thing is that this restaurant has been rated 4 stars on Yelp and was full of Chinese people, usually a good sign.  There is competition out there, a lot of it, so this restaurant needs to raise its game, considerably.  I don't mean to be mean or snobbish, but this dining experience was awful, really awful and it is not that hard to do it right.