Have gotten food from here before. I remember their Philly cheesesteak being pretty good. I was laid up with a gout flare up, and was home with the kids. Needed to get some dinner. My wife had the credit card, and was at work all night, so she texted me the numbers so I could order, like we've done many times before. I called to see if they delivered to me. They did, so I placed my order. They told me there was a charge for delivery. No prob. Most places do charge for that. They told me it would be $1.00 to use a credit card. That's a little odd, but again, no prob. I was told my order was almost $40, and usual delivery time. Then they said I needed the card, and ID for the driver. I said I don't have the card, my wife has it. I was told the card needs to be present. There is no reason for that. I asked can't they just run the card. I was told the card had already been run, but they need to send the $ back to the bank. So the card already went through with no problem, but they still won't deliver the food. My wife called them, and even offered to fax a copy of the card and her ID, and they still wouldn't do it. She asked to talk to a manager, and surprise, surprise, there was no manager there. After reading some other reviews, that seems to be an ongoing trend. Lies. The owner may not always be there, but I'm sure that they wouldn't let that place run without someone in charge. Are you telling me that the inmates run the asylum? Doubt it. It's just probably a gutless person who doesn't know how to handle irritated people. So now I have no dinner, and $40 short on the credit card. Was told it will be reimbursed. I wonder how long that will take. If it awaits a manager's approval, I guess I will never get it. Do yourself a favor. Do not even bother with this place. I don't understand how this place is still in business after reading the other reviews. I should have read them first, then maybe I wouldn't be out $40 and have three hungry kids. Guess I have to hobble downstairs, and try to stand on a bad leg to make the kids dinner. With a good leg it wouldn't be a problem, that's why I tried to order dinner instead.