Based on the reviews, we decided to go to this Korean restaurant. The food was okay, I ordered the combo #9, once the first layer of meat was gone, I was in for a surprise, the amount of oil soaked the rest of my dish. The kimchi was good, so that's all I really wanted to eat. However, the friendly staff??? I know as an Asian, good service is the least of my problems when eating out but these ladies that run the restaurant... one seems like the owner and was extremely rude to our whole table from the start. We went around closing time(1 hour before close), so we just brushed it off because of that fact and attitude they were giving us. The first problem was when they came to take our order- I said, we're just waiting on one more before we order. Then,  the quick ok and eye roll *attitude* the second problem- cold watery tea, we asked for a new batch and they replied back with "it's closing time, we aren't going to make anymore" okay, I agree it would be a waste to make a whole batch but there's so many other options they can work towards to accommodate. Now, the third problem the side dishes. I know places that will replenish the side dishes for the table, especially when we order a lot. We ordered 4 "combos" that means we're entitled to 4 rounds. However, when we asked for our third one, she ignored us clearly heard us but she decided to do closing duties first as her priority and 5 minutes later- we got our request, she switched the regular sizes to the smaller side dish that holds the beans for our side dishes (look at the picture menu) At this point, we know they just want us to get out. However for a table of 4, 2 1/2 replenishes didn't suffice, so we asked for more from a young server (very nice, reason for 1 star) and the owner lady comes and says "no you're not allowed, you had enough were going to charge you!" it's a restaurant, we're not beggars we're customers expecting service. I felt so bad for the young server, he just stood there awkwardly as she is yelling at us and him for accommodating our table.  After she walked away, he went back to the kitchen and gave us the side dishes. Surprise, he gets scolded. I'm really reliant on yelp for great restaurants, this one is the only one that was terrible. Maybe because of the cheap prices, and basic 10 items, hard to mess up on orders- however there is many other options out there that are willing to accommodate and service you.