My daughter called them to see if they sell their hotdog buns. She was told yes by the girl who answered the phone.  I drove all the way over there to buy 4, yes only 4, buns and they wouldn't sell them to me.  I would have had to give 24 hours notice. Ridiculous. Why weren't we told that on our initial call. Horrible customer care. Won't be back for ANYTHING from this place until they change to honest management.

So I'm the daughter who made the "initial" phone call. I've worked in the food service industry for 10 years.  Never in my life would I allow a customer to walk out the door empty handed after one of my employees told that customer that they could place that "to go" order. The employee who answered the phone actually placed me on hold to ask the manager on duty (aug 31st) if they took orders to go for their hotdog buns, she returned to the call and told me "yes we sell our buns to go" me replying "ok I'm on my way I'll see you soon" and the employee responding "ok I'll see you soon" After making the 20min drive (40min round trip) we were told that they would not sell us any buns because they didn't have enough for dinner, this was after watching the manager pull down a tray of 10+ buns and returning to us then saying they only had two buns and would not sell us any. After explaining the situation even further the manager became extremely rude and somewhat hostile. I will be taking this issue to corporate bc of the EXTREME unprofessionalism. 


See photo::
We ended up going to Frys (no joke) they had the same buns. All you need to do is ask the bakery (who is fabulous mind you) and they will guide you to these buns. Just spread a little butter on the outside edges and toast them like you would a grilled cheese sandwich. 
Our goal tonight was "clam boats". You butter and toast up the bread filled then with clam strips, coleslaw and a garlic aioli!! Yum yum and you have a clam boat. 
Avoid the headache and poor customer service and head over to Fry's two blocks away. Their bakery and customer service is like sipping a pina colada on a tropical sunny beach.. and you don't need 24hrs notice! 
Also noted we put 8oz of clams strips in these buns and they could have held 12oz easily!