I recently was a guest at the Mandalay Bay Resort, attending the PPAI show Jan 10-14.
I had an email confirmation for reservations to the Rx Boiler Room.  This was a client dinner, I was hosting a total of 10 people.
I called about a week prior to my visit to increase the party of 8 to 10.  Also, when I arrived to Las Vegas, I checked in with the concierge desk and a lady called, and again, confirmed my reservation for 10 people at the RX Boiler Room on Tues Jan 12 at 6:30 pm.

When I arrived at 6:20 that evening, I was in shock when I saw a sign saying "closed for a private party".  I spoke with the manager and while he was apologetic, did not seem sincere. He blamed the 3rd party online system for the error instead of accepting this was a huge mistake, causing me great embarrassment in front of my customers.
He said my reservations were not here, but rather downstairs at RM Seafood.  Forgive me, my clients and I live in Boston, MA where we have the finest and freshest seafood in the country.  I would not fly to the desert to have seafood.  

Having no other choice (as all restaurants were booked for the evening), we were escorted downstairs.  The manager there took care of us at first.  But after our order was taken, it was hard to find a server or manager. Our service was slow.  The food was mediocre at best.  We were half way through our dinner before the wine came (and we ordered it as soon as we sat down).  We waited about 20 min after we finished to find a server to bring us a dessert menu.  He advised that the kitchen was backed up and it would be 20-30 min if we ordered dessert.  This was unacceptable after already having waited 20 minutes.  The bill came to nearly $1700, of which the manager took care of the wine - approx. $200.  And this was not something he offered, I had to ask for it.  While we finished up our wine, the server brought us 2 key lime desserts to share (conveniently while I was signing the check).

In hindsight, I should have asked for more, as our experience was just short of awful.  I am in the sales and service industry.  When my company messes up, we take care of our clients.  I believe that people can make mistakes, but it is how you correct them that shows true integrity and commitment to your customers.

When I return for this convention next year, I will reconsider where I would like to conduct my business.