DO NOT EAT HERE!! THEY SERVED RAW CHICKEN THEN DENIED IT ONCE THEY TOOK IT AWAY!!!!!!!!!! 

Nothing like sitting down for a nice lunch on my day off and getting 1/3 way into my chicken dish only to notice that the meat is raw!!! NOT WHITE. Pink to dark pink in color. So just had to run to the restroom as the thought of just eating raw chicken made me lose what I already ate of the lunch. I thought it was overcooked when I first bit into it cause of the consistency. Boy was I on the wrong end of the spectrum. SO disgusted right now. Stomach is flipping around. 

It's a medium sized pan grilled chicken fish. How the heck do u serve that raw?!?!?!

It's been 15 mins now since I notified my server. He's been very apologetic. Said the manager would be right out and he's still not here. I'm sitting here nauseated, unhappy and they're making wait now?!?!?! 

Waiter just told me he's testing the chicken before coming to see me?!?! Seriously?!?!?!

I cannot be more upset right now. The manager, Aaron, came out, immediately had an attitude asking me "So what's you're problem with the food?" He's now denying that the chicken was raw. He's saying it was completely white, lying to my face!! Even the server verified it was raw when he took it!!!!!! If it was clearly white like he claims, why the 20 min wait so they could test their cooking times and the chicken?????

This is how you run a business?!?! This is how you deal with making a mistake?!?! Tell me I'm lying so you can cover yourselves?!?! Cause I have so much to gain by a partially eaten meal and vomiting in the bathroom?!?! 

Do yourselves a favor and do not eat here!!

Update: The icing on the cake. Apparently when u post a bad review on yelp the employees or friends of the employees for this establishment take it upon themselves to send you nasty private messages via yelp using newly created fake accounts. 

While I appreciate the owner Mike returning my phone call and offering us a free dinner, until they get new in-store management we won't ever be back.