This place is beautiful, but they allow negligent conditions to exist, and their risk management department gives you the run around rather than attempt to address the problem or even apologize.  I delayed writing my review because I was waiting to see how they would respond to an unfortunate incident that occurred on our second day at this property.  So how did they respond?  In the words of one of the RHONY, "Not well, B#%!"  As a result, we will never stay at this place again.  

The incident:  on July 11, our second day at the hotel, we were going to exit the hotel property through one of the large access points off the mall.  As we walked across the marble floor, my husband slipped and fell on a large puddle of liquid.  Two ladies walking next to us stopped to assist and offered to stick around.  We didn't think it was necessary.  Another guy who was soliciting people to eat/drink at a nearby pub across the way yelled over to us that security was on their way.  He then told us that a couple of inebriated guys came through there and threw their drinks on the floor.  As we waited, the maintenance guy showed up and started to clean up the mess, but lots of people were still walking through the large spill.  They are really lucky that no body else fell, mostly because we kept waving them away as we waited for security--it took about 15 min for a security person to show up on a bike.  When he did, he asked us what happened (he also parked his bike across the walkway to keep people from walking on the wet floor as they only put up two signs for the large area.). We told him the above.  Then he asked about injuries.  My husband had no visible injuries, but falling flat on your back on a marble floor is pretty jolting so he was not sure.  Therefore, security called their EMTs.  As soon as the EMTs arrived, security guy left.  EMTs did a brief check.  Nothing external or obvious.  Anything more would need to be done at a hospital.  At this point, we didn't think a hospital trip was necessary.  They had my husband sign an acknowledgment of first aid.  I asked if a report was going to be made, they said this was it.  I asked if we could have a copy.  No copy but said we could take a picture.  

The next day when we checked out, we were asked by the reservation clerk about our stay.  We told her it was nice until this incident happened.  She asked if security made a report.  We said the only thing we got was by photo from the EMTs.  She then asked if security gave us a card that had the phone number to risk management.  We said no, and she gave us one and said we could call them if we had questions.  We had lots of questions so I did call.  I asked why they don't have security posted at these large entry/exits or at least someone monitoring.  If they did, a hazardous wet floor would never go unattended like it did when we walked through.  The risk management person then said if the guys who poured out their drinks were ahead of us we should have seen the wet floor.  Ugh!  She totally was not listening and was making a lot of assumptions.  We were not literally behind these guys.  The guys who poured their drinks on the floor did that long before we arrived.  How were we supposed to know the floor was wet.  They didn't put any signs up until after my husband fell.  

Next question, why didn't the security guard make a report or give us a card.  Person on the phone said there was a report and gave me the #.  I asked for a copy of the report and she said no it was confidential.  I asked why an incident report would be confidential when it's about my husband.  She said it's proprietary info and could only be released by a subpoena.  Ok, so to get a subpoena, a lawsuit needs to be filed.  So in essence they are inviting a lawsuit.  As the conversation continued to go downhill, the risk management person eventually said she would have someone else call.  Another person did call my husband, and the conversation continued in a similar manner.  Except this person now said there is no report other than the EMT acknowledgment.  Still no clear answer about why security didn't make a report or give us a card.  As for why there is no one monitoring the entry/exit ways and why a large puddle of liquid was allowed to remain on the floor after some inebriated folks poured it, the answer was how were they supposed to know, they can't be everywhere at all times.  Oh really?  A large casino/hotel such as this can't be expected to monitor its own property at all times.  Right.  Do you smell what I smell?  Word to the wise, if you are unfortunate enough to fall on a wet marble floor at this place, call the police and get them to take a report because security won't do it, and even if they do, they are shady and won't release to you.