If Yelp had an evil twin equivalent of the ROTD (Review Of The Day), this would win hands down. To the reader, I am not taking responsibility for your well being if you still choose to eat here especially after reading this review.

Let's start from the beginning. I bring my wife and two boys. I order 4 pastor tacos for me and my oldest. A cheese quesadilla for my youngest, and an order of asada fries for all of us to share.

So the food comes out. It all looks good. But looks can be deceiving. You know when people say don't judge a good book by its cover. Well this cover looks good but once you read the first page, it will make you want to rip it in half and burn it.

For starters, the pastor was dry like it has been on the spit for days. That's really funny because there was oil literally pouring out of the tortilla when I pick it up. My guess is that they dipped it in hot oil before throwing it in the tortilla. I should of took pictures of the plate it was on because it was literally transparent from all the grease.

The quesadilla should of been called a "greasadilla". My youngest only took a couple bites before he had to stop because of grease running down his chin and fore arms. The tortilla itself was already soggy. 

As for the asada fries I was hoping that would be the saving grace to this horrible experience so far. I was wrong. Boy was I wrong. I took a picture of it and posted it on here. It looks decent. But when we started eating it, we noticed they had used nacho cheese instead of shredded cheddar. For nachos that might be ok. But for fries that's a major no no. The meat was also greasy like they dipped it in oil to bring it to life. The only decent things about it was the sour cream and guacamole.

We ate or should I say tried to eat at least half of our food but it seemed like with every bite our stomachs were screaming bloody murder. But alas, we had to dump it in the trash. 

So in closing, memo to "Pepe", can you please cut down on the grease and at least make the tacos just a tad bit bigger? Once you do that, then maybe I will give you guys another try.