Worst service I've had in years. Nazim uddin the restaurant manager should be fired or taken to a customer relations class. That man is an idiot when it comes to defusing a situation. I sat down for 5 mins without service finally someone comes we order for 2 a coffee and water and free pancakes on International pancake day. We got our pancakes and drinks fast it was awesome but then we sat there for 35 minutes without a single server ask how our meals are refill my water. I literally ate all my ice cubes and poured some coffee in my cup. Now at any point in time I could've asked what was going on but I wanted to see how long it would take. So finally I asked to talk to a manager. He came around the corner and I said hey man what's going on we've been waiting for 40 minutes. His  first response was "I assure you, you have not been waiting that long." Now I'm upset. Because the general manager just told me I was wrong. Not like I haven't been timing you or anything. Keep in mind I serve and make 400 a night at the restaurant I serve at and you never tell the customer they're wrong. So I said afterwards that this is fucking ridiculous and he told me not to say curse words. I reassured him that I can talk anyway I'd like because I'm angry. And then I said dude, Don't tell me how to speak. He replied saying don't say "dude". I said excuse me now you're telling me how to speak? I said I'm a paying customer who us upset about the service and he said he can kick me out. It doesn't matter that I'm a paying customer. If I'd like I could have him take the order. I said ok. Come over here. So we ordered and then he had another server who wasn't our initial server come and help us. I asked him if I wasn't waiting for some 40 mins where is the server you originally introduced and I see her helping the other people at the table next to us. They've been served and already paid. And I haven't even gotten my food. He just said it will be out as soon as possible. So the server was awesome after that. Being I work in the industry I knew it wasn't her falt. I got my food and I actually tipped her 35%. when I went to pay he didn't even comp a meal he said sorry and compped. A coffee so my 22 dollar meal went to 18. Lmfao. I don't care about the food I payed for it. But after that service that should be the least you can do. I understand the IHOP isn't in the nicest part of Phoenix area but I was hungry and I saw it. So that's where I went. It shouldn't matter the location. The people that work there should make the environment and the dining experience. Well ill never be eating at a IHOP again if they hire people like that. I just can't believe he was the general manager. Store 1505