My husband and I went here on a Tuesday night after reading the reviews on here. That time the service was Excellent food cooked to perfection...except I don't know why everyone raves about The Twice Baked Potatoes here. It was hard as a rock and hardly any potato to eat inside. The wine selection is less to be desired. Despite all this, when our very dear friend came to Las Vegas to visit we wanted to take him here. Bob Taylor's is Not the type of Lux steak house our friend is used to, but he was excited to see just this type of sawdust joint. This time went on a Monday night. It took someone 20 mins just to come over and ask if someone was taking care of us. We were standing up and leaving when she finally came over to the table. Our friend ORDERD the Calamari. It was the only thing he ended up eating that night. He ORDERD the porterhouse steak MEDIUM. The entire thing was WAAAAYYY OVER COOKED. Well done is an understatement. My filet was fine but my Lobster Tail was WAAAAYYY OVER COOKED. Flaking apart, not wet n juicy. So we politely asked to send them back. She brought out my new Lobster Tail. Perfect! Well 35 minutes later our friends Porterhouse STILL had not come out!!! When it finally did arrive, it was RAW!! Like really really raw. Like the cook just threw it on to seer the outside on both sides but the inside was completely RAW!! Gross!!! It's like we were in the movie WAITING. So, my friend was disgusted, we were embarrassed anD asked for the check. All she did was not charge for the Steak, and take the Calamari off the bill. 
I would've given one more star but we won't be going back here since the cooks don't a crap about how your food comes out they'd just rather close the kitchen. I might add we were there 3 hours before closing time...and a party of 8 DRUNK people stumbled through the door about 5 mins before we left. Also won't be going back because management doesn't care either since we asked to speak with a manager and were told by our server that there wasn't one on the shift. It's too bad bc other than my twice baked potato on the first time went, we thought we had found our new favorite place to go and bring all our friends and family. Oh well