My family of five, including my wife and my in-laws were here for buffet on a Saturday afternoon in late June 2015 during our trip of Vegas. Overall, I was very dissatisfied with my experience here.

Here are my biggest issues with the experience at the Buffet at Bellagio:
1. Being the weekend, this was supposed to be a brunch buffet and it is true that there were many breakfast-y items. However, in general, it was very hard to construct a meaningful meal out of the items that were there. For example, there was fried rice and chow mein but no (Chinese) entrees that one could have with those. For my brother-in-law, who's a big lover of meat, he had nothing that satisfied his appetite. For myself, a big lover of seafood, again there was nothing that I would really fancy, such as lobster or scallops or crabs or sushi. There were supposed to be at least 3 types of sushi (based on the place cards we saw) but the sushi had mostly run out and were never replenished.
2. The stations were very poorly laid out and as a result, the placement of the items made very little sense. I do not recollect another buffet experience where the layout was worse than here. For example, they had french toast in one section but maple syrup was nowhere to be found next to it. Eventually after asking a staff member I was able to locate it. I was far from the only one having this problem as a little girl asked me about where the maple syrup was once I had managed to drizzle it on my french toast. Likewise, there were sorbets and icecreams but they were very far from each other. Toppings for the sorbets and icecreams were also in different sections even though most people might want to have access to a broad assortment of toppings.
3. Lastly, I found the service to be quite unfriendly. We had a server (Claudia, I think) and I don't think she (or any other waitstaff that we encountered) smiled even once during the entire 2-hours or so that we were there. Food items were also not regularly replenished and when I inquired about the sushi which had run out, the staff did not appear apologetic about that and expressed no interest in replenishing the items. A final illustration of the lack of helpfulness of their staff was that as we were standing in line to get in, we inquired about wait times. One of their staff members commented that we would have a 45-minute wait and we were getting ready to leave on hearing of such a long wait time. However, in the end, we did stand in line and the wait turned out to be no more than 20 minutes. A shorter wait time was certainly appreciated but then again, we would have left the restaurant on the basis of the incorrect information provided by this staff member

Overall, I would say this was a deeply unsatisfying and unfulfilling experience and certainly when considered against the $30 price we paid for it, this was a complete bust. in my view, they served very mediocre food that was laid out in the most haphazard manner imaginable and it was combined with unfriendly and unwelcoming service. I would definitely not go back to this buffet again especially when there are so many options to choose from in Las Vegas.