Do you want to puke out of your mouth and ass at almost the same time?  Then definitely pay the exorbitant price to eat at best mediocre food at the Rio Casino Seafood Buffet!

Perhaps I was asking for it because I went around 8:45 - the person at the front assured me that they will continue to bring out food until 9:30.  They did continue to bring out food, but the less popular dishes just sat there, and sat there.

I don't understand why people come here.

All you can eat lobster?  NOT FOUND.  I think I may have found it, but thought it was crawfish.
All you can eat oysters?  NOT FRESH!  Avoid not fresh oyster at all costs.  They say oysters are an afrodisiac but there's nothing sexy in watching someone puke.
All you can eat king crab legs?  NOT FOUND.  Seriously, where was this?  I only found snow crab legs.  No king crab found.
All you can eat seafood?  Yes, but again not fresh.  I found the seafood was more fresh at the Bachannal buffet at Caesars, although the variety was not as good as here.  But why pay more to eat such crap food?  If you're here strictly for quantity or you're someone who likes to puke after eating a ton of food, I can kind of understand..

Even if I didn't get sick, I would not suggest coming here.  Spend the extra to go to Bachannal at Caesars - it's so much better and has enough seafood options to keep you satisfied.  If you did the Buffet of Buffets promotion, it's definitely not worth the extra fee to eat here.

So after I became ill, someone suggest that I contact customer service.  I sent them an email telling them that I got food poisoning from their buffet and they replied asking me to call some risk management team and they will open up an investigation.  I would have preferred if they just refunded the extra money I paid as part of their Buffet of Buffets deal.  But calling their number and speaking with them for a mere $10 is not worth the effort.  So Rio, you win.  Take my $10.  I hope my puke and crap somehow clog up your sewage pipes.