My family and I came here after watching a movie during their Happy Hour. First off the server (Chelsea) was pleasant, but seemed to get annoyed that we hadn't made up our minds after visiting out table 3 times within a 10 minute span. She also didn't help with suggestions. If they had any specials, we were not made aware of any.

Their Happy Hour selections were a handful of $6 appetizers which consisted mostly of sliders. Not very suitable I guess who is someone that has cut meat from their diet, so I ventured to their dinner menu. I was actually in the mood for an appetizer but was disappointed that it was nothing more than a bunch of fried items. I had been to Yardhouse earier in the week so my appetizer expectations were set pretty high.

The only thing that caught my eye was the grilled ahi tuna because the description said it was served on a bed of fried green tomatoes and kale. When she brought it, it was missing the green tomatoes. I brought this to her attention and she repled, "oh those have been 86'd and we won't be getting those in until our grand opening." Really? That, my dear, should have been brought to my attention when I ordered it because that would have been a deal-breaker and I would have ordered something else. The tuna was bland and so was the kale. It was served with a side of this creamed corn mush which I thought was kind of a strange and off pairing for ahi tuna. Thank goodness I had the extra lemon on hand which I had to request because it did not come with my iced tea.

My husband had the wings off the Happy Hour menu which he thought were decent size and just ok. My older son ordered the same thing I did and shared the same opinion. My younger son had the ribs from the kids menu which were decent and a generous side of green beans which looked pretty good. We were charged $2 for the side of green beans when the kids menu clearly stated "served with a side." My husband brought this to the server's attention and explained how this can be misleading that we were charged for a side that says it comes with the kids' entree. She understood and took it off the bill without any problem.

Needless to say, it just made me ill to pay $60 of our money and time when there are so many other better places in Town Square. Pretty disappointing. I thought that it's predecessor, Cadillac Ranch, was decent and had a great menu selection and was hoping that  it's replacement would be at the very least equal or better. This was not...by a long shot and we will not be returning.