So I went to N Counter last week, had a terrible experience! I went as far to write a letter to 3 email addresses listed on their site... and no response. So here it is :)

To who it may concern:

 
   I just arrived back from lunch at N Counter and am still considerably upset at just what happened. I tried to use the contact 
us button on your website but it appears there is no confirmation when trying to hit send. 
  I was able to leave my office and enjoy a lunch date with my boyfriend, which is very important to me since we have conflicting schedules.  We jokingly argued where to eat lunch, I wanted N Counter for your great salads and he wanted to go to Cheba Hut for their big sandwiches... I won.  Since I am eligible for expenses at my job, when I approached the register I told the cashier clearly before ordering that I needed to pay for mine separately and will need an itemized receipt for reimbursement.  I ordered clearly a Fushion Chopped Chicken salad and a soda, he then swiped my card.  I bring up my order because I have had in the past received the wrong chopped salad because I didn't say Fusion, always learn from my mistakes, right?  After swiping my card, he said he needed to wait for my boyfriends order for an itemized receipt so our food was on the same ticket.  I let him know, that's fine as long as my receipt included my food only.  Of course after J ordered, swiped his card and the itemized receipt had all of our food on it.  I was very disappointed, because I was very clear and polite on what I needed.  After he pulled the receipt, he asked if it would be a problem?  Yes, it is actually... that's why I asked twice. So the young man went and got a "manager" which may be one of you on this email, he looked at me and said it was not possible to get a different receipt. I explained my needs to the manager and let him know I asked twice,  I was very frustrated to say the least but remained professional.  I then was told by the manger to " CALM DOWN".  I was in complete shock, I couldn't believe it.  He said this to me in front of a full line of people, I was so embarrassed.  He put in the order again, with a no make and handed me the receipt and I walked away.  I usually speak up for myself when necessary but I had no words for his behavior towards me as a customer.  We sat down outside, I am trying to shake it off and enjoy the rest of my lunch hour.  The runner brought our food and it was the wrong salad, I questioned it politely and said I ordered the Fushion chopped.  She just stared at me and I felt very uncomfortable, so I offered to take the salad and interest of eating with my boyfriend.  She then offered to get me the proper lunch.  Again I was flustered.  The salad came quickly and was able to salvage  some of my lunch date, when she dropped the salad off we realized we never got the cupcake we paid for on the second bill so we had to ask for that too.  So all in all, what usually is a fantastic  or generally okay experience and a great lunch or breakfast was awful, embarrassing, waste of time and money.  I work very hard for everything in my life, my time is important to me, I treat everyone with respect and kindness and don't deserve to feel how I am feeling this afternoon after leaving your establishment. Next time... Cheba Hut!

Respectfully,

N