I have been shopping at BBQ Galore for about 14 months.  I usually shop in the Chandler location, but ended up stopping by the Scottsdale location near desert ridge.  After experiencing the lack of customer service I will not be shopping here ever again.  As a consumer, I have purchased a grill, smoker and other various items such as brushes, sauces, wood chips, and other utensils for BBQing.  I went into the desert ridge location on January 27th around 1:00.  I purchased woodchips, bbq sauce, rub, and rib racks.  I even told the sales representative I dont think these racks are going to fit in my smoker, but I'll buy them anyways. I ended coming back 1 hour later and wanted to refund the rib racks.  As I expected the rib rack wouldn't fit in my smoker.  The sales rep refused to take back the product and said "the box was in poor condition and will not be taking this back.  The same sales representative that I purchased my products from earlier.  He mentioned the manager Chris will be in tomorrow if I wanted to talk to him.  I left the store, pretty ticked off.

In conclusion, I have dropped over 1200.00 in the past 14 months and never had any issues with the store.  I even have recommended people to this place.  My friends of mine have told me, that I should just shop at Home Depot down the road, cause they are cheaper and have the same products.  Because the sales representative at BBQ Galore, refused to take my rib rack, which was 15 dollars, you guys have lost me as a customer and I will never recommend this place again.  Also I will post on every social media sites, such as facebook, yelp, white pages how horrible the customer service is, and how badly they treated me.

So instead of refunding my product that I purchased for 15.00 bucks, you have lost a customer and someone that will bad mouth how bad this place is.

I even explained to the sales rep how poor this is and this is not how you treat someone that has dropped so much money at your stores.  Piss poor customer service