I don't know what's up with the map here, but Kobe is more around Flamingo and Fort Apache, not Durango. So we were called over to hit up their happy hour on a Friday night. What? Happy hour on a Friday night? Yeah, right. And not just late-night...they do happy hour every Friday and Saturday from 5pm to close, which I think is 1am. It doesn't really make sense to me, but whatever, it's cool. Their happy hour is a pretty good deal: half-off their entire menu. That being said, I was shocked at some of their prices, and there would be absolutely no reason to go here if it weren't for happy hour.

It's not that big of a place, but it was pretty poppin' when we were there. We were a party of 5...got two orders of seaweed salad, two orders of soft-shell crab, four special rolls, a tonkatsu don, and the fried banana with ice cream. I couldn't help but laugh when I saw the size of the seaweed salads, and the soft-shell crabs were even more of a joke. These guys were tiny. Now I know the different sizes of soft-shell crabs restaurants can order, and Kobe definitely just orders the cheapest available. No meat whatsoever, just fry and sauce. The four rolls we got were fine...nothing too bad, but nothing special either. The plates were cheap plastic. They were stingy with their sauces, and the extra ponzu sauce we asked for never came. The spicy tuna was definitely a darker color and kind of nasty looking, obviously pre-made and not fresh at all. The tonkatsu don's sauce was pretty tasty, but the tonkatsu was definitely soggy...not freshly fried at all. Again, obviously pre-made, probably sitting in the fridge and popped in the microwave prior to serving. Ugg. Dessert was fine, although I swear the green tea ice cream did not taste like green tea. It didn't taste bad or anything, but I oddly kept tasting some floral notes to it. Weird.

Most of their stuff was definitely overpriced, so with the 50% discount, you're probably paying about 2/3 of what it would be elsewhere at full-price. The special rolls start at $12, with most being around $14. I was shocked to see a $22 mango/salmon roll. I also saw $20 bentos. There was $3 mochi ice cream on the menu, but the picture definitely just looks like one single mochi ball split in four pieces, whereas an order of mochi elsewhere normally comes with two balls. I was probably most shocked with their drink menu. $6/8 for small/large import beers?? That's outrageous. The average price out there is $3.50/6.50. I also saw a 300ml bottle of premium sake for $22 that usually runs for $12-14. So basically they just try to fool you with their happy hour. You might be paying less than you would full-price at other places, but definitely not by much. And definitely not at another place with a nice promotion going on.

Service was also pretty crappy. Our waitress was nice enough, but we didn't know where she was half the time and always when we wanted something. We had to get another girl to take our dessert order and yet another girl to get our check. It was also fucking freezing in there. =\