WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!

The issue with the hotel room was the fact that when I entered the room after a very late check-in, it seemed as though the room smelled of a horrible odor of something similar to really stinky wet athletic socks (enough to nearly make you gag after getting a whiff of it).  But it was very late and I needed sleep so I didn't have the energy to complain about it that night.  The next day I notified a manager about the issue.  They offered to move me into a different room but I was already settled in and didn't want to bother with the hassle of moving my luggage... so the other option was to have them run an air filtration system and spray a deodorizer all over the room.  So I opted in for the 2nd option which meant a lengthy visit from maintenance.  Plus I had to listen to the loud filtration system all night long which made it a bit difficult to sleep.  The primary reason that I didn't make a bigger fuss about the issues right away is that I was on a very short weekend trip and had driven out from Los Angeles so I really did not have a lot of spare time to waste (plus I was also spending time with friends that were staying nearby).  And in a hotel that's so huge and built like a maze, it's a major hassle to even get to the front desk to speak directly to a manager in person to discuss the issues!  In addition, the toilet in my room was also constantly running so this was an additional maintenance interruption that I did not appreciate at all.  Apparently the summer months that I was visiting during are their slow time so they, unfortunately, ended up putting me in a wing of the hotel that's not heavily used this time of year so with the ridiculous Vegas summer heat and the fact that the rooms remained closed up, the hotel staff confessed that it's a common occurrence for this foul odor to occur.  And I just happen to have a very sensitive nose and bad allergies.  I am not about to pay full price for a room in this condition...  and a "luxury hotel" charging high rates such as this should be on top of properly maintaining the rooms - it's not the customer's responsibility.

Upon returning home, the following day (August 4th as well as August 5th) I checked to see what I could do about getting some money refunded due to the issues I had to deal with.  Spoke with Kylie manager at Venetian (she was the head manager that I last dealt with and I initially also spoke with an additional 1-2 other managers that worked under her) & Charlotte supervisor at Cheaptickets.  Unfortunately, all the managers I spoke with at the Venetian said that the only thing they could do is to waive the resort fees for me because they said I should have complained more up front!?!?  And Cheaptickets was only willing to refer me back to the hotel to deal with them again.