WARNING.....RANT

I can't believe we just lost one of the best fried chicken joints in sauga. Maybe my post is a little bias but I did mean to write a good review on kookoo 2 yrs ago. From what I remembered the chicken was so good and the restaurant was operating smoothly.

I went on a sat night and it was a nightmare.

Let's start with ordering, it took a while to order food because there was a communication barrier with the cashier...and the rest of the staff. I think the menu is super confusing because there's no number for the combos on the big menu but if you look down on the ONE place mat at the cashier there are numbers for the menu combos. Just make NEW menus! 

Food: ordered 4 chicken wings and one 2-piece chicken combo, 2 lemonade with ayu jelly $30.The lemonade was super sweet from the last time I had it. I asked if they could make me a new one with half sweet. They put the blame on me for not ordering half sweet but they never asked me how I liked it! So they literally poked a hole in my drink and poured it into a larger cup and topped it off with more tea. Like it doesn't cost much to make a new one. 
When the wait was finally over, the fried chicken arrived! I was ecstatic! The chicken wings were huge but it just started to scare me a little. As we were on our first wing, my friend's chicken was pink in the middle (regret not taking a pic before they took it away). I asked the server if it was safe to eat and she's like I'm not sure and took the basket to the back....why she take it to the back instead of calling the manager? She comes back 5min later and said yeah you can eat it....or I can make a new one. Ofc I told her to make a new one, wasn't going to risk getting sick on a sat night and it was cold by then! As I was half way into my second wing it was bloody. We just couldn't carry on and decided to leave.

Verdict: buy smaller wings so it'll cook through and it'll take less time to cook. 

Service: 2 or 3 chefs, 3 servers. Way too overstaffed and they were all chatting up a storm instead of servicing customers. I feel like they were never trained properly.

Hygiene: why the siracha and condiments look dirty af? I never seen the siracha and ketchup so dark in my life.

This completely ruined my night. I won't  recommend this place to anyone.