I thought I would update my review, as this particular National - on 17th avenue has now continually disappointed in regards to service, quality, and staff.

We love the National chains throughout Calgary, and go to all of them frequently for their great weekly deals, $5 happy hour, and great menu.   This location seriously has some issues with staff and quality control it seems, as the past 3 visits have all been terrible.

Our most recent trip, our server knew absolutely nothing about the beer selections - how do you hire someone at a beer market who has no knowledge of beer!?   Whatever, we made our choices and then our friends ordered food and appetizers.  The appys came out promptly.   We then waited almost an hour for the entree.  Clearly there was some disconnect between the server and the kitchen, or the server forgot to enter the entrees.  Something went wrong either way.  We got a quick apology and the server did remove the entree from the bill.  However, when it did arrive there were multiple hairs in the food!!!!   

Our 3 hour visit to this National, the server barely asked us how we were, was extremely abrupt, and we basically had to flag her down to get a new beer.  Frequently she'd miss 1 of us at the table and then walk away leaving that person without a beer until she decided to show up again.   

I decided I wanted to order a dessert, and asked for the fiasco gelato cookie dish.  The menu doesn't really explain what it is, but my impression it was gelato with cookies, or some kind of ice cream sandwich.  A few minutes later a guy walks over and plops a big bowl of ice cream down without saying ANYTHING.   Definitely didn't match the description on the menu and no one even bothered to communicate with us.  Had our server said they were out of cookies I'd have definitely not ordered it, but was now expected to eat this makeshift dessert...

I will definitely be going back to other National locations, but am now avoiding this one, as there is a clear disconnect between customer, server, and quality that patrons have come to expect from the National brand.