Not even worth the star. How is this place still open!?!? My husband, baby and I went for a quick dinner and waited till the 3 women upfront where done having their conversation before we where acknowledged and seated. We where the ONLY customers in the whole restaurant with 5 employees present. We first ordered for our baby mac and cheese with a side of corn. That came out quickly, after some time my husband and we ordered eggs in a basket no bacon for mine subtitiute with a side salad, he wanted to add a side of sausage gravy. Nothing too crazy and complicated.....right? Salad came out quickly but the lettuce was visably old, wilted and parts where very brown. We watched and waited and we watched and waited some more.......and then we watched and waited... 2 ppl in the kitchen and no food. At this point we are getting upset. We had been waiting well over 15 mins for what?? The place wasn't busy, we where the only customers there!  After waiting more than enough time we got up and went to the register visably upset and asked to pay for what was eaten. Nobody came to the register. 
Just then the food we ordered came to the window and the waitress who was standing right infront of the window pointed out that the food was ready. Well we can see that....we've only been waiting for it. We declined and said we just wanted to pay for what we ate and leave. I explained that it's ridiculous to have to  wait that long when we are the only customers there, it's not like they where busy or understaffed. Everyone was too busy talking and doing sidework. I've worked as a server for many years, and as a prep cook, I'm not ignorant to what goes on and timing of different foods. After speaking to the waitress she went to ring us out for the total bill. Ummm wtf!??! GTFO are you serious!?! We told her we where NOT paying the whole bill, only what we ate. She said ok let me get my manager. She asked for the manager who replied, wait a minute as she was too busy still in the kitchen packing the food into ToGo containers and cleaning up to be bothered to attend to us. She eventually made her way out and didn't offer an apology but didn't argue either and proceeded to fix the bill. Discraceful. Shame on you. We did leave a tip for what would be appropriate for what the bill would have been for the waitress because it wasn't her fault that the people in the kitchen where incompetent. Won't be back there just not worth it.