I am simply going to state the facts and you can draw your own conclusions.  I would never eat here again and I sincerely hope that this review costs them some business. 
I had dinner at this restaurant with a friend on 11/10/16. When paying the bill with my debit Visa card I didn't notice that I had left my card there. The following morning before work I stopped to get breakfast and realized that my card was missing.  I have never "forgotten" a credit or debit card before.  I figured I must have somehow left my card in the wallet they put the receipts in.  I called the restaurant/bar when they opened and was told they had my card. I went in and picked it up that evening 
On Saturday, 11/19/16 I had breakfast at another restaurant and used my debit Visa again. In this case I paid at the register ( which I will insist on doing in the future). Soon after ( less than one hour) I got a notice from my bank that my checking account was low on funds?  I looked up my account and found a $200 ATM withdrawal from a ATM in Manhattan (NYC) on the previous day 11/18 and then 4 more withdrawals from an ATM in Astoria (Queens), NY, totaling $600 on that morning, Saturday 11/19/16. 
Those are the facts. Now for my beliefs which I also conveyed to the Visa Fraud Representative.  I do not think I forgot my card at Burntwood Tavern. I believe the sever kept my card.  Had I realized I didn't have it he would have given it back. He or someone in Burntwood during the next approximately 24 hours copied the information on my card to a counterfeit card they created ( they can also copy the strip making another card appear to be the original). The reason for the delay in stealing the money from my account is because It accessed my checking account. I normally don't keep much money there but my paycheck is deposited into it. My next paycheck after I ate at Burntwood was 11/18/16. You might wonder if it was really someone at Burntwood why would they have admitted having my card and given it back to me?  If they hadn't, I would have cancelled the card and that would have made it impossible to use the counterfeit one that they had created. 
Why didn't I report the theft to the restaurant? Well this will serve that purpose and I didn't remember the name of the server 
I will encourage everyone I come in contact with not to eat at this place and if management reads this and they haven't already heard from Visa Fraud, look into who was the server for me on that night. You should be able to find out. 
As for the food my friend said it was okay. I just had a so-so dessert. 
I can't give it negative stars, hence the one star. 
Believe me, I wish I knew the server's name.