If it was 2010 right now, I'd be giving this place a much better review. I don't know what happened in the last few years but I used to love the sports station whenever I was in town, so I was really excited to go back when we were in town for osheaga a few weeks ago! The first breakfast we ate there was decent, a lot smaller than i remembered, but the service was worse than the food. We went again a few days later and our experience that day is what earned this dump a 1 star rating!
No one even acknowledges you when you walk into the sports station, so you just have to assume that you are suppose to seat yourself.. we sat by the open doors to the patio and after a few minutes someone who we assumed to be the manager asked us if anyone had come over to see us yet. we said no, and he didn't say anything else.. 5 minutes later someone finally came over and to make it brief, she was a terrible waitress. She rarely checked on us, was ANYTHING but friendly, and made me want to get out of there as soon as possible. Right before our food arrived, we moved to another table at the back because the breeze got really cold by the window. She brought our food to us, and any time after that that we needed her, we had to literally CALL to her. She didn't pay any attention to us (I should add that there were about 8 people working and 3 tables of customers there).. so helping her one table should not have been an issue. Our toast was cold, the eggs in my skillet were raw, and we were being ambushed by flies!?! We were literally swatting flies away for our entire meal. My boyfriend was nice enough to let me eat some of his breakfast and try to stomach my raw egg skillet.. we barely ate anything, had to request our bills since our waitress (as well as all of the other "employees" there) was too busy watching the olympics.... and then she did the ol' "treat the customers really nice while they're paying so that they tip me even though i gave them terrible service!"

Needless to say... we will not be returning!