OMG, Longhitano's is absolutely disgusting! I've had more satisfactory meals from Arby's than this over hyped pos. Our server was polite but a bit...ditsy & didn't understand the questions we asked or reply with the correct response. I ordered their Alfredo- it smelled & looked terrible upon arrival but I forced myself to at least try it. Huge mistake! When I stabbed it with my fork it was one big massive clump that tasted like it was held together with elmers glue & watered down flour. Although it was luke warm @ best on the surface, it was cold underneath. Even the poor attempt @ garlic bread was laughable. Someone smeared butter on toast & sprinkled too much  garlic salt on it. It's pretty damn bad when Olive Garden's food is more tolerable than this inedible crap. 
 Our friend ordered their The Biggest Haja Steak Sandwich, this should've been called "The Biggest Hard Turd Sandwich" if they wanted to provide a more accurate description. When he bit into it, he literally could not tear one piece off because it was so tough & rubbery. He tried  sawing at it & the knife didn't even make a dent. When Mike stopped to ask us how everything was, Nate expressed how terrible the meat on the sandwich was @ Mike stood their as if he didn't comprehend a word that was said to him. In fact, he kept cutting Nate off & saying " So it's okay". Naturally, Nate was irritated & said " NO! I can't eat this" & Mike still didn't get it & kept talking over him. Then he walked away...he never apologized nor offered to get Nate something else to eat. He didn't remove the cost from our bill, nothing! When Nate complained to our server he didn't understand either so the nasty sandwich sat there. Our server also saw that my pasta was left untouched but never asked if something was wrong. I get this kid was clearly new to the food service industry but seriously -WTF!?!  
 My husband had also ordered a drink from the bar when we first sat down, it took our server over 15 minutes to grab it from the bar. Nate had requested a rootbeer, not only did it take over 30 minutes but our server brought out a rootbeer float & charged us extra for the ice cream! Normally I wouldn't suggest this but since the staff was ignoring our complaints, the food wasn't even edible & our patience was gone; I was tempted to leave without paying. 
 Finally, a seasoned waitress noticed our displeasure & offered to remove Nates sandwich from our receipt. However, she only took 15% off of my alfredo & removed the charge for ice cream but charged us for 2 rootbeers when we only ordered 1. She then explained that all of their staff quit @ the same time & all the new hires are "green". This is still unacceptable & I don't feel that anyone there is competent. Longhitano's is hands down the second worst meal I've had this year!