I can sum up this restaurant in one thought... If you were to give this restaurant a score from 1-10 on the amount of salt they put in food they'd probably be an 11.  Seriously... does anyone taste these at all before serving them?

I've been here at dinner and and lunch and can pretty much say I won't ever come back.

Starting with the dinner, we started out with a steamed chicken with chives all over it, not really sure what it was called.  The chicken might as well have died in the dead sea... it was that salty, I don't know how anyone could have eaten this.  Daily intake of sodium would probably be somewhere around 800%.

The peking duck came next.  Now, I kinda have a problem with people not actually cutting the duck in front of you.  One, you'd be surprised how many times a restaurant will "sneak" pieces from the dish to use somewhere else.  And two, it's always helpful to see the duck before it's in pieces... I mean, It could have been mangled for all we know it.

Cool thing about the peking duck was that they gave us lots of wraps for it.  Bad thing was that the duck was probably a 9 on the salt scale...  We knew this because we had the duck chopped straight out after they cut the skin off of it.  Another thing about the peking duck that it's not supposed to have a lot of meat on it.  The peking duck here had about 1cm of meat on all the pieces... THICK!  Gah, whatever...

One good thing I actually had was the vermicelli noodles with chicken slices.  This was actually not bad; not amazing, but not bad. 

One neat thing about the dinner however is that you're given a choice of what dessert you would like.  I personally chose the black sesame dessert, which was really good actually.  One thing that I noticed is that they grind the sesame from scratch (and not make it out of a powder).

Now for lunch, it's a whole new ball game...  The congee here is actually not bad as well.  One thing they do is make a congee base for the two different varieties they have; but that's not the good part.  The good part is that it's actually really soggy rice.  So if anyone has had northern china congee, it's kinda like that.  Imagine rice soup, rather than rice porridge.

As for the chicken at lunch... same story.  They seem to really like making chicken that tastes of the dead sea.  Oh, and a side note... this place doesn't accept anything but cash at lunch... sketch... revenue canada... note...

Seriously... they need to taste their food once or twice before they serve it.  It doesn't take a supreme chef to notice something's a miss.  Either that or for some reason the head chef has lost all taste in the salt receptors on his tongue.  I guess that's kinda like a musician that is deaf... wait... wasn't mozart deaf?  Ya... this place isn't mozart.