This used to be my favorite italian restaurant in Las Vegas.  "Used to be" are the key words! 

First off we had to wait for a table for 30 minutes in a half empty restaurant! 

What's that about? Some sort of marketing ploy to make people think they were doing better then they are?

They winded up giving us a tiny booth in the back of the place in a dark corner where we could not even read the menu! Super depressing.

Now, Let's start with the food. 

First off, the bread. YUCK! The place used to give you really good italian bread and now you get cheap supermarket italian bread that is called "garlic bread. It's looks to be greased up with cheap margarine and topped with way too much parmesan cheese to disguise the cheapness of the bread! We had to send it back! It was gross! As the saying goes, you can always tell a meal by the bread!

The next course was the salad. It looked and tasted like it had been sitting for a week. The lettuce was all wilted and brown and they tried to disguise it with extra croutons and (again) that same parmesan cheese. It was one of the worse salads I have had in my life!

For the main course I had eggplant parmesan!  It looked and tasted like 3 day old fried eggplant, and was chewy and flavorless. I wonder if it was fried in canola oil, which is a GMO.
That would explain why it tasted so bad! 

My partner had the chicken parm. It was barely cooked and tasted like cheap fake plastic chicken that you would get in some fast food joint. Definitely not quality food.

We left most of our dinner, paid the $75 bill and walked out. 

It had to be the worse meal we both ever had! And will never return!  

When we got home we both got so sick from the little that we did eat. We believe it may have been food poisoning or way too many GMO's being used in the cheap food!  

The place is not the same!  Something happened to it! Maybe new management, maybe new ownership! They are cutting corners big time! And in the end, it will be this restaurant's demise!

It's a darn shame, because this place is part of Las Vegas nostalgia. They just want to be a tourist trap now. Forget the locals! They want to get them in and don't care if they come back!
Well guess what, not on my dime!