My husband and I were sorely disappointed in our experience at Bonfyre from start to finish. 

When we first arrived, the gentleman acting as host has no personality in the sense that he did not really greet us. Instead he just stared at us and waited for us to request a table. With a stern frown, he took us to our table where he 'dropped' our menu and walked away. My husband and I had a good laugh about 'Mr. Personality'.

After our waitress came over to take our menus(no complaints about her, she was very nice) my husband and I ordered our food and drinks. I will just go through them by coarse...because honestly I have a negative comment about each.

Cocktails
I ordered a sweet Old Fashioned... Sadly the bartender put twice the amount of bitters that it should have had. It was difficult to stomach and I was forced to add water to in order to consume it. (My husband played it safe and ordered a beer)

Appetizer
We ordered the Ahi Tuna with some sort of spicy slaw? The Tuna was fine but the slaw was over dressed and incredibly sweet. There was so much dressing that it was a soupy mess and not 'light' as you would expect. Plus, the flavor combinations didn't work. They added additional sauced to the dish(a sweet chili sauce and a horseradish sauce I think...)

While we were still eating our appetizer(which came out well before I had two sips on my drink) our salads came out... So the salads just had to sit on the table for awhile before we could eat them.

Salad
Well I ordered the House and my husband ordered the Caesar but for some reason we both got a House salad. My husband didn't want to send it back so we tried to eat the salad. As with the slaw, this salad was WAY overdressed and contained too much balsamic vinegar. Needless to say, that didn't get finished.

Similar to the salad/appetizer timing, the entrees arrived too early and had to sit for a while before we were ready to eat them. I guess I had an expectation that this restaurant boarded the lines of "fine dining" and "bar/grille" so I was hoping for better timing on the service.

Entrees
I ordered the Cioppino and my husband order the Flat Iron Steak. 

Words cannot accurately describe how disappointed I was in the "Cioppino". I wouldn't really call it that, instead I would call it "marinara sauce with some tiny seafood".

The foundation of Cioppino is fish stock ... Which I would say was non existent. It really seemed like they just made a tomato/marinara sauce and added a small amount of liquid too it. Either way, the flavor was just tomato, and the texture was too viscous and chunky. 

Adding to the high viscosity of this meal was the fact that the bread it was served with was lazily dumped in the soup so by the time I received it, had already decomposed in the 'bowl'.

Speaking of 'bowl', when the meal first arrived I was surprised to learn that this was not served in a proper bowl but instead a plate with slightly curved sides. In addition, it was the most unappealing dish I have ever seen. My husband and I joked that It looked like a murder scene.

The seafood was pretty abysmal. When I heard 'scallops' I thought Sea Scallops, not microscopic Bay Scallops. That was a mistake on my part for the assumption, I should have clarified. It was really disappointing though. All the seafood was small. Calamari was small, the 2 shrimp were small, the 10 bay scallops were the size of a dime. Oh right and there were 3 mussels that were.. Okay.

Regardless, the seafood was not appetizing due to the tomato-chunkiness of of the "broth". I didn't eat all that much of it.

This was not like any proper Cioppino I have had before.


My husband was also unimpressed by his flat iron. He ate it silently and without enjoyment.

Random cleaning
So the place wasn't crowded but during the entirety of our meal, there was this waitress who was cleaning the floors right next to us. It was very distracting and annoying. First off, she probably had the floors cleaned in the first 2 minutes, however she persistently lingered for another 15 minutes before walking away and then coming back later to continue. It was almost comical but in reality, my husband and I were annoyed. We are paying about $90 for our meal that was not satisfying and at the same time the staff did not hold a level of professionalism that you would expect from such an establishment(except our waitress, she was fine).

Overall, I would say that the title of one of Madison's Best is erroneous. I do not recommend you waste your time or money here.