For over three years, my husband has been trying to take me here to partake in the restaurant's ice cream challenge. My husband had high praise for the unique flavor assortment and house made quality so we finally had a chance to make it over with our 16 month toddler in tow. Excited to have a mini date night and share a fun after dinner treat with our son, we waited in line with a few other walk-ins. The hostess was clearly unhappy that we brought our son to the restaurant and seated us in the outdoor seating area - an extension that spills into the common area adjacent to the casino floors. After we placed our order, I noticed a strong trail of cigar and cigarette smoke and realized the smell was coming from the bourbon bar next door. We politely asked the waiter to be moved inside (there were plenty of open tables). The waiter said he had to check with the front desk. After several minutes, the waiter returned explaining that he couldn't seat us inside because all of the tables were reserved and that the noise issue should subside. I re-explained that it was due to the smoke smell and the fact that I didn't want to expose my child to it if possible (I recognize we are in Vegas after all). The waiter asked us to hold and said he'd return shortly. Ten minutes went by and another couple was seated in our area. The couple asked to be moved indoors and the SAME waiter moved them inside - never once stopping by our table. Then a food runner stops by with our ice cream and we informed him that we were waiting to be moved inside. He simply shrugs his shoulder and in a few short minutes, I see him take the same ice cream platter and delivers it to another table. Turned off by the lack of service and professionalism of an establishment, I asked a busboy to speak to the manager. Kiyoshi Banting, the General Manager checks in with our waiter (whom we were still waiting for) and then walks over to our table to ask what the issue was. For someone who took the time to understand the issue, he seemed neither apologetic or in a hurry to rectify the situation. Banting tells us that he will see what he can do and again does not return to provide us with an update. After another 5-10 minutes of waiting, my husband and I refused to have our night further impacted by such rude and unprofessional service. I asked for the corporate number and the manager's name and the hostess throws us further attitude (when she didn't even try to stop us as we were walking out). "I don't see what's the problem - we're getting your table ready."  Banting stops by at that moment to share with us that a table is being prepared inside. So I'm confused - 20 minutes ago, there weren't enough tables and now there is room?  And then on top of that Banting suggests that there was some miscommunication. And to think, we were just here for dessert. I can see based on other reviews that our experience is not unique. This place is clearly lacking in the service department and perhaps requires further review of its front of kitchen staff. For a restaurant that wears the Rick Moonen label - I'm shocked at the consistently poor reviews. I'll be reaching out separately to the head office, but in the meantime, given how many dining options exist in Vegas, spend your time and money elsewhere. My sincere hope is that other diners, perhaps ones in wheelchairs, pregnant women, etc. aren't treated as rudely.