This review is based solely on our most recent visit 27April2014 to this Buffet.  Being a Las Vegas Local I expect much more for the amount of money we spent to eat here. My wife and I decided to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary and  treat ourselves to "something a bit fancier" than the local casinos have to offer.  I read the reviews prior to going and still made a conscious decision to take my wife here. Shame on me as I was forewarned. As soon as we arrived, we were greeted by a Hispanic host who was just shuffling people. No greeting, no "welcome"..no nothing. Just a "how many?".  After paying approx $78 for 2 of us, we were seated in a back corner by a lady who appeared to be from the African continent based by her accent.  This seating area ad a really bad stench in the area. I immediately asked if we could move to another area and pointed to much better lit and cleaner area. She was very blasé and stated "that area is closed!".  She didn't offer to seat us elsewhere..she just continued on to the next group of people. 

After being seated we headed to the food counters and found a delightful assortment of food. With my mouth watering, I began to pile on the food to take back to our unacceptable booth. The food was lacking with that "POP" of flavor that one would expect when paying this much for dinner! The food was bland, merely warm, and after 20-30 having dinner I felt nauseous for a couple hours. I want to make it clear this was not from over eating!!  To sum it up, the executive chefs at this buffet who over see the quality of the food are not worth a damn. Shame on them for letting crap be served to tourists and visitors that come to our beautiful city and then leave with an experience as my wife and I experienced. We will not be going back.  By far, this buffet should NOT be on the top 10 list to try. I understand that the next persons experience may be different due to different people working different shifts...but the lack of quality to the food...there is just no excuse.  I truly feel bad for someone vacationing here, spending so much jus to eat, and going back to their home thinking of a negative experience of our city.