I find it hard to believe I have to write this review. I came with a business colleague after a convention Wed, Jan 25th 2017 @ 7:00 . I ordered a seafood dish over risotto  that was served on a hot skillet ( can't remember the name but it was the most expensive entree on the menu.) After I ordered a large party came in after us. Our waiter was nowhere to be seen after that. After waiting over 25 minutes for our meal I finally complained. Our waiter immediately appeared with our meals. He informed me not to touch the skillet as it was hot.  I took a piece of shrimp and it was cold and rubbery. I felt the skillet and it was warm but not hot as he warned me. I asked an employee to get our waiter. I explained it was cold. He said he would take it back and have it remade. As i waited I watched a blond waitress with a hair bun carrying a few plates almost drop a plate of their tater tot appetizer.  She stopped the plate from falling by pinning it against her body. She then tilted the plate forward saving the dish with her bare hands. I then watched her serve it to a customer. I asked the customer I was with how his was. He chuckled and said his was cold but did not want to say anything. After 10 minutes or so my meal came back. Looking at it I realized it was the same plate. The depression I made in it from pushing my finger in it to check temperature was still there, all they did was stick it back in the oven. I tried a calamari and it was rubber. the risotto was now play-doh consistency and burnt to the bottom of the pan. Never did the waiter return to see how my meal was. He only stopped back to give me the check and tell me my entree was taken off the bill. I told him I hope so and I did not eat any of it. When he returned, with the bill to sign, he had a bag in his hand and offered me a free chocolate mousse. Before I could say anything he said a table paid for it and left it on the table!! Yes! He offered me someone else's food!!!  I put the time and date on this so the manager can identify the employees and hopefully remember me.