My first review was based only on Pint Central being closed during opening hours etc..I went back today and was really hoping to change what had been my lowest rated Yelp review...
Sadly, not today..We appeared to be the first customers at around 11:15(11:00 open) Right off the bat the waitress tells us that they "are running a little behind setting up"..No problem..we are 2 today, we order 1 app and 2 burgers..The app, Avocado fries comes out timely, slightly over fried(coating) but  tasty..So far so good..Again, we are the only party in the place.. at this point, the guy behind the bar rips a HUGE burp..Hey, cover your mouth!! LOL Waitress brings out burgers, immediately apologizes for the delay, stating,"It's are new cooks first day"!! I felt it wasn't that long so ensured her all was good..She then gave us 2 practically empty(literally)ketchup bottles stating, "it's all I can find"..So i dive into my fries, room temperature at best, small broken pieces of what should have been curly fries...My burger's (breakfast burger)egg cooked so well done , no runny yolk, burger way overcooked..Now if only I had a decent amount of ketchup to remedy this..My son's burger, (Korean burger) was alleged to come with "Pork Belly"..I don't know where they get their "Pork Belly" but the meat atop his burger was clearly a very thick slice of bacon!! Not bad albeit, but to advertise "Pork Belly" and give someone bacon??? And his side, a BLT salad listed "topped with Avocado"..What was indeed on the salad was a dollop of Ice Cold guacamole..Now to be clear, we did not say anything to the waitress at first(Hey, it was the "new" chef's first day) because we are were on a schedule, had a Groupon and despite the discrepancies with the burgers, they tasted fine(Korean better then the Breakfast) When the waitress came to take the Groupon(not asking if we wanted anything else etc) she asked how things were..I was hoping to just escape at that point but told her the fries were certainly underwhelming, not the right temperature and nothing but broken pieces ..She did ask if we would like a new batch but I declined, then she went on to say that it was the new cooks first day on his own and he was "overwhelmed" and he wasn't left with anything set up....1 app, 2 burgers? Not a single other customer in sight? What is going to happen at the height of their service today? She also stated the fries were made spiral in house and that them breaking into little pieces when they were fried was the norm..Hmmm..I then asked, is that really all the ketchup you have in the entire restaurant? " She replied, "I'm sorry , I can't find the key for the shed" Enough said...But in the end, I did indeed leave her a tip for approx 16 % of the full bill before Groupon..My tip to Pint Central, Get your act together!!!