Just picked up some food from Lenny's for the first time.  I got a burger and some cheese fries.  The food came out within 2 minutes, and was slammed down on the counter by a rude girl.  That was my first impression.

There was also no place near the drink station to throw away any trash, so people left straw wrapping paper all over the place and no one cleaned it up.  I decided to throw mine away in the trash can near the door, which was covered in endless amounts of grime because they haven't cleaned anything in months.  The place is a filthy wreck.  That was my second impression.

I live just down the street, at Clarendon, and got my food home within maybe 6 minutes.  My cheese fries were so soggy they turned to mush and fell apart in my fingers.  They were also cold, and had obviously been sitting somewhere for a while before they served it to me.  They were not fresh, and I have no idea how long they had been stored in that container.  The cheese tasted OK after I microwaved it, but the fries were essentially mashed potatoes and not fresh and didn't taste special at all.  I couldn't even pick them up with my fingers, they were like mud.  So, to put it simply, their fries sucked.

The burger, which somehow magically took 2 minutes to make, was under-cooked.  The ground beef was pink and tasted raw.  The cheap bun was wet and soggy and was coming apart in 3 places.  The fixins that go in the burger were all over the place and completely fell out all over my coffee table.  This had to be the single worst burger I have ever gotten anywhere, about as bad as a burger that gave me food poisoning a couple of weeks ago.  

I microwaved the burger and tried to put some of it back together but it was in a million pieces, so it was impossible to enjoy it.  It tasted like every burger you've ever had at any crappy greasy spoon, literally nothing redeeming about it.  It was awful.

I don't understand how a place that is filthy, with rude service, which gives out mushy stale food, and under-cooked beef, is still in business.  It is possibly the worst burger joint I've ever been to.  From my first impression until I tried the food, all of it was wrong.

I normally go to The Stand on Indian School for my burgers, where they are perfect every single time.  Their burgers can't be beat.  I was in a hurry so I thought I would try Lenny's and I have to say it was damned awful, just awful.  I will never ever ever ever go back to that place again.  Everything was terrible, everything.  I don't get how the place is still in business.  Whoever the clown is who is managing that place needs to be fired.