Being a fan of the original Uncle Tetsu pop-up location in Toronto, my boyfriend & I were really disappointed of how our experience went after visiting Angel Cafe for a dessert run the other day. 

On the first part of our visit, we ordered two Strawberry Angel cheesecake; alongside with the Matcha latte and Yuzu mousse and were quite satisfied. The atmosphere was refreshing, as if you were in a cafe located in Japan and the servers (all dressed in maid and host outfits) were accommodating for the most part, except when they started coming back to our table, disrupting our conversation over and over again asking if we want to order more or if we wanted more water.

We only discovered about the show time that day from multiple hosts and decided to come back in an hour after notifying one of the maids/hosts of our subsequent return. Later on in the evening, we decided to come back again to watch the performances as the servers invited us and right when we walked in; they insisted to have us seated despite us telling them beforehand that we are not there to order more as we had just came about an hour ago. Prior to being seated, we planned on simply watching from afar leaning on the walls not trying to take up a seat. Initially, we thought that they were just trying to be really accommodating to their customers, but when we were about to walk out after the performances ended, the "MC" or as someone we presumed as the café's manager called us out for apparently "taking up space" for the other customers as he saw that we did not order any more. We tried to explain to him our situation and how prior to us coming to see the performance, we had already ordered and payed. However, instead of apologizing for the misunderstanding, he still insisted on the fact that we did not order from the cafe and that he was under the impression that we were to just watch the show without having ordered at all; causing us to just walk out abruptly. 

I have never been to a restaurant or a cafe who treated me like that before. I have found it extremely rude and patronizing to be confronted like that in front of a crowd of people, especially by someone who was acknowledged as the host of the show prior to this altercation. I would have given this review a 4 because of the food but I would not recommend it to anyone as the management and customer service is really poor. 

As for that manager who called us out; I am not sure where you had your education but please go back to school and relearn management, customer service and even an intro to marketing again because that is NOT how you treat your customers. If there is something not working out in your cafe, you do not blame the people buying and sitting in your cafe, but speak to your staff members to fix the problems that you see. Regardless of whether individuals would like to view your show without ordering, the manager should never have to call out an audience member. Those audience members could potentially bring up a returns for the stores in forms such as buzz via word of mouth, social media exposure, and a positive review on sites such as this. If that MC or management team is reading this, I hope you take this to heart and make adjustments with how you treat customers and how you control your flows of communication within your staff.