Went here to try something new. This restaurant did not have a breakfast buffet like the one across the street at the Palazzo, The Grand Lux. But, we decided to try it anyway and sit outside next to the pool (close to the pool) since it was a nice day out. First off, the line was ridiculous, I'd say over 15 minutes, when clearly there were empty tables all around the restaurant. Grand Lux- 0-1 minute wait. We sat outside and the patio was a nice setting. However, the umbrellas which provided the shade had a lot of bird poop and although we wouldn't have minded the cute small birds, there were these hideous pigeons that were also flying around. But the main thing was the smoking. Apparently there was this couple sitting at an adjacent table smoking next to us. We had three small children. We asked if we could move. The hostess informed us that the entire outdoor patio allowed for smoking and if we didn't want to be around smokers that they could find us a table indoors. I was disappointed to know that they didn't even have a smoking section and a non-smoking section for the outdoor patio, which apparently they need because some people in the world have no regard, respect, or consideration, even for kids. If you want to kill yourself, don't kill other people while doing it. Smoking is a sick disease and smokers are addicts and are just compelled to behave in such a destructive way, its pathetic. Why would someone want to smoke a cig for breakfast is beyond me. You'd figure people at a high class place like the Wynn would be different. Guess not. This one is on Wynn for making the rules. Apparently rules are made for those who just don't know better. Since there are no rules here, we won't be returning. The service was good and the food was ok. Its not that hard to mess up scrambled eggs and toast or even chicken and waffles. Not gonna jeopardize my health or my kids because of some idiots and especially because a top hotel doesn't have rules to control their patron's behavior. There are better places to eat, e.g. at the Palazzo or the food court at the Fashion Show, or Chinatown up the street.