One of the biggest dining disappointments I've ever experienced. After hearing a glowing review from another trusted Yelper plus a Groupon, I was psyched to try this place. It's just a few miles from my house, and I love patronizing independent restaurants.

Not considering price, presentation, ambience, or service, the food is bad. My husband got 3 different types of tacos (salpicon, carne asada, carnitas), and he thought the meat was dry and flavorless in all of them. He was also disappointed that they didn't come with any fixings, just a whisper of onions. The beans were ok, but the poblano rice was awful. So bland! 

 I got a specially made vegetarian torta which was comprised of refried beans, cheese, and sauteed onions/poblanos. The torta bread was good, but it was pretty bland overall. I've had MUCH better tortas elsewhere. Where was the avocado that I specifically requested? Trying to keep food costs down I suppose. They served it with a side of mango salsa which was very good on its own, but it did not go with the dish at all.

The only great dish was the red salsa that came with the chicarron appetizer. It had a great smoky flavor from chipotles. Unfortunately, we weren't offered any salsa with our food (and they certainly don't give you complimentary chips and salsa) so we had a wait awhile for to ask our server for a side. Please note, there were two other occupied tables (a two top and a four top) besides ours.

Once you consider price, the dining experience at Rosa Blanca borders on obscene. Street tacos are $3, the chicarron app is $7.50, and the torta was $8.29. 

But the BEST part? They weren't accepting the Groupons because "Groupon hasn't paid us." Unreal! 

We will never come back here. Hopefully when Barrio comes to town, we'll finally get some great Mexico City style food in Gilbert.

Updated later this evening (5/17). A message sent by the owner (edgar m.) Kinda funny since I was raised in my dad's Mexican restaurant.---
"Stephanie, unfortunately you have had a bad experience somewhere else, and wish to bash our fine restaurant to compensate your lack of knowledge of fine Mexico City cuisine. If you want oily orange cheese, dried beans, and old iceberg lettuce go somewhere else as you won't get that here. We strive everyday to bring this community what it so badly is starving for....great tasting entrees at an affordable price. We also noticed that you ordered items that are not on the menu, and our staff did our best to accommodate you....We are a new business and understand we have to be flexible. However, we have to be consistent. Our menu and our products are top drawer. Our preparation is solid. Seems you also had a problem with how to pay. Perhaps you shouldn't eat out if you expect things to be discounted and still can't afford it. ( FYI) cilantro and onions is how street tacos come.... ( " for all the fixings ") go Filiberto's...."