Absolutely horrid on every level. 

Having never been here before, I checked out the menu online before coming in. The flavor choices looked plentiful and varied, they advertised one of the cool new coke machines, and the fries looked delicious. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong.

I got there and it was in the middle of what is considered to be "lunch rush" time, and it was a day that many people have off or take off (Good Friday), and there were only 2 other people there.  This should of been a red flag.

I step up to the counter (which was in sneezing distance from the front door) and  I place my order. The cashier was either new or not awake, this was a seriously strenuous feat just to order lunch for three people. She kept going in circles, asking me questions that had already been answered, and ignoring questions that I had just to move on with her rehearsed prompts. $33 dollars for 3 meals later, I was waiting for my food. 

The cashier asked me if I wanted my drinks now (sure, I'll take my cups and fill them in the cool new Coke machine with all the options that was advertised on your website, surely it must be around the corner......Nope. They had a min soda station behind the counter.  The Dr. Pepper tasted like the bag was empty and the ice tasted like it was made with filthy tap water. Fortunately I did not have to drink much of it because the 20 oz. cup was 18oz ice. 

They shoved all three meals into one bag, which was so full you couldn't even close it, let alone have enough room to hold the bag closed. Add this to two to-go cups and it was fun trying to get it in and out of my car.  The fries were in an open basket, this made it fun when the unclosable bag fell over in my car. 

I get the food back to work (5 minutes after it was placed in my hand) and we begin to eat our meals. It is here that I find the bag must of been too stuffed to the gills for them to put silly things like napkins or forks in. This made for a very cumbersome meal to (try to) eat. 

The fries were cold, soggy, and tasted like they were coated in sugar. My wings (Hawaiian and teriyaki) were absolutely disgusting. The Hawaiian was savable with ranch, but still tasted like the bottom of someone's shoe. I have been to Hawaii, I have no clue what flavor profile of the state they were trying to emulate, whatever it was, they failed. The Teriyaki was absolutely dreadful. It literally tasted like someone poured BBQ sauce in a dirt field and then rolled chicken in it. I forced myself to eat one whole piece because I was so saddened to of spent so much money on 6 chicken wings, but it was just plain disgusting. The whole meal left a nasty after taste in my mouth.

I feel like I just threw my money down the drain, the food was disgusting, the service was pitiful, and the prices were astronomical.  Never, Never again, will I give this place my money.