What a Fing bummer.  I have been looking forward to trying this place for a few years and boy was I let down.  I take my kid to Aqua Safe which is a swim school right behind Tom's Thumb Fresh Market and another father in my kid's class was raving about how good the breakfast burritos are.  So while I was getting ready this morning I made sure not to eat much because I was finally going to go try one of these "awesome" burritos.  I ordered the Chorizo Egg & Cheese Burrito and a small drink.  It came out to $10.03 and there is a tip line on the receipt so I left a buck.  So for those of you that are not good at math I spent $11.03 on breakfast.  I am used to breakfast burritos being somewhat hearty.  Not this burrito! It was a SMALL.  I have rolled joints bigger than this thing, I have had sushi rolls that were bigger than it.. I think you get the idea.  To top it off there was no cheese.  Come on the burrito has 3 ingredients. 1.  Egg.  2.  Chorizo.  & 3.  Cheese.  After eating a few bites which was half of it because of its size, I asked the girl I ordered from what kind of cheese was in the burrito and she told me they use a 3 cheese blend.  I told her that there was not any cheese and instead of looking at my food she asked the cook what kind of cheese he put in it.  She then told me that the cheese is finely grated and that is why I didn't see it.  Not only did I not see it, I also didn't taste it.  Maybe because it was not there.  

If you are in the area of this place and looking for a good spot to eat breakfast try Over Easy which is in the same building as the Ice Den.  The burritos there are about 4 times the size and maybe about the same price.  Come to think of it I should write a review for Over Easy!  Much more bang for the buck.  11 bucks for a burrito and a small drink is way too much for what I got.  The food cost on everything I had was probably less than 1 dollar.  a few pennies for the soda and cup, an egg, and some ground up chorizo.  I feel so ripped off!