I admit my expectations were high. I'm a fan of Tory Miller's food, and expected another fantastic experience here.

We arrived a bit early for our reservation, so we decided to grab a drink at the bar. I had the wine/cola cocktail, which was fine. My wife, who doesn't drink, ordered the honeydew melon shrub. She's a big fan of the vinegar-y tang of a shrub, and was thrilled that the bar served them. The shrub arrived as a sugar bomb, more syrup than vinegar. After a conversation about it with the bartender, we learned that they sweetened it up after feedback from guests that if was too vinegar-y, and that he agreed with us on what a shrub should be, and would make us a proper one. The second shrub arrived still very sweet. My wife didn't finish it, and we just went for our table, defeated. That shrub sat full on our table all night.

The dining room was about half-full, which seemed odd for 8:30 on a Saturday night. I was expecting the place to be packed.

After reviewing the menu, we decided on splitting the Valenciana paella, and sharing a couple of starters. We ordered the wrapped dates and the deviled eggs. The dates were good, though showed off more of the feta and oil than the date and jamon. Still serviceable but bland. The deviled eggs featured a nice and unexpected olive note, but could have used a bit more salt.

Oh how I regretted wishing for more salt...

The paella arrived and was visually as colorful as you'd expect it to be. You are given a large fork and spoon, and urged to mix up the paella before serving yourself.

... Which reminds me. I really enjoyed the table side paella dishing at the old La Paella on Fish Hatchery Road. Now THAT was a fun paella place.

Anyway, the first bite of the paella foretold the salt bomb that was to come. The sausage in the paella was already very salty, and whoever made this dish must have either forgot about the sausage, or forget he had already salted paella twice already. Like, salty.  If there was any saffron in the dish, it died a meaningless death.

I let the server know, and he said that he'd pass on the feedback, that the chef is always looking for feedback.  I suppose that's all the server can do with a dish that would take 30 minutes to remake.

The service, btw, was very good.

Also, there was an unopened mussel in the paella.

We didn't finish it.

I think Estrella can use more QA on the paella.  Make sure the bivalves are cooked (they open up for you, guys) and check the flavor before serving.

I can't recommend at the prices they are charging.