I was first introduce to this place almost over 5 years ago and it started out great but I think I might have to break up with Teharu. 

I'm more interested in the food so I'll start with that. I always get my usual when I go here and it's always Hawaiian, Vegas, Dragon, and Bake scallop. Now I live in East Mesa so it is a good 30 minutes drive to get here and let me tell you, it used to be worth it. The last 5 times I've been here has been a miss. Vegas roll was always cold, kind of defeat the whole purpose of having a deep fried roll? No? The Hawaiian roll, which is spicy tuna roll with tuna on top and spicy mayo is always unbearably spicy because I think they are trying to mask away fishy flavour since their fish isn't the greatest of quality, which I knew for the price wasn't going to be the greatest already so when it's extremely spicy, then i can't eat it so...?  Now what annoys me is the bake scallop because that was my absolute favorite but lately it's always been disgusting. Like it has a pee smell on the scallop so when you eat it, you feel like your eating someone's piss. 

I never get to try new rolls anymore because the ones on the belt most of the time looks dried and like it's been there since they opened up for the day. And there's usually 1 left, what's so hard about replenishing it? Or do they wait for that one customer who just eats anything to eat it before they put out more? That's another thing that erks me, if you're a conveyer belt sushi, shouldn't you have someone dedicated to constantly stock the belt with a variety of sushi so that customers can grab? Lately it seems that they focus on orders more and then the belt becomes empty and sad.

When can the price of something stop being accountable for the quality you get? Yeah it's cheap but when can we stop saying, oh for the price it's not bad. And this is why restaurants continue to lack and not improve. 

Oh and for the waiters and waitresses there, I'm not even going to waste my time writing about them because the don't bother wasting their time serving me. 

So long story short. Try it for the experience but don't expect much cause you know, for the price and all.... ( last part was sarcasm if you didn't catch it )