Oh man this is going to be a long review so if you want the gist, god awful, do not go. I was so dissapointed with everything that once I got home I had to write a review.  First of All I am Vietnamese and Pho is such a soulful dish, the pho I had today was the worst thing ever.  My parents came to visit with my sister and a friend, and after a long day we wanted to finish with a hot bowl of pho.  I have seen this place, I have even walked by it when I ate at Sura.  There was a smell so tantalizing that I had to go and try it. I thought it would be a good idea to try Jenni Pho Grill tonight.

We walk in saw that the place was not too busy maybe about 7 tables.  We got seated fairly quickly.  Our server was pretty nice, my parents attempted to order in vietnamese but the server informed us that he did not speak it.  Cool cool, no big deal, he seemed like a nice kid.  After that it went downhill from there.  We ordered three bowls of the Pho Dac biet, and two orders of the pho tai.  We finished our order with two thai teas, the jenni jelly drink, and two waters.  

My family waited around, no waters, no drinks nothing.  We watched three tables get seated order their food and get their food before we even had anything on our table!  after a 25 min wait, our waiter finally comes back with two waters.  We asked why the service was so slow, he stated that there was only two waiters and said sorry.  So it was fine for now.  After we got the water nothing else came to us.  We watched as the tables that came in after us eat, and one even finished before we were served.  After another 35 minutes, our food finally came out.  First the two dac biet bowls, then the last three.  Finally the drinks came out as well.  I have worked at a boba place before, making thai teas should not take a hour.  For waiting for so long I was really anticipating for a great bowl of pho.  Oh man was I wrong.  The broth was lukewarm, it could not even finish cooking my meat.  The broth tasty funky as if it was made with a pre made powder.  My parents and I watched a one cook was constantly tasting the broth, and we saw no bones that make a great broth.  The bowl was mostly disappointing broth.  There were very little meat and noodles.  We ate, and we wanted to get out as soon as possible.  We asked for a to go cup for the thai tea because it took so long we were just going to take it home.  It took almost another five minutes just to get a plastic cup.  

In the end it was just terrible.  My family and I went home unhappy.  And the thing is I love food, I work in the industry so I timing is very important.  Having only two servers is rough but it can not be the only excuse.  If there was something wrong or if it was going to take a little longer, they should inform the customers.  The worst part was watching tables come in before us and eat before we got anything.  I am never going back.  I really hope they clean up their act, there are a lot of pho places out here and if they don't fix things it will be buried beneath the rest.