The good : The property itself is absolutely gorgeous and all the rooms are spacious suites. 

The bad : Customer service from the dealers were absolutely unacceptable. I played Blackjack but after my experience here I vow never to give this property another penny.

On two separate occasions the dealer did not pay me when I had a winning hand. Had I not been paying attention I would have never got my money so hopefully you like playing these games dry and sober. The first dealer realized her mistake after I pointed it out and quickly apologized. 

The second dealer who looked liked she was half asleep took my sidebet when it was a winner. When I quickly pointed out that she made a mistake she got defensive and said that she had already paid it and was sure of it. 

After a couple of exchanges I decided to call the pit boss over (something that she should have done) and explained the situation. He said he'll have surveillance take a look and update me. Low and behold they said she took my bet when she should have paid it and awarded me my $10 bet + $40 winnings. No apology or anything from the dealer, just continued dealing like nothing had happened. Maybe that's how this place stays in business. Side bets are sucker bets and they don't even pay you when you win!

Shout out to the pit boss who handled the situation professionally and with humor. A dime a dozen in this casino.

While I was playing on another table with my friend another dealer pushed into the game we were already playing for 30 minutes. The moment I decide to hit he tells me that I'm not using the correct hitting motion and refuses to give me a card until I hit using his "correct" hitting motion. I've played blackjack for a long time in many casinos around the country and never once did a dealer or pit boss tell me to use this perfect beautiful hitting motion. Arguing with this dealer instantly sucked the fun out of the session my friend and I were having so we decided to get up right away.

If the people at your bachelors party like to gamble and drink while they gamble stay away. You'll run into rude dealers or dealers that won't pay you when they're supposed to. Or they'll bring bad vibes to a party atmosphere. With so many other options on the strip I'm surprised that they are able to act this way.