Flats East Bank resident and former bartender/manager here. I've really tried to give this place the benefit of a doubt or a chance to change my opinion, but after 4 lackluster visits I think I can safely say this place is a no-go and likely won't change.

First visit: Ohio State vs Michigan football game. The place was newly opened and the staff showed it. Only one bartender behind the bar for most of the game... if she was even behind the bar. Rookie mistake for what is a statewide drinking holiday. When she WAS behind the bar, she couldn't take the hint that two empty beer glasses on the edge of the bar means "we'd like another, please". Literally had to call out to her and ask for another beer and a water. Got the wrong beer, no water, and when informed, she didn't get the right beer. Also, I get that this place isn't fine dining, but it isn't Hooters/Tilted Kilt, either - the bartender had her shirt tied up exposing a lower back tattoo and had cut a V so low in the neck that the bottom band of her bra was clearly visible all day. 
Second visit: Brought some out-of-town friends here as part of a brewery tour of Cleveland. There were signs out on the tables advertising Happy Hour specials of $5 pints of house beers. When we asked our server for the Happy Hour special, he replied "Oh we don't have that, it's only valid at the Akron brewery..then why are you advertising it? He told us he'd ask if they'd honor it but never reported back and we got charged full price for our beers. While eating (btw, food is overpriced and underwhelming) I asked for a side of ranch. Server brings out four sides of ranch on a plate and sets it down saying "Here, I know people like you ask a million times for more ranch so you won't have to bug me for more". Pretty embarrassing and not as funny as he thought it would go over. 
Third visit: Played Backyard Bocce next door with different out-of-town friends, they wanted to check out Thirsty Dog and how it compared to the Akron site. We were sat and served by a sweet, older lady who attended to our every need... until she disappeared. There were less than 10 people total in the whole restaurant, and we would've liked more beer and an appetizer, but the server went 30 minutes without checking on us and I feel that if we were sat at a table and wanted food, we should be served, not have to self-serve at the bar. When she finally came back and asked if we'd like to order food or more drinks, she seemed offended when we asked for the checks.  
Fourth and final visit: Came here after Indians home opener because my dog-obsessed sister demanded it. Get into the lobby and are waiting for a couple more people to make their way inside when the server asks "Bar or Table? How Many?" I replied, "Just a sec, let me see what the group thinks". She cut me off and asked again, "Bar or table? How many?" We'll just sit at the bar, thanks. My sister is a beer novice at best but is eager to explore craft beer. As she was perusing the menu, the bartender impatiently asked her twice if she knew what she wanted yet, but made no offer of suggestions. Finally my sister asked for a sample of a stout. The bartender said she could put it in a flight glass for $3. Any bar I've been to or worked at will offer a sample in a shot glass complimentary. My sister didn't want to buy a flight of a beer she wasn't sure about, so she settled for a canned cider, to which the bartender seemed offended about as well. We wanted food immediately, but after the initial beer-choice drama, we waited - you guessed it! - fifteen more minutes until the bartender came back around to ask about food. We place our orders and the bartender hands out silverware and side plates. One of the side plates has hardened, crusted ketchup still on it (see photo). Disgusted, I put it to the edge of the bar in hopes the bartender would notice and switch it out. Nope. Drops our food off and disappears. At this point I've learned my lesson, so I call out to her and ask if I can have the plate replaced. She says "Oh, that's gross" and tosses it into the bar sink. No apology. After we're done eating our food my sister asks for a water. Never gets her water. We soon ask for the checks and I ask to split the appetizer between my sister and I. She tells me we can't do split checks. Again, any restaurant I've patronized or worked for has had that capability, but I'm assuming it was a hassle that they simply didn't want to do. Paid our tabs, and left for the last time.

I've really tried to like this place because I LOVE all of the beers I've had, but as a former bartender/manager, you've got to put customer service first if you want to stand out from the dozens of bars and breweries in the Cleveland area. It can be grueling work - I agree! But to have such poor service on an inconsistent basis is not a fluke.