If I could give no stars, I would. In the beginning, there was a lot of confusion and miscommunication. Our caterer for our wedding was paying for our cake but they told gimme some sugar to give me whatever I wanted, no matter the price. Those were his exact words. Well at our tasting we agreed on a certain size cake. Good thing I sent an email just confirming things because gimme some sugar took it upon themselves to downgrade my cake to a smaller size because they felt I didn't need the size I wanted. Then they tried to play it off as if our caterer was the one that decided this, which was completely untrue. But whatever, I put that aside because I was very excited for them to make my cake. Well then comes my wedding day. The cake looks nothing like the picture I gave them. They assured me they could do what I wanted, but it looked like a cheap effort on their part. Then we cut into the cake, and SURPRISE, there was not one flavor that I picked!! I ended up going with red velvet and strawberry shortcake. Want to know what I actually got?! Pumpkin spice and lemon raspberry!!! Hmm interesting. Also, I have a severe nut allergy so what if one of the flavors they put in my cake that I didn't pick, had nuts in it? Clearly they didn't care!! I don't understand how a so called "top rated" bakery can mess up so royally!! Needless to say I will never be doing business with them again. And I will be sure to warn others. I know they make celebrity cakes, so maybe I just wasn't high profile enough? Well thank you gimme some sugar, for completely ruining my wedding cake! And another shocker, no response from gimme some sugar yet as to my dissatisfaction. They apologized to our caterer first, because you know, it was only OUR wedding. Basically they made up a bunch of excuses to cover their tracks. The only problem was their excuses didn't make sense, and when I came back with evidence that they were making things up to make themselves look better, they didn't really have anything to say.