Let me say up front that I love the O'Charley's franchise in general. 

While traveling far from home on business, I always count on O'Charley's for a decent lunch or dinner with consistency in food, quality, menu selection, and service. 

I love their ribs, my personal favorite their "black and blue salad," their desserts, their bar, their varied menu selection, their cleanliness, and most of all those addictive - hot. buttered. yeast rolls. I have ruined several dinners by filling up on a basket of those yeast rolls prior to receiving my entrée. LOL.

Now on to my review of O'Charley's University City......

This is the worst O'Charley's franchise location that I have encountered in sixteen states.

Why?

The food here is mundane, and a generally poor expression of O'Charley's menu.

The service is extremely slow......IF you receive service at all. 

They appear to have a lot of employee turnover, because during our company lunches there, we all noticed that our waitresses were not on point. We had to ask multiple times for refills, where our food was, for the check, etc. 

Our general manager was also a fan of O'Charley's, and he opted to have our company Christmas lunch there one year. (Can you imagine?) Service was so poor that we never went back. Our server was so inept that a manager had to intervene and help out. 

On my absolute LAST visit to this location, I arrived early to beat the lunchtime crowd. I was promptly seated by one of the THREE giggly teenage girls manning the front kiosk. 

Then nothing, absolutely nothing.

I never saw a waitress in our area. No one took my order for either drinks or food. 

While I was waiting patiently for a wait person to materialize, restaurant tables began filling up rapidly in other areas. Other waitresses were taking orders, while I sat there watching my potential lunch order go behind the later arrivals. This did not make me happy. 

In hindsight, I guess that I could have gotten up and moved to another table in another section, but at the very least, one always expects a restaurant to recognize their customer's presence at a table. Hindsight is always 20/20. It was not clear to me that day. 

After twenty minutes of no waitress entering our service area.....I got up and left.

The three pubescent maître 'ds were huddled around smiling and giggling like Japanese girls in a Tokyo arcade. I was so angry that I vowed to never return to this foul place, and I never have and never will. 

I was so angry that I contacted the restaurant manager and O'Charley's corporate.

The restaurant manager was defensive, and O'Charley's corporate sent me a $25 gift card. I used this card at the O'Charley's in Hickory, where I received stellar service and an overpriced rib eye steak. 

I hope that they have changed managers and employees in the interim, but it will be a cold day in **** before I ever set foot in this place again. 

PS: I especially love all of the fake Yelp reviews that have popped up recently for this location - quite entertaining.