Last week I had guests in town so we came here. Generally we are not huge fans of buffets but the Bellagio is famous for being on the classier end as far as hotels on the strip go so we thought if any buffet would be nice this would be the one. We were excited.

First, before we even made it into the buffet we had an a confrontation with an older woman because she tried to cut us & the family behind us in the line. When we got there the line was formed in a straight line & the barrier had not been put up yet because there just weren't that many people. After waiting in a straight line for quite some time, a mob of people came in through the side line up & the a woman & her husband got very aggressive with us & tried to cut us & the large family behind us by claiming that "the line starts here." We had already been waiting there for 20 minutes before she had come so of course we did not allow her to cut, fair is fair, however I feel like the hotel could do a better job organizing the lines & monitoring the crowd because when people are hungry they start to act like animals. Anyway that was a minor thing our biggest issue was the staff once we were inside.

Our waiter was a man who acted like he was clinically depressed. He did not smile, he looked angry, he came by to ask us if we needed refills & such but he seemed very reluctant to do so. I really don't expect servers to be extremely upbeat or kiss my behind or anything but this guy just seemed like he was over his job already. We were afraid to ask him for service because he was not an approachable person. He was a really tall, older man & I thought maybe he was just tired but when I saw that he was smiling for the table next to us I was in shock. We are a real quiet bunch so I didn't understand why this was happening. 

If the scary attitude wasn't bad enough this same waiter was flirting & kissing another waitress right next to my table while I was trying to enjoy my food. Our table was right next to the entrance to the back busser room where all the waiters would come in & out of. Literally less then a foot away from my seat, these two servers were touching & feeling each other. I was surprised that they were out in the open like that & no one said anything about it. I am not a prude but seriously, I'm trying to eat, can you do that on your own time?

The service was appalling considering this is a 5 star hotel (or at least I thought it was?) & the free show with the wait staff was something I could have done without. 

We came for lunch & the food was mostly leftover breakfast foods. There were no sushi rolls at all which we were looking forward too. We weren't sure why we paid for lunch when majority of the food was leftover breakfast items. We came in towards 2:30 P.M. which is near the end of the lunch service so I didn't understand why there were still eggs Benedict, sausages, & scrambled eggs. The green beans were in a section labeled as strawberry sauce (obviously from breakfast). Basically no one is doing their job. There are tons of buffets on the strip, I think I will check out Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo or the Wynn Buffet & hope for a better experience in the future instead of coming back here. Seems like even if you go to a upper scale hotel quality has really come down.