I will preface this by saying that I know we were a large group of 19 people and that there was another large group of approximately 20 people at the front of the restaurant as well.  I know the other group had arrived about a 1/2 hour before us.  We had made a reservation over a week prior to our visit.  We had asked that we would be able to sit on the patio together.  When we arrived we had 3 tables of eight and was told that each table would be on one check and that they were not able to split the check any further.  We had one server for all 3 tables. 

After quite a while of sitting at our table and the bread basket was empty, which was never refilled and sat on the table during the course of the night,  we finally had our orders placed.

The salads for the table I was sitting at came out and the food runner said he had the soup for the table but it wasn't until we realized that the table next to us received theirs that our tables had yet to arrive.  We had to ask for the soup. Once we asked it came out right away.  When ordering we were told the salads were big enough to share.  One couple asked for an extra plate to split the salad and was brought out a small bread plate.

Our entrees came out and the garnishes (Mashed potatoes & vegetables) were luke warm and near cold although the meat was hot. Plus the entrees were "auctioned off" and I noticed this with other diners as well even the two tops.  This drives me crazy, you have two people at a table and you don't remember who ordered what??  That is why seat numbers are used...

Once we were pretty much done with our entrees, we realized that our third table had yet to receive their meals.  This while we had watched other diners in the restaurant come in after us and gone with full bellies.   Something is really off in this restaurant and the kitchen's timing.

We ask for the check and they added not an 18% but a 20% gratuity.  At this point our server said she could split the checks a bit more but it had to be in groups of two and this she even got wrong. 

We were charged the wrong price for a bottle of wine, instead of adjusting the price we were comped $5 which meant we were charged the 20% on the full price of the bottle of wine vs the price that was listed on the menu. 

If you cannot accommodate two large parties at one time then why accept the reservation??  We or the other group could have easily went somewhere else or was told this will be the scenario when you arrive.  At this point we wish we would have.

We as a group were not very happy with our experience at Bernard's Bistro.