My one star is NOT based on the food, but rather the service. Because I buy lunch for our entire office staff, every day, I always try to call our orders in to prevent holdup or avoid the long lines. I get it - it's lunch time and everyone is hungry and there's FOOD everywhere! But, in order to make it a place you WANT to come back to time and again, CUSTOMER SERVICE is very important.

I made 3 calls to this particular location before being connected to a human. On the third attempt, I was placed on hold for approximately two minutes - not a big deal - I know it's crazy busy during meal times; I was able to get the order placed with the assurance that our meals would be ready in "10 to 15 minutes." I waited about ten minutes before heading to the restaurant, with full anticipation of being able to go in, grab the food, and get out.

I got to the restaurant on time, could see my order bagged and ready to go sitting on the back counter. The line for ordering was stretched to the door; I waited in line for probably 3 minutes, then walked towards the one register where a young pregnant woman was on the phone. I waited for another 3 or so minutes while she finished her call and when she finally looked at me, I said: "I have a pickup. I believe that's it on the counter." She said: "get back in line and let me take care of these people here."

What's the point of placing a $50 order over the phone if you are just going to be told to "get back in line" and wait for the twenty people in front of you to place all their orders?

Either the place is grossly understaffed during lunch hours, or the people working the registers need better training, OR, here's a thought - how about a SEPARATE register and a pickup spot just like your neighbor has in their establishment? You know, JERSEY MIKE'S - they have it figured out - always a long line when I get our lunch there, but because I've called it in prior to arriving, I can go straight to pickup and be in and out in under 3 minutes on average.