If you have a choice DON'T DINE HERE. Toby Keith I HATE YOUR BAR & GRILL.

 I would rather stay home and get a third degree burn in my mouth from a Lean Pocket than ever dine at this type of place, but sometimes it's not about what I want. 

It was my sister's birthday and her and my mother love country music and Toby Keith in particular. My mom had mentioned she wanted to take my sister here so I took the bull by the horns and made it happen. Big mistake.

We all know there are outstanding restaurants on the strip that are worth every over priced dime that you spend. Not this one. This falls into the other category. The Over Priced Food That Just Sucks Themed Restaurants.

Still, I can get past the price just to make people I love happy, but not this time. In a nutshell.

The food wasn't terrible. My sister ordered meatloaf potato skins with gravy for our appetizer. This was creative, yet under seasoned, but still I was thinking this would be cool to recreate at home for one of my dinner parties. Maybe with sweet potatoes.

Next we each had a sandwich which does not include fries and my sister added fries. My sandwich was a grilled BBQ chicken sandwich which wasn't terrible at all. I could only eat half and brought the rest of the chicken home to my dog. One Coke, two well drinks and $95 LATER!!!!!!! Fuck me.

Like I said, I can get over the price, but the waitress broke my number one rule. IT WAS A BIRTHDAY AND SHE DID ABSOLUTELY NOTHING FOR MY SISTER. Not that we expected a lap dance or Toby Keith to serenade us in tight jeans, but something! I made it a point to tip the busser and have her tell the waitress about the birthday (let me say those girls are the ones hustling in this joint The waitresses merely take your order and then hand you your check at the end. Other than that they do shit. It's all about the bussers. Our busser  was on point and I know she told the waitress. Well Sue or Suzie our blonde waitress brought me the bill and I mentioned it to her and she just looked at my sister and said, "Happy Birthday". I wanted to rip her Lee Press-On nails right off. Well, I tipped her accordingly and then tipped the busser again.

If mediocre, overpriced, under seasoned bar food and country music is your thang than you will be in hog heaven with the trailer park beauties servin' it up. If you are looking to spoil someone you love on their birthday with a simple scoop of vanilla ice-cream and a feckin' candle than do not come here.