DO NOT GO HERE!!!!

AS always I should have listened to you Yelpers. I tried, I really did but the rest of the party I was with insisted they wanted to go here even though the restaurant next door was Moroccan and had belly dancers! ( not to mention 4 stars). Just as other people have commented, Yes there is a very annoying Italian manager that just loves to teach you about "Brazilian steak house". I have a feeling he is going deaf, everything coming out of him is very boisterous and he even bends over when you place your order and yells in your ear "WHAT?" The horrible part was there was an actual Brazilian in our group but the manager had no idea... he thought us so many things about "Brazilian steak house" he even taught me how to drink out of a cup.  He was very perturbed when we wanted to see the menu instead of getting the "Brazilian steak", "YOU DO NOT WANT TO EAT BRAZILIAN FOOD??" This is because it is the most expensive thing on the menu.

The restaurant inside looks like they picked up everything at a garage sale and then put it all together in one big space. There is a huge chandelier in the middle of the restaurant that consists of 40 green desk lamps turned upside down. The restaurant also comes complete with pastel crane "posters" from a 90's hotel.

The food:
DISGUSTING.
I ordered the Greek salad because I was scared to get anything else. They over drenched it with salad dressing and the feta was out of those President packages you get at the supermarket. The Brazilian guy we were with got the actual "Brazilian Steak" which is all you can eat of different cuts of meat. "NO DOGIE BAGS AND NO SHARING" barked the manager. I didn't want to eat any of his stinking meat anyway it looked like it had been recycled from day to day. One of the waiters asked my B.F if he wanted more turkey ( Brazilians don't even eat turkey) and he said "no" he was full and the old geezer got mad and said that he is required to ask and that he should be polite! ok... the B.F puts up with my shit all day long and doesn't say a thing... this guy just wanted to be a dick.

P.S- Even some of the other waiters were making crazy faces(LOCO) behind the managers back  when he was talking to the table!! Everyone thinks he's an idiot, even his employees!!