We really gave this place a chance but it just failed in so many ways. 

First off, I don't know if the guy in charge of house sound is deaf or what but the music was so loud that we were straining our voices trying to talk (yell) to each other. Then the Canadiens game began and it was even louder. For a place trying to serve fancy looking food, the ambiance just sucked because of the noise. It was not a busy night, so I'm not sure why they thought they had to deafen their patrons.

The menu was simple enough but unfortunately so was the waitress. This waitress was just not all there.  She was pleasant, easy on the eyes but that's about it. She took our drink orders, upsold us to the larger portion of salmon tartar and forgot to take our dinner order.
 
When she came back with the drinks 10 minutes later, she spun on her heels to go do something else and we had to almost grab her to get her to take our orders. We ordered the flank (bavette) steak and she seemed to forget to ask how we would like it cooked. My dinner companion took matters into his own hands and actually chased the waitress down across the restaurant to make SURE she knew to put the order in for medium rare. 20 minutes passed, 30 minutes passed. No tartar, no flank steaks.

Then out came the tartar appetizer at the same time as the steaks... The tartar wasn't particularly inspired, little flavour and served with 6 french fries. We dug into the steaks and, wouldn't you know it, they were well done to the point of being the tenderness of shoe leather and as dry as tree bark. 1-2 bites in we cut the middle of the steaks to see if there was any hopeful hint of pink, but no dice. The waitress didn't ask the basic  question of "is everything ok?" as we began our meal so we tried to flag down the guy in the dress shirt who seemed to be a manager. He didn't see us (or anyone else for that matter) as he just sat down on the bar and fiddled with his iPhone. 

We finally managed to get a manager and by that time it was too much for us. It was a very unfortunate experience but at least the manager was kind enough to delete the shoe steaks from the bill. As we headed for the door I doubt our waitress had any idea what had transpired. She was cheerful and looked as if she was pleased to see satisfied customers leaving. Alas, that was clearly not not the case -  Factory was a total failure right from front of house to back.

We left hungry and disappointed, so we went up the street to La Belle Provence to get hot dogs and poutine instead. At least there, they knew what they're doing.