In town to visit relatives. A short visit. Staying at the hotel park and decided to grab dinner before it was too late for my toddler son. He wasn't feeling well so instead of driving we took a walk on the nice evening to Chili's. Our hotel said it was right up the street and it was a short walk away. Arrived and promptly seated. The restaurant is a little less than half full around 6:45 pm on a Thursday evening. 

I haven't been to a Chili's in years so I had no idea to to expect but I know I probably won't be eating dinner inside with this toddler as it is close to his bedtime. The hostess is too kind and offers a high chair twice along with some crayons wrapped in a coloring book. She tells me about Chili's Rewards. My waiter is fast, a nice gentleman Sean, who greets my son first then me. I love when people acknowledge your kids. He asks me about beverages and if I want something for my son. He comes back with drinks and asks me about my menu options. At this time my son has taking a liken to to the paper wrapped silverware. And he is beating them on the table like drums. He loves all things musical and even plays the tambourine all day while at church. It isn't too loud and the venue as I said isn't crowded. 

As Sean is taking my menu items, another waiter, a black gentleman and I am black as well, comes up to the table with no salutations or greetings to either my son or I and just takes the silverware from my 23 month old sons hands and places them away from him on the center of the table. I proceed to order my food then ask for the manager. Because I was completely thrown off by what just happened in front of my face. 

1. You did not greet me.
2. You did not greet my son.
3. You took something out of my sons hand.
4. You did not ask me if you could approach my son or take something out of his hand. 
5. You did not say a word to me. No comment that my son was disturbing other guests. 
6. In order to place the utensils on the table in front of you had to reach over me as I was ordering my food. 
7. You walked away as if nothing happened. 
8. You offered no apology after I spoke to 2 managers requesting that you apologize. 
9. You proceeded to avoid any contact with me. Not a real man. Definitely not the man who boldly walked over to take something out of my sons hands. 

The manager comped my meal. And apologized on behalf of the server, Marcus, who was both rude and disrespectful. The whole ordeal could have been avoided if Marcus would have said something to me, the parent, instead of reprimanding my child as if it was his own by avoiding conversation with me and taking the liberty to remove something out of his hand again without my consent. 

He essentially touched my child and I doubt if someone could touch your child unless it was life threatening with you present without you having something to say. I waited as my food was prepared and Marcus so boldly avoided me and any opportunity to offer an apology. I found it interesting that the security guard made his way over to my area to stand and wait as well. He stared into my face multiple times and watched me like a hawk. Could a 5'5 woman with a toddler so scare an establishment that security has to be called over because they are afraid I'm going to approach Marcus and what, demand the apology that I so rightly deserved? When I asked the guard if there was a problem because I hadn't seen him the entire time of my visit until my request for an apology. He stated he worked here and that is no issue. No, it was a case of discrimination, disrespect and negligence that they didn't want to hold Marcus accountable for. The managers did apologize but I told them it should come from Marcus. They said they could ask him but they couldn't make it as they would deal with him individually. The truth is they probably never said a word.

The combo fajita and chicken tender platter was actually good. While I wouldn't patron such a disgusting establishment that allows certain servers to do whatever they want to do to customers and their children for that matter without demanding that a real man or woman apologize for their short coming or mistakes, you are free to do so. I guess this behavior is tolerated in the South. Not, coming from where I'm from. You don't ever disrespect a parent or a child, period. You are not his dad or parent, who was down the street.  And a security guard doesn't scare me. I did nothing wrong. There goes a place perpetuating stereotypes. I won't be bullied.

I hope you find this review helpful in determining the most welcoming establishments to eat as a family while in Charlotte. And lord help you if you take a tired toddler who makes too much noise. The servers will take it into their own hands to remove anything that disturbs others without talking to you. That's the last time I visit a Chilis. And I have already written Corporate.