Awww man, if this was my first time here, I would never be back!!! Luckily, we hit this spot up every time we're in Vegas and I know this time must've been some kind of fucking fluke.

Shoulda known better than to save this place for New Year Day brunch, crowded as hell. Hostess (also the manager) told us about 45 minutes wait. Over 1.5 hours later, we were called to be seated. Was cold in the waiting area where two entrances kept opening n dumbasses kept propping them doors open. 

Sat down n the busboys got right on it with our drinks n the photographer approach us to take a pic (we encounter this most the time we come, it's cool n you should always do it for the free pic, refuse to buy the others, it's perfectly cool). We ended up buying the pics cuz 'twas a good shot. Lol. Two Vegas framed 5x7 prints for $25 or one for $20, plus the free postcard pic.

Waitress who took our order was jaded n not nice, just annoyed looking. I ordered spinach salad, side of hash browns n bacon. My BF got the traditional breakfast. Waitress dropped off the spinach salad without saying a word n left.   Spinach salad was not good, wilted leaves n the honey mustard dressing was way too sweet n excessive. Waitress came back to drop off da bf's breakfast n my hash browns. No bacon. She said they're  coming right out.

Well......... She completely forgot my bacon n I ended up eating off my bf's plate. Had she checked back on our table anytime during our stay, she would've known what's amiss n that our coffee cups were empty.... BUT she never checked back. 

We finally called her over n gave her a piece of our minds. She said she's been bugging the kitchen for it (yeah right) n immediately ran to the kitchen and brought out my side of bacon when we got but empty plates in front of us. 

I said I wanted them bacon with my hash browns, those were the things I was craving! She said she'll comp a plate of hash browns with the bacon. I said no. My BF told her to take it away and he talked to a manager on our way out who apologized n said that she is usually a good waitress. 

I'll update my review when shit gets better. This was a crappy experience.