What a disappointment. This was our first time here. We had such high hopes for this chop house experience. It's too bad that what we got was barely on par with lunch-room-cafeteria-quality food.

Everything they serve here is delivered cold. 

The biscuits and honey butter: cold

The margarine (they don't have butter): cold

The prime rib: cold

The baked potato: cold and under-cooked

For a $30-$60 / plate chop house, this place absolutely sucks. 

If this were a $20/plate Sizzler I would have lower expectations, but when I think chop house, I think high-end, high-quality food. This place fails in nearly every imaginable way. In fact Sizzler would have been a step up in quality and temperature.

When I mentioned my food was delivered cold, the manager offered to reheat it for me. I said it needs to be remade. Then, when round 2 of my order arrived, my steak was over cooked. 

So the manager must've thought I said the steak was undercooked. I didn't. I said the entire meal was served cold. Now I understand why he wanted to refire it. He didn't take the time to actually hear my comment. 

Then, oddly enough, our waitress tells me that it's not their policy to reheat food. So, why did the manager offer that? Very strange.

Ok so they don't have butter (as mentioned above). And the margarine is served ice-box cold so when you apply it to your baked potato (even if you can get one served to you hot) the potato will still be consumed cold. Ugh!

The only high point was our server Janell who was gracious and kind despite our challenges with the food. 

At no time did a manager ever return to our table after I pointed out to Janell that my second steak was over cooked.

As a weird consolation prize, after telling our server we don't have room for dessert, she comped two free desserts that we didn't order and that wouldn't keep if we took them home so we left them mostly uneaten on the table. Very strange.

I get the feeling that this place is in need of a bar rescue or kitchen nightmares resuscitation. The choices they make are obviously aimed at saving money but unfortunately they are sacrificing quality.