Severely, severely understaffed.  

No amount of good food can make up for the "service" (if any).  Besides a tasty pork bone soup, there aren't many positives I can say about this place.  And if you've seen most of reviews, I for the most part try to bring businesses into a positive light but I get how hard it is to survive in arguably one of the most competitive industries...ever.  And this is in North York Korean town, need I remind you that there are a butt-load of places that can take your place?

But not with this place.

This place is a classic example of where expectations are set but not met.  I'll just list off the things that they did and I guess what made this place just blow it for me.

1. When we came in, we were greeted nicely and one of my friends (a party of 6 we were) asked if they accepted credit card/debit card.  The server said that they did accept credit card/debit card and cash.  Upon paying the bill, we were given a single bill and I politely asked for 6 separate bills.  The other server then said, "oh, we don't accept credit card/debit card below bills under $10".  I would have been understanding had this been mentioned from the very beginning but as I'm about to list the other faults of this place, you'll see why my patience has run dry with them.

2. Their "lunch" specials on their menus, are supposedly not available on a Sunday.  Of course that wasn't indicated anywhere on the menu, so while I don't blame service for it, I do blame for clumsiness on the owner's part.

3.  The 1st server (there were only two servers), seated our party of 6 and decided to put a table of 6 and 4 together.  We didn't ask for it, but we were pleasantly suprised at this gesture.  What wasn't so pleasant was the 2nd server that came up to us and "you're not supposed to have two tables".  We were taken aback and just said that the other server arranged it for us.  The 2nd server gave a cut-eye stare at the 1st server. (Now that's drama that none of us wants to witness, keep that business in the back of the house).

4. 3 out of the 6 of us ordered GamJaTang (Pork Bone Soup).  None of us were given bowls to discard our bones.  When I finally flagged down the server, after several attempts of pressing the button and waving her down, I asked her if we could get some bowls to put our pork bone in.  I was to about forgive them for just forgetting to provide them on the 1st go, but when she came back, she gave me 1 measly rice bowl...(how on earth am I supposed to fit my bones in there).  I kindly asked her again, if we could have a "bigger" bowl to put our bones in.  She finally clued in and she came back with 1 big bowl. By this point, just decide to give the bigger bowl to the two people and I would make do with the tiny rice bowl.

Having said all this, the pork bone soup was actually decent and very tasty.  The banchan was ok, not the best.  It's a shame that I have to list out these incidents that all happened in a course of a meal.  Truth be told, I do feel sorry for the two servers, because they looked stressed and are running all over the place.  I can't imagine what's happening inside of their minds.

I'm just going to say this, and I hope the owners read this.  Me listing out these "moments" is not here to punish the staff that work here but to merely bring out the point that, good food is not sufficient for a successful restaurant.  Service plays an integral role and from my consumer opinion, this place is understaffed and the poor service is a result of that.  

I would implore that the owners review this and take this advice because it appears that I'm not the only one who feels this way.