Oh man where do I begin?! I was lazy and decided on this place as opposed to hodori (which is my usual) simply because it was closer. First the waitress was unintelligent and knew nothing about the menu and basic Korean dishes. She literally vocalized the fact she nothing about Korean food. Exact words were "I'm sorry I don't know Korean food". My jaw probably dropped when she said that. I should have know to leave then but I thought I'd give this place a sincere try. So I order some nigiri and some soup. The soup tastes like water! This restaurant is stingy and does not use quality kimchi paste and certainly not enough of it. The whole soup tastes flavorless and I struggled to eat the whole thing, getting bored before finishing. There were a measly 6 pieces of beef cubes the size of a penny in there! 6 small not even one bite full cubes of beef. I was so disappointed. Flavorless and full of onion was the soup. Somehow the soup came out before the nigiri, I don't know how or why. But the nigiri looked good! I take the piece with my chopsticks and the rice instantly cracks in half and falls apart. This is a sign of an unskilled sushi chef. After I put my sushi back together again, i mix the wasabi and didn't taste the heat, so I mix a little more and still nothing. I ended up putting the whole wad of wasabi into my soy sauce to get even just a hint of spiciness. This means the wasabi is very old. Like super old. For wasabi to lose its heat completely it must have sat there for days! Eww!! So I take a bite of the nigiri and the rice was crispy, meaning they either recooked the rice from the previous day or it simply dried out due to it not being used immediately. The fish was slimy also that it had been sitting in there for a while. Honestly I'm a bit scared I will vomit the meal back up as I'm writing this... anyway, this restaurant should not be serving sushi. It simply does not get enough business as is to supply quality sushi. Probably due in fact to poor waiter/waitress training and shitty food, people just don't want to eat here enough for decent sushi to be served. Also, their taro boba milk tea is not real taro contrary to what their sign says. Their menu is completely misleading! Not even a small amount of taro is in it and yet the menu makes it sound like real Taro. This was a very disappointing meal.