Restaurant review:
Another restaurants make the DNV list in Champaign. I was hungry and against my better judgement decided to go to this AYCE buffet for dinner. It was a weeknight so luckily there was no line. At first glance I was super excited by the variety of food offered here and 10.99 this is a lot cheaper than the sushi/asian seafood buffets up north. This is where Chinatown buffet took a sharp u-turn from other restaurants that at least feign cleanliness. I watched as they were preparing food from a white bucket on the floor by the grill. I have no idea what sort of food was being prepared, but it should neither be stored in a white unmarked bucket, in a unrefrigerated area, or anywhere near the floor. Let me tell you about the food I ate:
1. Sushi- yes they had salmon nigri. I was excited that there was 4 fresh pieces of it when I arrived and 4 other pieces of an unknown fish. I took the 2 pieces of salmon, not fatty at all very thin cut. Not cold either... I didn't think much until the end of the meal when I went back outside and the same 6 pieces were left. I guess other people were smarter than me. I also had a few pieces of the rolls. The fried roll was somehow ice cold and the one that had some sort of seafood rolled was warm. This is bad news
2. Chinese food crab rangoon okay nothing exciting with this, chicken okay nothing exciting
3. Crab legs- these should be exciting and super expensive, but for some weird reason they are dark colored and very dirty. Even the water that they were boiled in looked like no one washed the crab legs and the dirt or sediment was cooked with it. The meat was slightly firm, but not mushy which you would except with dead crabs
4. Clams- stir fried in black bean sauce. Okay but you always worry what quality is being served as they are a filter organism that can harbor hepatitis A, bacterial, etc.
5. Grilled "ribeye"- how would you like it done.. medium rare.. 5 minutes later I get a minute steak that when I cut into it, the meat is well well done. I eat it and go back for more because I like meat. Again same thing. It looks nothing like the steak in the pictures and I question whether this is really ribeye
6. More asian food egg rolls, salmon, green beans, and ribs. Most of this was over cooked and very greasy. Just check out the shininess in the pictures I took
7. Crawfish- another seafood item that looked good but not clean with dark dirt material. Ugh
9. Corn, fried chicken, chinese donut. Well you can't mess up these basic items so no complaints.
10. Dessert- The only POSITIVE thing was the red bean fried sesame balls. I ate 6 these were tasty. The brownie looked disgusting with the sprinkles losing color into the brownie. The peanut brittle was burnt and not edible. The soft serve ice cream is served without cones. It did not appear to melt as it sat on the table and the "hot fudge" that was used basically deflected off the ice cream. I have no idea what was in the fudge but it tasted very artificial. 
There is a lot of other things I did not try including make your own stir fry, soups, etc. If you want quantity this is the place to go. Quality is way below acceptable levels both in quality or hygiene in my opinion. 

FINALLY to make matters worse, at 3 AM I had rip roaring abdominal pain. No other symptoms so I don't know if something was not prepared well or just too greasy. I am glad this experience is over.

Pro: Run away

Cons: Poor hygiene, seafood that did not look clean, below average quality, you can get food poisoning especially based on there preparation of food

Hidden gem:
Go to centralillinoissavings.com and print out coupons for lunch and dinner if you dare come here
Lunch Buffet 6.99
Dinner Buffet 10.99
Weekend Buffet 11.99
Sunday Buffet 10.99
Soda 1.99