I was excited to try this place out.  Thanks to a newly acquired allergy, I'm living the gluten free life these days, and anywhere that caters to me and my fellow sufferers, is worth trying out.  

I placed an order online for a Friday night pick-up.  Keep in mind, I don't exactly live close, but was willing to make the drive.  My order was placed several hours before pick up, and consisted of one gluten free veggie pizza, and one traditional veggie pizza, for my niece.  

I left a little early, to stop and do a little shopping along the way (why make a trip for only 1 purpose).  As I pulled into the parking lot, it was easy enough to spot, considering how tiny this place is.  I walked inside, checked out the modern decor, and waited for someone to appear.  As I identified myself, I could see things starting to look bleak.  The guy helping me out (who didn't introduce himself, & didn't have a name tag on) let me know that they were out of gluten free pizzas, but would be happy to make both my pizzas traditionally.  I can see this person doesn't understand why people eat gluten free in the first place.  Obviously I was confused, and probably starting to look displeased, and as I started to ask, "What do you mean you're out of gluten free pizzas?", he interrupted me to let me know that they tried to call me and tell me.  Strange...I didn't hear my phone ring.  I took my phone out of my purse, and realized they called me 4 minutes before I was supposed to pick up my order.  Now that's just ridiculous.  They had to know I was already there, or almost there at that point.  Now I'm just ticked.  First off, who runs out of gluten free?!  Second, you obviously knew you were out, but didn't call me until I got there?!  You had more than 2 hours to call and let me know.  Wow.....now I'm just speechless...mostly because I'm hungry, and pissed, and afraid I might spontaneously combust at this point.  Although this twit has no idea about customer service or food allergies, I doubt incurring my wrath will do more than scar him for life, plus my niece was there, and lord knows that child needs a good role model in her life, so I leave hungry, and disgusted.  

IF you're going to make part of your business model selling specific items that cater to allergy prone people, MAYBE you should do a better job of educating your staff, and MAYBE you should do a better job ordering supplies/ingredients, and MAYBE, just MAYBE, you should all learn what good customer service entails, because I guarantee you that experience I had could NOT have been any worse.   If I could give you less than 1 star, I would.