The Longhitano's Gallery Pub & Grille, formerly located near the State Road Plaza in Cuyahoga Falls, recently opened in Kent on the corner of Spaulding and W. Main (St. Rt. 59), in the old building of Firehouse Pub, Country Kitchen, and probably a dozen other failed restaurants. Based on my experience with an early dinner today, it will not be in business long. 

According to an October 9 article in the Record Courier, "We're starting off with a small menu just to get out of the gate," Longhitano said, adding that current menu items also include burgers, salads and "great Italian food."  Indeed, a laminated single-page menu was on each table, with maybe 20 menu items including appetizers, sandwiches, salads, soups, and entrees. There were no pictures of their food.

When I arrived at 3:30 pm, there was only one table occupied by two older gentlemen. The waitress who sort of greeted me told me to have a seat anywhere. When she approached my table, I had my back to her and she started talking to me before she ever arrived at my table. I had to ask her if she was talking to me. When she returned to my table to take my order, again, she started talking before she even got to my table. Her enthusiasm was underwhelming.

When she asked to take my order, she didn't volunteer any information. I asked her to describe the lobster ravioli, and she held up her fingers to show the size of the ravioli and said it had lobster meat in it (well duh) and their alfredo sauce. I asked her if they made it themselves, and she said no. I asked her if it came with anything, and she said a side salad. I decided to try it, and I think it was the most expensive entree at $15.

When the salad arrived, it was just unwashed (I think) romaine lettuce with one cucumber slice, one tomato wedge with a big yellow stem portion in it, and some cheddar cheese on top. The unremarkable dressing was on the side in a plastic condiment cup. 

A gentleman brought the ravioli to my table. I'm guessing he may have been the owner, and he looked a little dirty and unkempt.  I tried the first ravioli, and it was barely warm. I tried the second, and it also was barely warm, so I set the plate aside to wait for my waitress to return. I eventually gave up on that and asked a second waitress to get her. Before she asked me what was wrong, she said "cold"? That tells you something, doesn't it? They microwaved the plate, and the first bite was hot, but that was it. I didn't finish the meal.

The waitress charged me $8.99 for the appetizer version and did not charge me at all for the Pepsi. 

I have no plans to return. The attitude of the waitress was apathy, and if the staff doesn't care, why should I?