I'm updating my review due to the extremely RUDE manager on duty on Easter! 

I placed an order for pick up early on Sunday to have picked up at two. I ordered four meals and several pastries from the case. When I was checking out I mentioned that I was to get a side and bagel option with the Benedict I ordered, per their menu online(see picture). Two girls told me no before they asked the manager, Jeremy/Jerry. Who said no but go a head and give it to her, I said thank you. He proceeds to get a menu to point it out. I said ok just to let you know your menu online says that all eggs and omelet dishes come with a choice of sides stated and a bagel. (All in the same section of the Benedict's). He said it comes with an English muffin but I'm not going to make a big deal out of a bagel and that he's never had anyone ask for the bagel. I don't respond because I know better and he agreed to give me the bagel. But I think to myself well I understand that a Benedict comes with an English muffin, I'm not stupid but the menu didn't state a bagel for a substitute. The girl ringing me out said oh the online menu? Well what this guy doesn't know is that I've worked in and managed places very similar to this and I know when a cashier is sympathizing with a customer. They obviously have had this complaint before also by the way he immediately got defensive. 

So I pay $75 AND tip (not to mention the $8.25 for a "large" side of fruit that was a mere pint) and we leave. As were walking out the door I hear ma'am, like I've forgotten a bag. Ha nope! It's the manager coming outside to argue some more. (My BF said after we left that when he came out the manager said I didn't want to argue with you inside....uhhh how about not at all) He tries to speak but I say to the BF let's go and he starts going on and on and I walk around the BF to walk away and the manager says "ridiculous" as he's wailing back in. Ummmm NNO!!! I turn around, open the door and say that was uncalled for and walked away. He comes out again and says next time you can get a bagel instead of the English muffin. Well Manager of the Year, there won't be a next time!! 

Ok so! So many things wrong with this!! First of all a manager following me outside to argue with a customer!!! Outside!! Over a bagel!!! You seriously have nothing better to do? I never had time to do that when I was a manager nor was it something I wished to do and seek out. He was so mad about giving me a bagel he steamed over it and still felt he hadn't said enough! 

Second, let me inform some of you who might not know...those bagels you pay $2.00 and then some only cost about $.25 to make. Hmmm customer comes to my store spends $75, makes a valid point about what your crappy online menu says, give $.25 bagel to make customer happy. Most restaurant managers know the common sense in that! 

I seriously couldn't say enough about this! 
Uncalled for. Unprofessional. A frequent customer is now a nonexistent. I'm not happy about refusing to have their pastries!! But not worth giving any more of my money to them!!