So we decided to try something different last night.  Against a couple people's advice we ate at Centurion, we had heard it changed hands since our friends ate there, so what the heck.

1) The waitress was extremely friendly and eager.  She needed a little polishing on the waiting skills,but nothing major.  We were very happy with her bubbliness.

2) They do not have an extensive hard liquor selection, as they are more a wine bar.  No problem, except that the $10 - 2oz pour vodka "martinis" came out in those mini vintage coca-cola glasses, with an unripened green olive containing the pit (we were warned about the pit ahead of time).

3) They have an extensive mussel selection, about 5 different ways to prepare.  The waitress was very knowledgeable on the different preparations and explained them all in detail to me.  I chose the Loise (some type of lemon, butter, caper broth).  She also explained that the mussels used were New Zealand Green mussels, and were bigger than ordinary ones.  Hmmm.  So my entree comes out in a large bowl filled with broth and no capers, and about 8 mussels, which were about 3x the size of normal mussels.. Sweet!  I thought...  Until I ate one.  It was the most disgusting tasting mussel I have ever put in my mouth.  It tasted like i just scooped up a bunch of fish crap and shoved it in my mouth along with some dead creatures.  Disgusting.  I only ate 3 of them and could eat no more.  I believe they had been frozen too, as they were terribly rubbery.

4) My partner had the Portuguese style fish stew, which was much better than mine, but had a few flaws of it's own.  He watched as the chef thawed the frozen filet that went in it.  It also had a couple of those horrid mussels in it which he didn't eat on my advice.  He thought there was too much tomato sauce, although it was quite good.  I tried a couple of bites of the fish and sauce, and agreed it was much better than what I had ordered.  But not mind-blowing.  The other shellfish in his stew (mostly small clams) were fine, no taste really, but went well with the stew base.

5) A couple other observations.  This space was definitely not intended to be a full service restaurant, nor should it continue being one.  It is about 400 sq ft inside, there is a bar (not the kind you drink from) dividing the kitchen from the dining room, so guests can see everything going on in the kitchen which faces the dining room.  W were able to see that not much, if anything was prepared fresh.  Things from cans, Uncle Bens rice packets, Franzio wine in a box (maybe this is the chef's private stash?).  The stove, oven, and brick oven make it extremely hot inside for the 4 tables.  Sitting outside was much better, but after May is not possible in Phoenix.  They apparently don't have a cleaning crew either, because all the extensive tchotchkes, pictures, and decor has a thick layer of dust on it.

We arrived around 9pm, and there were 2 tables outside and 2 inside.  It looked as if none of those tables had actually eaten, but were just drinking wine and talking.  Maybe there's a reason for that?