I have now been here 3 times and my first time was great, as I stated in my first review.  But my last 2 visits have not been a pleasant experience.  I went for brunch a few months ago with a group of ladies, 25 of us, and our service was pretty terrible.  First we had confirmed the number of people in our party the day before but they still seemed unprepared for such a large party.  Our server was pretty rude as well, I swear she never cracked a smile.  Our party arrived within 30 minutes of or reservation time, some right on time others a little late and we had the large center table and 2 booths.  Our server stated after only 15 minutes and 12 of us being there that she couldn't hold the tables if we all weren't coming.  We assured her we were and everyone did show up.  It was the continual little things, not refilling water, not bringing fresh, chilled orange juice when we ordered another bottle of champagne for mimosas.  Rolling her eyes and sighing when we asked for the check to be split and never saying thank you before we left.
Last night was so bad I won't be back.  I met with a friend for their pizza and wine special which I was super excited for.  The biggest problem was the bartender, she was rude, inattentive and totally cut corners when it came to making us happy.  We ordered a pizza and one of our toppings was goat cheese but only on one half.  When our pizza arrived it had mozzarella on one half and goat cheese on the other when the mozzarella should have been on the whole pizza.  This is a totally honest mistake and I can see where the confusion could have been in what we said and what she translated it to mean. But instead of apologizing she was a bit argumentative over what she thought we said when we ordered.  To make matters worse instead of having a new pizza made she asked the kitchen to just add the mozzarella on the side that was missing it and re-fire it.  What?!  It was charred in some places, dried out and all together simply not very good.  We were starving and contemplated sending it back, but twice in one night just seemed too much.  
There was a nice gentleman that worked there who asked how are pizza was, bartender chick never did, we actually had to get her attention the first time to send it back.  We were in the middle of explaining why we didn't really like it when Ms. Snarky says "if you wanted me to have a new one made for you, you should have just asked."  WTF?!  I have worked in restaurants and usually when someone sends something back you remake it!  You should have done that in the first place!  She was so rude and it was really hard to even be polite to her at this point but I remained in the acting like a lady zone.  The did take it off our bill and gave us a free dessert.  Let me be clear, it was the gentleman who gave us the free dessert, he was very charming and apologetic.  If Ms. Snarky was nice about everything I wouldn't be writing off Maizies forever, but the icing on the cake was when she sat at the bar one seat down from us to eat her dinner.  I think that is very unprofessional but that wasn't what bothered me most.  The lady that took her place behind the bar and Ms. Snarky had a 10 minute bitch fest complaining about customers and how they can be such a pain in the ass.  The proceeded to regale each other with stories of how customers have annoyed them.  We paid our bill and left.  Ms. Snarky didn't say one word to us on our departure.  There are so many great places in the same area with a much nicer staff.  Those are the places I will be spending my money at.