I tell everybody never to go to this buffet. 
Absolutely horrendous
I had gotten the stomach operation which we had required me to only have liquids and I try to explain that to the cashier
Now I was with a big party
And they all wanted to eat here for some lame disgusting reason
I'm not a buffet person and never have been so I pull out my card that proves that I had had a bariatric surgery it was basically a medical excuse for me to be charged a child's portion
 Either way I couldn't have anything anyway I just wanted to be with my friends

So as the cashier is declining my request she calls a manager and it was this female older lady and I tell her the issue with me and my bariatric surgery so she said that even though I'm only containing liquids that that is still food and I still have to pay the adult price. 
My friends were like that is not cool at all. 
My friends had already paid to get in and were standing there waiting for me so I told them forget it it's not even worth it for me to go in or to eat here it's not a big deal
My friends felt bad and said that they would pay for the adult buffet for me which was almost $30 but I really wasn't interested in it at that point. 
I had eaten here once prior when I took another friend of mine from Florida and my son to see the animals and the dolphins. 
I didn't have a problem the first time I had gone in there
But the way that I was treated by the manager and the girl that worked there I was really disgusted. In fact it was because of that issue that I had that afternoon I never ever tell anyone to go there I always say stay away from the buffet at Mirage. 
When I had eaten there prior there was a basic variety of food there was nothing special about it at all. 
I told them that the Wynn buffet was a lot better and we should've went there so what happened was I went and walked around and found clothing stores and bought shoes and clothes while they ate. 
By the time they were done and came out my one friend Tad had said to me "it kinda sucked, anyway"

Trust me if you're going to go do a buffet there are so many others that are so much better but the treatment that day was pretty horrendous. 

I wouldn't be surprised if they implode the Mirage at this point they can't even keep their night clubs together one oak is so gross it was much better as jet. 
The Beatles revolution bar is kind of a joke
And their nightclub is even worse. 
I'm not a fan of this place at all