THE ABSOLUTE WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE EVER! 

I came in on a Tuesday night and it was completely empty, thought maybe because it was a Tuesday? But quickly learned that it was a sign from the universe warning me to turn right back around and run!  Let me explain why you should run, far away.

We ordered the veal and salmon tartares, lapin raviolis. They also had some new items on the menu we tried, like the salmon belly and tuna tataki. Everything came all at once, fine. The veal was not a tartare at all, it was 3 thick sliced pieces of veal, overcooked on the perimeter and a weird mush texture in the centre. The tuna tataki was prepared similarly but much thicker, like an inch and a half thick. Raw fish should never be served that thick, I couldn't even bite into it or chew. It felt like they didn't know what tuna tataki was or how it's really supposed to be prepared; just threw tuna on the plate and gave it a familiar name. When I thought it couldn't get worse, I tried the salmon belly and was proven very wrong. This dish was just slices of low quality smoked salmon, yup, straight from a  grocery store. It was all really disappointing. 

Everyone has different tastes and so criticizing food  is oftentimes arbitrary. My friend I came with had been there before and recommended the place but pointed out that it was nothing like before. We asked the manager if perhaps it was because the chef or management changed? 

Her reaction and answer was beyond all reason.
She seemed aggressed and said that my opinion was USELESS because they have many clients that dine there multiple times a week (does this mean they don't need new clientele?) Her approach was extremely arrogant. I have never felt more insulted in a restaurant. She made me feel as if I was some
silly child and didn't know what I was talking about or that it was my first time eating out. She did nothing to try to mediate the situation or provide the most adequate customer service... not even a half ass apology!!!! Or a slight interest as to maybe why I didn't enjoy the food. It was a hurtful experience. $150 and still tipped the server because it isn't her fault the management sucks. 

This place deserves 0 stars. If you want to visit, be my guest but proceed with caution as you have been forewarned.