If I was able to give this place a -0 stars, I would. This dining establishment is HIGHLY misleading from their website. Based on the first line from their own website under "Our Story", they wrote "We wanted to create a place that would bring world class dining with a welcome atmosphere to the Las Vegas"...THEY FAILED! This was our first time going to this establishment and we were expecting far more than what we got based on their website description! From the fact they didn't have the first 3 items in a row that were offered to us and we inquired about (sparkling water, Jameson Whiskey and salmon) to the lack of empathy and customer service from the Manager, Carlotta (I think that was her name). She never came to our table on her own after our nice waiter told her of our not too pleased dining experience that we were having. Not knowing who was the Manager, WE saw a woman dressed differently than the waiters walking by us and inquired if she was the Manager. When she stated she was, I asked her if she was made aware by our kind waiter of the issues we were having at our table. She replied she had been advised and offered free drinks. When I advised her she doesn't have the drinks we want, she just said "Sorry" and walked off. At this point, we already had eaten the overly salty Calamari (because we were starving) and not once did she offer to comp at least our appetizer as an optional gesture. 

As briefly mentioned, the only great experience we encountered was from the very kind waiter, Minh. He was immediately apologetic and almost personally embarrassed by the fact that he had to on 3 separate occasions, come and let us know they did not have what he thought they did have. They're very fortunate to have him and hopes the Manager can take some lessons from him on how to provide EXCELLENT customer service.

We decided we would only have a couple appetizers here and then go have actual dinner somewhere else. That turned out to be a very bad decision as well. We ordered the Calamari and Artichoke & Spinach Dip. The Calamari was very salty and the Artichoke & Spinach Dip was atrociously repulsive and the tortilla chips it was served with were stale! Needless to say, we did not finish the dip and quickly asked for the check. Our waiter, and NOT the Manager, strongly requested because of this horrible dining experience, that our Groupon not be redeemed. He fought for us based on lack of customer satisfaction which we appreciated! 

The food was so bad that I literally got sick shortly into dinner at the next location and I'm still dealing with an upset stomach from the two appetizers. This place is a disgrace to the word RESTAURANT and should close PERMANENTLY!