It's not worth the wait.

We went last night for their soft opening.  I believe that's what they called it.

We lined up for about 45 minutes, which is not really a big deal for us.  What do you expect for a small place that's been awaited to open?  When we sat down, our food came at a decent time, but there was a couple who were seated on the patio and she told us they have been waiting for their food for 1.5 hrs!  And I mean she actually came to us, the people lining up, to tell us that fact. I believe there was another couple who waited just about the same.  

After all that waiting, we finally got seated and I will say their atmosphere and decor is nice.  The patio is really pretty and apparently, to get that seating usually means a longer wait time.  Our server, Lauren, was amazing!  She was super friendly, great with suggestions.  I'd say she was the best part of our experience there.  We knew what we wanted by the time we sat, because we were afraid of longer wait time.  We ordered mac and cheese balls for appetizer, then bison and ostrich burger.

The mac and cheese balls were ok.  The dipping sauce was the best.  Like, if I'm only judging this, I'd give it a 5 star.  As we dug into our balls, I'm halfway through and I bit into an ice patch.  Ya, not a cold patch, ice.  ICE!  It's like a slushie mac and cheese inside.  It wasn't just me, my friend had the same experience.  We gave it back and we were given a new batch.  This time, they really deep fried it and even cracked each one open. That was better, but nothing extra ordinary.

Our burger came shortly and again, I was a bit disappointed.  The fries were soggy and the creamy coleslaw, I didn't enjoy it.  I usually like coleslaw, but this one, meh.  It wasn't even a lot.  It's on a little dipping sauce bowl and I still struggled to finish it.

My bison, I was not impressed.  It didn't taste seasoned.  It was this small meat that only filled half of my burger.  I mean, come on!  (check my posted picture and you'll see what I mean). They had mushrooms, but it was poured on one side, as if it was to compensate and a filler for the burger as a whole since the meat was only the size of half the bun.  Oh, I saw someone order the meat platter.  For $54, it didn't look impressive at all.  

Overall, I think we over-hyped this place in our minds. I didn't want to say much about it, because it was my friend who was looking forward to it, even kept calling them to see if they're open already, but we both agreed that this was a flop adventure. I mean, I could live with the long wait, if the food was actually great. Waiting for food doesn't kill me, it's when the taste is bland... Or small... Or frozen for that matter... Then... No go.