It takes a lot to irk me. And this place did it. 

The food, was good. Nothing special, but it was good. That's where the positive ends. 

First off, we were a party of 10. So naturally, a 15% gratuity is added to the bill. Pretty standard. What was NOT standard, was the manner in which it was implemented. 

First, the receipt didn't even have the tip added to it. So when I wanted to pay by Credit Card, I was just going to add my standard 20% and be done with it. Well, that didn't happen. Instead of doing it like every other restaurant I've been to, (Simply adding the 15% to the total when you hand them the machine. If they ask, you simply tell them 15% has been added as per the menu) they did it their way.

I was handed the machine with my chip in and ready for my PIN. I thought it was a little odd, but continued. Bam! Transaction complete. No tip option, no displaying dollar value. Nothing. Just "here's your receipt". (NO! It doesn't work like that)

I looked at it, and she sure enough had added the 15%. Hey, no skin off my back if you want to be sneaky and not get my extra 5% tip. Not my problem. 

But it didn't end there. She didn't even serve us. She walked to the end of the table and had US pass everything down. The water, the food, the bills. Just about everything, she ONLY brought to the table. (Ok, some of the food, her other staff helped, but she didn't really move down the table accept to TAKE the order, and to pick up the bills. 

My co-worker only had water to drink, but there was a pop on the bill. When we told her that it was in error, she retorted back "Well someone must have had it". 

We had to explain that all the people who had pops, (4 of us) all had them on our bills. So she gave in. But we were in a hurry and were trying to get out, so we suggested, could we just pay it as if the coke wasn't on it, as we are in a hurry. (It took over 40 minutes for our food to get to our table) She said "sure" and walked away.  huh?????


So, we waited. She finally came back and we could pay the last bill and get out. We will not be going back. Not worth it. 

On a side note, I'm lactose intolerant. (I know, hard to go out for food) But usually there are SOME alternatives. EVERY pizza has mozzarella. No goat cheese pizzas, no Asiago, no buffalo mozzarella, just plain mozzarella pizzas. For a restaurant, I would think just a COUPLE options would be necessary. Oh well.