First of all.. let me just say.. that i've eaten in more than my share of "bougie, upscale" establishments... and this was my first time in Toronto.. and I was less than impressed w/ the service here.

It started with confusion...we were greeted by a host who told us that our wait would be 10-15 minutes. Then a man came up.. smugly looked around and told us we would have no longer than 5 minutes. Not sure if this was an effort to make us stay... even though we were on vacation.. and clearly had no where else we really wanted to go. Anyway.. my friend and I ordered drinks... they told us our table was ready.. and we were assured the drinks would be brought over to our table...our drinks arrived at our table... about 15 minutes later along with our bill for the drinks.. now i dont know what type of restaurant this is.. but I think the drinks could have been added to our tab.. none the less my friend paid for the drinks. 

It took about 10-15 minutes for us to even be greeted by our waitress...Who came over and told us that the there were no specials.. because the kitchen "just didn't feel like having any.. me and my friend were stunned w/ the rudeness.. I mean its ok if you just omit specials.. that's fine.. but don't tell us that the kitchen just doesn't feel like making them.. how ridiculous! Then she went on to tell us that the food would take at least 45 minutes to come out... this is fine.. I understand i've worked in restaurants when I was in college.. and sometimes the kitchen gets back upped.. I realized this and would not tip any less because the food took along time.. it was the service that was awful.

we placed our orders... and asked for some water to go with our cocktails and told the waitress we would order some wine later most likely... we were a party of two... and indicating to her that we were really going to be no hassle... we were ok w/ the wait for food.

She then ignored us... never brought us over our water... and what was worse didn't even really look busy while we were waiting.. she finally came over after we asked her again for waters... and gave us.. a tiny snifter of water each... it was ridiculous.. by doing this she was really just creating more work for herself... she could have at least half filled the glasses.. but sounding like a pessimist they were half empty. We ordered our wine when she brought over the glasses of water...

and waited.. and waited.. and waited... finally when we saw her walk by again... we got her attention and asked if she remember the wine we had ordered... she said "what do u think I would forget.." (clearly she did) it took her about 10-15 minutes to bring us over our wine... finally she delivered it.. at this point my friend just asked her to leave a bottle of water on the table... since she was clearly not going to do anything.

our food came out we hadn't even taken a bite and she offered some fresh ground pepper and asked how it was. We said it looked fine.  

the food was surprisingly ok.. for the rancid service we had had so far...during our meal.. she walked over to her table next to us... proceeded to count the money from the bill.. and click her tongue and roll her eyes... my friend and I were so disgusted.. her actions were not professional in any respect... we decided then.. that she was not getting a very good tip from us either... 

we had to ask someone else to get our waitress with our bill.. because we hadn't seen her again in some time... she came over w/ the check.. and ran our cards at the table... she sat down next to us.. and said I think I deserve a rest after that... 

ok honestly.. if the waitress took on other tables and could handle it fine... but when she was outside.. it didn't even look like she was running around doing anything.. this was just the worst service I had ever seen.. as a former waiter.. I still have had terrible service and still left a 20% tip.. but this waitress.. did not deserve it at all.. we left her a 10% tip... it had to be the worrrrrrrsssst restaurant experience I've ever had.. or at least I hope I'll ever have.