I am so disappointed in our experience here. I recently heard of this place and with the great reviews and unique menu, we decided to try this out for our group New Years dinner. Honestly, one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. I will say the location is great, decor is beautiful!

But the dining experience itself was absolutely terrible. We had a group of 7 people. We ordered several appetizers, we received one appetizer for the entire table and waited at least 15 mins for the remaining appetizers to arrive (although several of them were easy things like chips and guacamole or chips and salsa). Then we received our entrees. Two of my friends had ordered steak and both were completely cold when they arrived. They notified the server who said she would bring new steaks for them. Another person ordered corn which did not seem fully cooked when received. My boyfriend and I ordered a side dish of rice which the menu said had "fried rice, beans, and topped with fresh avocados". Halfway through eating the rice I realized there were small pieces of pork in there.... I'm a vegetarian and my boyfriend is a kosher jewish and so obviously doesn't eat pork. The pork absolutely was not called out on the menu. Also there was edamame in the rice which was not called out. And instead of fresh avocados, there was a scoop of guacamole. I notified the server and she said "really? That's not on the menu?" I checked again to be sure, not called out at all. She asked if I wanted it remade, and I said absolutely since neither of us eat pork. That should not even be a question. The two steaks then arrived but it was clear they had just been cooked a little longer and replated, it was so awful one of the guys just asked to send his plate back. By that point every one else had pretty much finished their meals: my new rice dish came when we were done eating. Absolutely nothing was done to remedy the dishes that were wrong, except they comped the one steak that had been sent back. I am shocked at this service and extremely disappointed