My girlfriend and I came in around noon on Monday for lunch. I purchased one lunch pass and used a comp through myvegas card for the second pass. The cashier rang it up as two transactions. The first through the myvegas pass and the second on my credit card.

Once seated, our server took our drink order and looked at my receipts. She then claimed that I had only paid for one person and needed to buy another pass. I pointed out that I used a comp for one person and paid using my credit card for the second, hence the reason why I received two receipts.  She then instructed us to stay seated until she got someone else to look at it.

A few minutes later, our server brought who I assume was a supervisor that said the same thing. I repeated the same story and pointed out our cashier and told them to ask her. The supervisor then asked if she could see our comp ticket to prove my story. At this point, I was getting visibly frustrated since it could've been easily solved if they walked 30ft to ask the cashier. I told them my comp ticket was taken by the cashier but I had two receipts each showing a pass for each person.

Eventually, they brought over the manager to the table. He asked what the problem was and the server told him that I only bought one pass. Before, I could get a word in, he told the server that he saw me use a comp and buy another pass for my girlfriend.  He then showed the waiter how on one receipt it showed comp and other where I paid.   Without apologizing, the waiter finally said we could get our food while she got us waters.  Later on, the supervisor came back and asked if we had bought another pass. Luckily, the manager was within earshot and told her everything was fine with our table.

At that point, we had completely lost our appetites.  A small error made by the server could've been really resolved if she read our receipts properly or checked with the cashier. Instead, neither the waiter or supervisor did this and we were accused twice of only paying for one person.  Our dining service was fine after that. She attempted to overcompensate by asking us if our table was too wobbly or if she could bring us additional silverware.  Not much would've to made up the experience to us at that point.

We didn't seem to be the only table to be having issues as another table a few rows over was accused of the same thing by a different waiter.  The same supervisor came over and told them that they had to vacate their seats. This table had already gotten their food and are forced to get up holding their plates and try to resolve the situation.  The entire group was visibly upset as a couple of them went back to their cashier to get her to resolve the problem. The same manager resolved the situation quickly but at this point their table was given to another party.  So a group of four people stood at the front of the buffet, each carrying a full plate of food, waited until another table opened up.

How was the food? I don't know. You could've feed me gruel and I wouldn't have been able to tell a difference.  We left in less than half an hour and didn't even finish three plates between the two of us. I guess being accused multiple times of trying to cheat the buffet killed the mood and our appetites.