My husband and I went to Libretto's for a Yelp event last summer.  It was pretty good, so we wanted to go back for a full meal.  I kept this on my list for some time, but we rarely venture out that way.  When a Deal Saver coupon popped up ($20 for a $40 value), we decided it was time to go.  We went at 6:30 on a Sunday night.  There were a few people sitting in the bar area (including staff) and only one table of diners in the front dining room.  They brought us to the back dining room where there wasn't another person in there.  Then...we waiting 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us.  I finally caught the eye of a waitress...she rolled her eyes and came over.  She took our drinks orders with a scowl on her face.  Lovely.  I ordered water 'without' lemon and my husband ordered a beer.  Another 10 minutes later our drinks arrived....mine was a water WITH lemon...and not just any lemon....a brown, nasty lemon!!  We should have ran for the hills right then and there, but we decided to ride it out. 

30 minutes into our experience, we were finally placing our food order.  We asked the waitress for recommendations and instead of telling us what was good, we got a rundown of what NOT to order.  (Say what?!?)  Again...we should have ran, but we didn't.   So...Chicken Parm with pasta and meatballs for my husband and Chicken Parm with fettuccini alfredo for me.  We also ordered a side of garlic bread.  

Our food arrived 20 minutes later...minus the garlic bread.   At this point, we thought we were being "Punk'd"...we were waiting for Ashton Kutcher to come out at any minute!   Alas...no such luck.   

My husband's chicken parm was scorching hot on top, but the chicken was barely warm and the sauce on the side of pasta was a runny mess.  The meatball was HUGE...and so was the piece of cartilage/bone that my husband bit into.  GROSS!!!   He was done at that point.  

The chicken parm on my plate was much like my husbands, except my piece was paper thin and the illusion of "thickness" was made up by a mound of luke warm sauce and a thick pile of cheese.  Nice try, folks!   The Fettuccine alfredo was the grossest thing that I have ever seen on a plate.  The alfredo sauce was breaking down so it was a gelatinous mess in some spots and watery in others. We both send our meals back, but we didn't want anything else....except the garlic bread!  (My husband was an angry bear at this point and needed to choke something down to stave off the anger...I mean hunger).  

By this time, another waitress (one that actually smiled) delivered the garlic bread. We each had one piece...placed our certificate on the table...and got the heck out of there.  On our way out, the waitress asked if we wanted to take the certificate since the meal was being comp'd, but we told her that wasn't necessary since we wouldn't be back.  

I don't know what happened between the summer and now, but it was like we stepped into the Twilight Zone!  We left disgusted, disappointed, and STARVING! 

Maybe it was just a bad night??  Who knows.  Doesn't really matter because we will never step foot in there again!