SPOILER ALERT - I will be revealing what the Surprise dishes were...

I got there at 8pm for the 8:15pm seating.  I later noticed that people who got there after us, were asked what they wanted from the menu and then were seating before us.  So it seemed to be random on how they brought people into the dark rooms.
Strike 1.

When they came around to us, my date and I both ordered the Surprise for each of the 3 courses because I heard that's part of the fun, guessing what you're eating.

When they called for us they brought us to wait outside one door.  About 10 min later, after seating several others before us they then tell us to go to another door for another room.
Strike 2.

They seemed extremely disorganized as the way they were seating people at each table in the rooms seemed to be some odd system of writing things down on scrap pieces of paper.  Took a quick glance at my cell and it was 8:40pm already.

We were finally seated and probably waited for may be 15 min before being offered bread when others around us were being offered it.
Strike 3!!!  
I stopped counting from here.

We then waited for maybe another 20 min (no cell or watches allowed to be used in the dark rooms) before the server brings us dishes and says "mushroom appetizers?"  We said, no we ordered the surprises.  Another 30 min passes while everyone else is eating it seems.  Server comes and says "can I clear your dishes?"  We're like "what dishes?  we didn't even get our food yet."  

He puts in another order, and he brings 1 plate out just for me saying my date's is coming soon.  Not wanting to pass the dish through darkness, I started to eat and was disappointed to find that it was just a normal salad.  When my date's dish came it was also a salad but seemed to have some sort of warm sauce on it.

I would say the kitchen was likely disorganized as well since they seemed to forget our appetizer and before the entrees, the server came around and asked several tables including ours, what we each ordered.

Entree came fairly quickly (compared to the apps at least) and was much more fun.  Had 3 different meats which we had to guess on a pile of couscous.  The couscous was way over done though.

Dessert was just a simple cheesecake which tasted store bought.

When we went to pay I turned on my cell and it was 10:48pm.

Overall, the food was not that great and apparently the MASSIVE gratuity is included in the price.

Fun experience?  If you like sitting in the dark, waiting lengthy periods for your food, unable to flag the server down properly to tell him you're waiting a long time, then sure, it's fun.

Oh yes, and the entire time there was this weird smell in the room the entire time.  No idea what it was but it wasn't all the appetizing.  

Would I return?  No.