This place is terrible.

Word to the wise: the reason this restaurant always has a LivingSocial deal available (literally always) is because they need to entice new diners to take a chance on eating there, because they know they won't be returning.

The meal started with bread.  Cold, dry, somewhat stale bread, accompanied by a tiny cannellini bean salad.  Bread was terrible, bean salad was okay.  Despite its inferior quality, we saved most of the bread because we had the white wine mussels appetizer coming.

Let's be real.  No one orders the white wine mussels for the mussels.  Are they tasty?  Sure.  But we all know you order the white wine mussels for the white wine sauce they come in, so you can somewhat disguise your gluttony by saturating the complimentary bread with it rather than drink the sauce straight from the vessel.  That's just how it is.  Unfortunately, the mussels came in what must have been 2-3 tablespoons of sauce.  That's it.  It was actually pretty tasty, but there was so little of it that it imparted literally zero flavor into the mussels themselves and we even had leftover bread after wiping the bowl dry of the wine sauce.

Now on to the mussels themselves: don't get these.  When removing them from the shell, I've never encountered mussels that have so consistently had a small piece of shell break off still attached to the meat.  I didn't notice on the first one and got a nice crunchy mouthful of calcium carbonate.  Almost every one after that, I had to pluck pieces of broken shell from the meat before eating.

My wife and I ordered caesar salads before our mains.  What came out had romaine lettuce, dressed in caesar dressing with parmigano of dubious quality sprinkled over it, and also...tomatoes?  And hard boiled egg quarters?  I've never seen that before on a caesar salad.  Wholly unnecessary.  Oh, by the way, when our server offered a salad to accompany our entrees, he didn't mention that they'd both be the full price of $8 each.  For an utterly mediocre salad that wasn't even very large.  Ripoff.

For our main course, I got the bolognese and she got the penne vodka.  When I think of a bolognese, I think of a meaty, rich sauce clinging to each piece of pasta.  What I got was reminiscent of watery ground beef.  It also had a bit of a sweet off-taste that neither of us were fond of.  At least her penne vodka was decent, since it's pretty hard to screw that up.

As far as the food goes...

Bread 1/5
Mussels 1/5
Salad 1/5
Main course 2/5 (simply for the penne vodka)

Service?  Service was decent.  Our server was actually quite pleasant.  The only issue there was that we may as well have had an additional appetizer and entree of cigarette smoke.  He absolutely reeked of it and that does not do wonders for the appetite.

This place is a sham.  Don't be fooled.  There is nothing of value here.