Eat at your own risk.  I was excited to see this cart in the university area.  Passed it many times and always wanted to stop there.  Finally did.  Based on the reviews I was excited to get home and see what the fuss was.  Ordered Gyro, Chicken and Lamb Combo, and the falafel salad.  I opened the chicken and Lamb first and didn't see anything mind blowing but had high hopes on the taste.  Excited to see the rest I opened up the falafel salad.  The salad looks to be made with green leaf lettuce mix but then I noticed black marks all over the salad.  I thought maybe they sauteed the salad and thought maybe some of it was charred however that was was not the case.  Upon closer inspection... I noticed that the leaves were brown/black and rotted/spoiled.  It was an appalling sight.  I had to take it back within minutes of getting it home.  I thought maybe there might be some understanding with the establishment but I was wrong.  I got back and showed the salad to the gentleman who took my order/money.  I told him it was rotted/spoiled salad and he had a shocked look when he saw it.  I also asked him if he would eat it and he didn't have a response except scramble to refund me.  Lucky me, the owner was there and the gentleman giving my refund pointed him to me.  I asked to speak to him and the owner came out and said the salad was fine.  He also then claimed that it was balsamic vinegar dressing.  I love balsamic vinegar salads and salads in general so I  have had my fair share of salads.  Ive also made many salads and have handled all types of lettuce/produce and I know what fresh salads/greens look like.  I also know what spoiled/rotting lettuce/produce looks like.  All the black and brown edges and spots were slimy and horribly wilted.  Not to mention the rotted leaves were slimy and quickly fell apart when gently rubbed between the fingers and I mean I did it gently.  Long story short, the owner claimed that his lettuce leaf was predressed with balsamic vinegar.  He then pulled out what looked to be a bulk bag/maybe 10+lbs of lettuce and there was brown juice all over with many leaves that looked horrible.  I could not believe my eyes and his bold claim that it was prepackaged balsamic vinegar salad.  He also said he could open it and allow me to taste it.  The funny thing is when I asked them if they would eat what they served me no one responded.  Maybe I'm clueless but of all the prepackaged salads I've bought, I've never once seen salads that have been predressed in the bag already.  Normally, any supplied dressing comes in a package packed in separately with the greens.  Why would the owner state this when it's a cardinal sin to have/serve soggy salad??  To think that a company would prepackage salad greens that have already been dressed in dressing that could be sitting for days/weeks and then be ok to be served is beyond my little brain.  That said, I would love to see this owner tell food services/the health department what he told me and let them confirm.  This is the first and last time I will visit this establishment.  To those that do... good luck and hopefully you don't order the "predressed" balsamic greens that are rotted/spoiled.  I can not believe this was the exchange/excuse provided from the owner.  I could see a worker but the Owner???  This lack of care/concern is quite disappointing and is clearly reflected in the food that they are willing to put out.  Sadly disappointed as i really wanted to support this establishment because I love this type of food!