As a longtime customer, I've finally had it with this place. 

When we started going there, the food was wonderful, the service quick and thoughtful, the overall experience was great.  However, they seem to be more focused on making a quick buck than taking care of regular customers and looking at the long term.  Which is why we won't be back.

The last three times, we've noticed several issues that I can no longer accept. Regardless of pricepoint, certain things are just not acceptable.

1) Food quality

Everyone loves the Treasure Island, hands down. But in the last four orders, every single one I've had has become increasingly messy, slapdashed and FROZEN. I can't begin to tell you how unappetizing it is to have a meal that's frozen in the middle. It's sloppy, and I'm not entirely sure it's foodsafe to defrost something right before you serve it. In order to do that, they can't be doing it in accordance to Health standards.  Plus, the rice was overcooked and the sushi fell apart on contact with our chopsticks.


2) Portion

The portions these days are much smaller and inconsistent than they used to be. Yeah, I understand they are trying to increase profit, but if I order four pieces of sashimi, I expect them to be all the same, not four different sizes. And this is across the board - apps, maki, sashimi. Colour me unimpressed. 

3) Ridiculously poor front of house management

This was really what set me off. We went earlier this week, we made sure to notify the manager of my allergies. I told her exactly what products I can't have, but she made no effort to let me know which plates had allergens in it. I couldn't eat half of the plates we ordered, which was frustrating. if I'd had a more serious allergy, I could have landed in hospital. 

The second issue we had was woefully inconsistent service. We'd be ignored for 10 minutes, and then three servers would come by within 3 minutes to take our orders, when they had clearly been taken. It didn't seem to register when we told them that, either. There was no communication between the manager and the servers or bussers, let alone them and the kitchen.

But the biggest peeve I have was the fact they would purposefully forget our orders. We ordered 4 pieces of Inari and some sashimi, which never came. We asked the manager and two servers several times, but at no point did anyone go to the kitchen and ask about our order - they just went back to cleaning.  And it's not like the kitchen was busy - we could clearly see three of them standing around and talking. Again, this has happened before.


So in short, don't bother. I certainly won't ever again.