So disappointed in this hotel. Not worth the price...
For my sisters 60th birthday we decided to upscale it a bit. I was embarrassed and so disappointed in our whole Venetian Experience. The only decent part was maybe walking through the Gondola area, but any one could do that without spending $300 plus dollars per night. I will add some photos we took of the pool, spa area...Horrendous....I have never seen such a mess at a pool area....
the next morning we came down again and found some of the same items still laying at the pool...we decided not to stay at the pool since it was hard to tell if the towels in the clean bin weren't mixed with dirty towels. Each day we went down and it was already 9:30am...so plenty of time for staff to have the area cleaned the area.
We arrived Sat. and checked in our room. Our friend had an adjoining room. It was hard sleeping that night because the AC wasn't working properly, and was making a loud rattling noise. The bathroom door hinge was missing so we could not close the door. So much for privacy. Also some of the lamps did not work...needless to say we asked to be switched to a different room. They told us they would upgrade us from the 4th floor to the 21st with a view. 
We are in Vegas so we decided to visit some of the sites. At 2pm our friend had a text that her room was ready and she needed to ck in by 2pm. so we all rushed back to the hotel to change rooms only to realize our adjoining room was not ready. We had packed all of our things and brought it up to her room anticipating that our room would be ready soon. We sat around waiting and by 5 we had to leave for the MJ show...there were 6 girls all trying to get ready in one room...needless to say, no one got to shower and really get ready for a night out. We missed our dinner resi also....at the time we were leaving 5pm, the maid was finally getting to the room for clean up...5pm!!!! Meanwhile we had called management several times in regards to getting our room and they said they were sending someone up....when we were walking out I asked the maid if she had gotten any message to rush the room and she said no. We got back to our hotel at 12pm. We had to move all of our things from one room to the other. We were upset that we really did not have a room most of Sat! They offered to give us $100 towards amenities!!! Meanwhile, it took 2 trips before keys worked...anyway I can go on and on...but think twice about booking here...we paid quite a bit for a room here, and our friend got the same room on Hotwire for 1/2 the price, but regardless...not worth it..Management did not react or try to help out...they were full of excuses...
One manager told me we should of been around when our room was ready!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wrong thing to say to a customer!