8 of us ate here today in an ethnic lunch MeetUp.  We all concurred food here was not good or authentic.  I have had so much better at other Korean restaurants.  Did not see any REAL Koreans in here, only us Whitey Gringo types.

I could tell the service was not good as soon as I walked in.  My friend who saw me come in, immediately echoed the same, said the "service was so bad".  For example, waiter was sitting by our table at the cash register, but it did not occur to him that the two people who walked in later and sat down, also needed water that was already brought to the people who arrived earlier.  I was so thirsty, 102 degrees today, and I had to get him off his barstool to get me glass of water.  But he did not "notice" that the lady across from me, also did not have water, and she had to ask for her glass too.  Duhhhh, wake up!  Good service "anticipates" and is "observant". 
 
But service today is typical of being served by Asian males.  I think the Asian male is used to BEING SERVED by women, and not IN a SERVICE-to-OTHERS position.  So it doesn't occur to his mind to "observe and anticipate" and be "cognizant", be service-minded" because he is usually the one SERVED.  I had to ask for take out box.  He was standing at my plate when I asked him, but he brought a tiny square box, and when he was going to put my leftovers in it, he saw it was too small.  But he should have made that assessment when he was standing by my plate, BEFORE wasting a trip to get the smallest box.  That is what I mean, by "not thinking and observing and noticing and having foresight".   Have to ask for every little thing.

Food was not tasty or generous, and I tried other people's food too.  Potstickers were not crispy, and made from wonton skins you get from LeeLee's.  I was disappointed this was the first Korean restaurant I've been to in my life, that did not give us the little dishes of kim chee I got with other Korean lunch specials.  I thought the food in the tray was skimpy and price expensive, compared to the Korean restaurants I eat at in San Diego, on Convoy St. , where I got twice the amount of food, 16 different dishes for lunch special, for only $7.99, big pile of spicy marinated pork, twice the portion of that pictured here, that lasts 2-3 meals.  Also included noodles, salad, soup, tempura.  Plus my Convoy Street lunch included 8 little kimchi dishes, you can ask for all you want.  Red Kimchi did not provide any.

 Maybe I cannot compare a Korean restaurant in a deserted strip mall (Papago Plaza) in "Cowboy Country" with Asian populated San Diego's Asian Restaurant Row - Convoy Street.  And example of "expensive", lady across me was charged $3.50 for her cup of hot water and teabag.  

We all agreed with the observations and opinions about service and food, that I describe here.  Also restaurant was empty by 1:30 for lunch.  Not coming back!