(my first post was removed and they asked me to resubmit so here it is)

On Friday, September 22, 2017, my boyfriend and I decided to stop by and grab a quick bite to eat.  We stopped by in here and prior to walking in, we overheard a conversation between two males and one female and it surrounded a joke about Hispanics and a white male. We did not hear the entirety of it but the tail end of it and then the group began laughing.  We walked in, and the bartender was at the corner of the bar, laughing and joking with them and then it turned to a racist joke about blacks. We immediately addressed this with the female bartender who we believe overheard it. The male bartender then approached us as we called him over and instead of apologizing for the derogatory comments, instead said, "oh they are not telling that joke, they are telling another one now", chuckled and walked away. 
The female bartender was left looking perplexed however, we knew that she had heard what had transpired. Sitting next to me was a Hispanic male who overheard the conversation and directly across the bar, were four Hispanic males.  The Hispanic male stated that although he heard the racist comments, he said that he just "didn't want to get involved". At that time, we decided to leave, as we were disgusted at the fact that not only did they NOT condone the racist and bigoted jokes, but the male bartender answered with what could he do? He can't stop them from telling the jokes. Wrong answer. The correct answer would have been to tell the men that this was not the appropriate forum or setting and those type of derogatory comments were not acceptable in a public establishment as there are many patrons in here and could be very easily offended. 
I understand First Amendment, we all have it, however, that does not negate the fact that these types of comments and jokes being made, insulting and derogatory; not to mention the fact the bartender was engaged and laughing along with them instead of doing the right thing; is wrong. If this is the type of behavior condoned, we will make certain to let our family and friends know, from here to California, as we will also not ever be going there again. 
We returned back to get their names and at first, they were reluctant to give their names. The bartender then became confrontational with my boyfriend (who is African American), and made a reference calling him "boy" and that ignited the situation with my boyfriend infuriated. The bartender realizing what he said, quickly changed it to "sir" and then eventually gave him his name. 
We have taken progressive action and sent a formal letter to their CEO informing them of the type of behaviors taking place at their establishments. In a time where tension, division, racism and bigotry are transparent, never is it appropriate to ever think that anyone should have to be subjected to overhearing anything as offensive as that. There is ZERO tolerance for racism; regardless of where you are. ZERO. 

Sad that the food is excellent... but doesn't fare well with a side of racism.