As Promised to the owner that I would give her a $35.48 rave review! My 17-year-old son went there before Prom. I begged him to find another place because 1. This place always looks closed because there is NEVER anyone in their parking lot, It looks dirty and run down from the street. 2. I thought it would be best to go to a restaurant closer to the Prom venue in Charlotte there are tons of better Italian places than this DUMP! and 3. the reviews showed it is not very good! My son arrived on time for his reservation at 5:30 he was served and done with his food by 6:30 the prom was starting at 7:30. If his check was given to him on time he would have been able to make the 30-minute drive to the venue and still have time to spare. But no! The incompetent staff who only had three tables at the time could not seem to stop gabbing and give my son his check so he could pay his bill. At 7:15 my son called me and said he had still not left the restaurant. My son is a very respectable boy and does not make any waves so he did not complain about the food which he said was not good and trust me he knows good Italian food that is what he grew up on. He did not complain about the service. What he did do was call me because he was uncomfortable and he just sat and waited. I ended up going to the restaurant and arrived at 7:30 so he could leave for his prom and I would wait for the check. I asked for a Manager but conveniently there was none available. I told them that the wait was ridiculous that there was no one in this place and it took over an hour to get the check. I ended up disputing the charge because of the horrible food and service. The owner decided to respond to the dispute saying there were no problems that evening! When the bank sent me her response I decided to call her and I explained what her staff did and she said I will give you a gift card, I said I did not want a gift card because I would not go to her establishment EVER!. I said I wanted a refund and she then gave me a story that the reason she filled out the dispute that way was that if she agreed she would get a fine. (Never heard of a bank fining anyone but whatever). She then said she would call me back but to give her 2 days. A week goes by and no response! I called and she said since my son ate the terrible food that she would give him half of his money back, I said no that is not what I requested. I told her that the dispute has now been escalated and her response was to go ahead cause you will never win. Well guess what  I may not get my refund from you but I will give you $35.48 times a million in Rave reviews. You are a very poor business owner. Your food is horrible and your reviews below show what a terrible business you run.