We have been coming to this place for years, and I have to say that over the past year it had somehow managed to get worse every time we came here. Not learning from our mistakes, this time was the WORST experience ever. I never turn down Shanghai food, but you cannot pay me enough to come back to this place. I downloaded the Yelp app just to leave this review. 

First of all, they couldn't even get something as simple as putting the right sauces in the right container. I ended up with a mouth full of vinegar instead of soya sauce. 

When we ordered, their signature items such as their pan fried dumplings were sold out (they could've just walked over to T and T to buy a few bags to cook!). They suggested another cheaper alternative instead that tasted like the frozen stuff you buy at the Chinese supermarket. 

Later, the Tantan noodles that we used to order every time we went, came; and to put it nicely, it was a not hot, and super watery soupy mess. When we brought this up to the server, she had the audacity to blame us and lectured us about how it was always that way (not sure why that was something to brag about) and that maybe we remember it wrong. Then she spent another few minutes explaining to us that it was probably because the peanut sauce was stuck at the bottom. We looked: there was no trace of peanut sauce AT ALL. This was then followed by her bringing a bowl of peanut sauce for us to put into the noodles FOR OURSELVES. (This was such a joke I took a picture of it here) That's like us asking her to provide her own tips. When she was tired of that excuse, she thought maybe we had confused this noodle that was order EVERYTIME we went with this other peanut sauce COLD noodle. Maybe she was trying to convince herself?

The pan fried pork buns were half empty (image also here) and the noodles were three quarters of the portion it used to be. The sticky rice rolls were hard as rocks but somehow still fell apart! 

The fact that it was during dinner rush and the restaurant was half empty should have been a huge red flag.  Having said that, why did they bring dessert before we were done chewing on the rock hard and disgusting food? Before we had time to maul over the terrible meal after dessert, they promptly brought the bill without asking like they were trying to escort us out. 

This meal was a complete joke. I'm sure I will laugh over it one day after I get over this indigestion.