Meh is about the best I can say for this smaller High Street club with a unique indoor/outdoor Bar. When you first walk in I can't help but feeling sorry for the DJ crammed in a corner in a space the size of a tiny broom closet. Regardless, the food, especially their tacos are very good and the cold beer is very good as well.... Why only 1 star? Quite simply stated, the manager and service sucks ass. I have worked in the hospitality industry for many many years, and providing amazing hospitality and customer service is a requirement if you wish to be successful in the hospitality industry. I am only compelled to speak out if someone is deserving of praise and recognition for amazing service, and I will also call someone out if they suck and are damaging the business and its reputation resulting in me having a bad experience. This establishment has a member of management that I later came to find is named Rich or Rick, and I have not been this unimpressed and annoyed with a service provider, let alone a representative of management in a long time. Any bartender working behind the bar who is worth his salt better know and understand some basic customer service requirements and expectations, and the first one is you acknowledge new arrivals immediately even if you can't serve them right away, and you can throw me a head nod or a wink or any kind of nonverbal message especially when I walk in right in front of you and walk past you to the far side of the bar. Unfortunately Rico Sauve was too engrossed in flirting with several young females to be disturbed with any new guests coming through the door. OK OK maybe I'm being a little harsh, and maybe this fellow hasn't seen any action in a while so I'll cut him a break, but just one... I'm surprised the bar didn't collapse or at least have a permanent imprint of his forearm embedded in it from him leaning on the bar talking to these girls nonstop while my thirst level was growing exponentially. I finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel as he headed my way to take my order so I thought, but he walked right past me sitting with no cocktail napkin in front of me and grabbed a liquor bottle and went back to his gaggle of girls. After this I was about to get up and head somewhere else when a  young lady appeared behind the bar and approach me to greet me and take my drink/food order, served me a pint, then left the bar to serve more food... OK so I now have my cold beer in front of me and I continue to watch the Rico Sauve show kind of like not being able to turn away from watching a bad car wreck scene. Over the course of 18 minutes several shots were poured for the girls by Rico as he continued to ignore the needs of other patrons in a timely manner, which is a cardinal sin of a solo bartender. Shockingly, Rico made his way over to me got me another pint FINALLY! He was nice, but not sincere, and his service was robotic. I can dig that some people have an agenda, or are having a bad day, or are ready to move on to a different career or whatever. However, people come to a business for SERVICE, and when you volunteer to accept a job it is your responsibility to provide the expected service! If you can't or won't, you should consider a different line of work... The gaggle of girls and I wrapped up at about the same time.  I paid my tab including a barely deserved tip, and I watched that girl group closely and never did see money change hands for this entire experience. Maybe I missed it... I am a consultant and I get paid to observe and advise on improving business operations and profitability, and sadly I must say this fellow Rico does not deserve to carry the title of manager in any way shape or form, and hopefully someday his superior(s) will see the big picture long-term damage being done by this type of behavior in any customer service business. Did I mention they have really good tacos?