Honestly, I have no idea what all the fuss is about. I had heard and read such good things about this place, so I finally convinced some friends from work to go here with me for lunch.
It was five of us, we all ordered different things and not one of us was satisfied with our meals.
I ordered the braised beef sandwich in a kale wrap. My friends had a turkey sandwich, two of them ordered the roast beef sandwich and someone else got a shrimp sandwich (may have been a po' boy).
Firstly, the serving sizes were hilariously small. The sandwiches were tiny, and I'm not even exaggerating. The po' boy was the only sandwich that was decent sized. Mine was the size of a summer roll, no kidding. But it may have been partly my fault for ordering it in a kale wrap instead of bread. And then the kale-white bean crap they give you on the side, it literally came in a tiny bowl, the size they serve ketchup in at fast food restaurants. When the first order came out and we saw it, we laughed out thinking it was some kind of silly joke and part of his food was still on its way... it wasn't. Then why serve a little sandwich with its sad little kale companion on a huge ass tray? But anyway. My sandwich came out in a bread. I had to send it back because I was on a no-carb diet. Mistakes were made, because it took them forever to make another sandwich or rewrap my braised beef in kale, apparently.
But I felt the worst for the guy who had the shrimp po' boy. His sandwich came out after three of us had finished their meals. This is ridiculous! Especially at the prices they charge. An average of $9 for kids meal sized sandwiches, and the tiny sampler bowl of the kale-bean salad. Not one of us left the place feeling full or satisfied.
Seating is really tight too. The patio has some picnic tables, but since it's not covered, they were all wet from last night's rain.
Needless to say, we won't be stepping foot in this restaurant again, or even recommending it to anyone.
And get rid of the stupid hipster aluminum trays that you serve the pathetic sandwiches on guys, this isn't prison.