For starters, the shuttle service took over an hour to come pick us up from the airport. It appeared that they only had one small van/bus to use, but tons of extremely overpriced limos (but be prepared to pay $12+per person for a one way trip on the van.) The driver was very rude,impatient, and yelled at passengers. The majority of the hotel staff was extremely rude and unfriendly. Check-in/out was a long ordeal. The room was subpar. The mini-fridge didn't work, and if we wanted to empty it out to use for other stuff (we were there a week), it was going to cost $25, plus $50 for every day it was empty.Be super careful not to even touch something in it as it's electronically monitored and will charge you whether you drank/ate it or not. We spoke to a manager to have it fixed on the first day, they came to fix it an hour before our check out. The maid service was ridiculous (though we were informed they are contracted out). They barely cleaned the rooms, never replaced towels, threw the shampoos/soaps onto the counter and everyday came an hour earlier and would knock even with a do not disturb sign hanging.The first night we requested extra blankets, 2 hrs. later we still had no blankets, called down a second time and after 45 minutes, they brought up a thin, disgusting blanket.A few of the lights were burnt out, and once they were fixed, the room was still very dark. The couch (with hideaway bed) was outdated, ugly, falling apart and extremely uncomfortable. The entire casino and lobby smelled overpowering and horrid. The food (even for Vegas) is really overpriced and mediocre. The spa was just as bad, one lady even scolded us like children and literally yelled at us b/c we were self touring the locker rooms--even though we explained that the spa front desk attendant had told us to do so.  The hotel itself is a pain in the ass to navigate, to get to the guest elevators, you have to either navigate through the casino or through the shopping plaza. On a weekend night, forget it, with Club Tao there, the place is a madhouse and the entrance line takes up the entire foyer. We ate at I love Burgers, the staff was fantastic, but we all got really sick within hours of eating there. The "resort fee" doesn't include the fitness center.  For all of its reputation, The Venetian was extraordinarily disappointing. In fact, when it came time to gamble/shop, we went to other hotels. We were not about to give them any more of our money. While there, I ran into at least three other guests who had the same and worse problems as I did. Next trip to Vegas, we'll be staying elsewhere...perhaps the Bellagio, or MGM.