It is so unfortunate that others have ruined it for your regulars & yelp enthusiasts...
Went to dine here "tonight" on our 20th Wedding Anniversary. We have been in numerous times before writing rave reviews & were so looking forward to using our FREE appetizer / dessert coupon we had received from your location one week ago via email. This promotion was valid from today ( our actual Anniversary) & expired on the 22nd of this month!
After we placed our order for our appetizer: which was the Calamari, we were told ( when presenting our discount) we couldn't use the emailed version they sent us because it wasn't "printed out" as per the fine print. Our server then said: We've had so many other's abuse the system that they wouldn't be able to honor this emailed promotion- unless it's a "printed copy" ALONG with the email...Be prepared you must have BOTH!!
I'm so sorry that I didn't pay more attention to their details or had the time & resources to pay additional $ to have it printed out. "Who does this anymore?,This is so old school.Super confusing, unless you know otherwise! So be prepared people!!
BTW- Keep in mind that there is NO scan bar to this, which would have made it that much easier & updated to today's technology! Seems to be- that this is more an issue with them accepting it ? Like "excuse(s)".. No option to speak with a manager?. "Who knows" if there was even one on staff? We then just told our server to please bring us our check. We paid for our drinks (2) which was over $14. Completely upset as I expressed this to their hostess on our way out the door.  
It wasn't even that busy on a Wednesday night at 7:15 PM and they are worried about a coupon for a FREE appetizer & or dessert? Valued at $9 tops!! We would have spent additional time /& money on meals to cover their cost of this promotional offer they sent to me..
After writing 2 previous positive reviews- Experiencing this & not honoring a membership special they can't keep track of & that I took the time to sign up for : very disappointing!! 
Won't be back anytime soon!