I fell in love with the pizza at Angelia's and have bragged about this place to everyone that I know but the customer service need a LOT of help. 

I've ordered pizza for the associates at my work as well as myself and family. A few weeks ago I ordered through their online system (for home) and a hour later my job called me and thanked me for the pizza (that was supposed to be delivered to my house). Not only was it awkward to let my co-workers know that it wasn't for them, I had to drive to get it and by the time I got home it was cold. This could have easily been prevented if the people that worked there payed attention to detail. Even my online confirmation email had my house address on it ;/

I called Angelina's to voice what had happened and the lady on the phone was rude and insisted that I said takeout or delivery. I told her I had a concern regarding my order and again she said "take out or delivery" in a rude manner. I told her it was "delivery" and when she finally gave me the chance to speak I told her that I had already place a order and she asked for my name. I gave her my name and she told me that it has already been delivered. It was a joke trying to have a real conversation since she was so eager to rush me off the phone. I told her that indeed it was delivered but unfortunately it was to the WRONG ADDRESS. Again, rude and she looked into and said it was her mistake. I wasn't offered anything (which I wasn't planning to get a deal- I wanted to clearly let them know what happened ) but just the fact that these people are down right rude and didn't seem to care really bothered me. If I wanted pick up... I would have proudly hopped in my car and drove down there. 

I will not order from Angelina's again. If I was the owner of this location I would clean house and get people with customer service skills that care about their customers. The pizza is delicious but with people working there that are always rude, it's doesn't even matter how great the product is if you're going to treated like dirt. I hope they re-evaluate their staff and learn from some of these reviews.