Customer service goes a long way.  I must say it has been a really long time since I have had an experience  this bad.

The venue on its own has much going for it .  It's tacky art and kitschy chair and table ensemble does this give this place a charm and comfort.  There is a neighbourhood feel. Ya know, like Cheers, wherever one knows your name.

So naturally, our regular that came with us told us that it's a busy night, Sunday jazz afternoons .  I would like to think the staff would be aware of that. This part was quite an enjoyable experience especially seeing how many people came in to sit and listen.

Our server, a blonde haired woman with a red top and black spandex pants, on the other hand, made us feel awful. We were a kind group so we could not understand why she was being so rude to all of us. Kindness  should not be returned with attitude. Each of us thought were we crazy? Is it just me? However, no, we each went through some really genuine curtness. Also, our favourite, the artificial grin that looked completely like a an unnatural strain.  It was alarming really.

One of us, wanted to ask her a question but she just ignored her and walked away mid question. I watched her walk away go to her billing station and raise her hand and the bill in frustration and  walk back to my friend.  What my friend was trying to ask was how much the bill was because she couldn't read it.  

She took my money and never gave me back the change. Though  none of us were surprised.

In addition, it took quite awhile to get the menu. Then when we had asked for a couple of menus later it never came until we had to remind her. 

She was stressed out and unfriendly. All seven of us could see it.  The thing is, this is the service industry. Some of us have worked in the service industry so we understand a busy .  However, when you have bad days, you can't let it show. You just can't because it will affect business. You are their front of house, the face of the business. The trickle down effect of bad service is enormous.

I never want to be afraid of my server. 

Now, all this aside. Perhaps she required more assistance. Could the owners have assisted more.?

I am not saying do not go here.  I am just warning, do not be surprised by the service.