Wow. I will start by saying, I have been coming to this establishment for two years now, ever since I have lived in Charlotte. It has never been the most astounding choice for brunch, but more of a convenient meeting place for all of the family members coming from different parts of town, needing different interstates to head to homes out of town, etc.  but never has an experience been as horrid as yesterday's Sunday brunch. I will start with the hostess. She was rude with an extremely poor attitude. We told her we had 3 adults and two children that need high chairs. 

She coldly told us she needed to check on that. She came back saying, well I have one high chair and one booster seat. My niece and nephew are 14 months old and far too wiggly for booster seats. We state we will wait until availability of second high chair but are told she has no clue when that will be, not offering up any professional apologies, timelines, or resolutions.

After deciding to bite the bullet and sit before the second high chair was available, we politely ask to be seated at a table rather than a booth, for ease of getting the kiddos fed, etc. She looked at us like we had just asked her to jump off a bridge. She then proceeds to seat us.... at a booth. We let this slide feeling we have requested enough at this point. 

The table right next to us also had a child in a high chair, and when combined with our high chair, left little walkway room for waiters and customers. Waiters would stare at us like it was our decision to place children in this location and talked to us like we were such an annoyance to be paying customers at this facility. Clearly they have the mindset of " I just work here" and have no professionalism whatsoever, as well as blatantly lacking maturity or manners. 

After my niece was getting extremely wiggly and we were having a hard time figuring out how we would handle meal time, we reminded the staff we needed a high chair about 15 minutes after being seated.

We were then given yet another standoff attitude that still produced no answers. There was a third table in our area that had a high chair and that family was departing. We asked a waitress if it was possible to have that high chair because we had been waiting for one. She literally huffed and puffed to the point I was concerned this little woman was going to hyperventilate. She then said not even one single word as she slammed the high chair right beside where my nephew was sitting in his, then walked off. 

We now have three children in high chairs back to back, the three of them actually becoming being silly and baby talking back and forth  with each other due to the close proximity. 

My sister and the mother of the other child were very frustrated with such poor care given to families and my boyfriend and I were continuously ready to jump up and swat away a hot plate/beverage/food item that at any point could drop on these kids heads due to the poor excuse of staff members carrying hot food OVER the children's heads as they squeezed through the narrow spot. I wouldn't trust these waiters with a guinea pig much less carrying scalding plates above three toddlers heads. 

We uncomfortably rushed through our poorly prepared meal and I tipped out of the extreme deep down goodness of my heart for this tragic service. Wait staff is horrid, food is abysmal, and the manager seemed like he didn't know what the heck was happening in his "store" either. I will never be back, ever. Ever ever ever. Absolutely not. What a poor excuse of a professional establishment.