The food is great. The problem? The service we just encountered. We go here most Mondays for pool as part of date night. Sometimes we have a drink or two, sometimes not. Admittedly, lately it's mainly just a soda for my husband. But the time before that, I did have a drink or two. 

We got there later than usual, and both pool tables were full. So we waited for one to open up and my husband ordered a soda.  

The bartender tonight wasn't the one we normally have. And after we'd been sitting for about 15 minutes, he asked my husband, who was getting a refill of his root beer, whether we knew that there was a $5 minimum. 

He said that the pool was for their guests. We couldn't just sit there, not buying anything (I guess a soda doesn't count -- I know it's not pricey, but there's a damn high profit margin) and "just take up space." Seriously, that last part is verbatim.

Three things: 

1. We weren't holding people up. If there had been a wait, we obviously wouldn't have lingered. When we got there, though, there were a few people at the bar, but at least 10-12 tables were empty. Probably more. 

2. I had been considering getting a drink or two. And when I drink, I get the munchies. But I generally don't like to start drinking until we're playing a game.

3. We've been going there on Mondays for around 2 years now. This has never come up. Even a time or two that it was slammed during football games, while we played pool and my husband had a soda while I had a water. No one ever said anything even remotely approaching that.

I'm not saying I wouldn't necessarily understand a $5 minimum though, again, this is the first time I've heard of it. But you'd think an employee would be smart/well-trained enough to not use the words "take up space" in reference to the customer he's actually talking to.

Oh by the way, the bartender's remarks were especially funny after his comment when my husband got his root beer. He told the guy to leave it open, though he said that might be the only thing he'd be getting. So the bartender told him he could just pay now and still get refills. Because "We're friendly here."