What a difference a day can make!  Yesterday my wife and her friends stopped at Yoli's for breakfast on the way to the Gem Stone Show in Tucson. When she came home and she said we have to go back, that she really had enjoyed her breakfast.  So this morning I agreed to give it a try.  I'm a big fan of locally owned joints and always try to support those verses chain restaurants.   Yoli's is off on a little side street in downtown Chandler.  It's in a converted little bungalow that features some other little shops in a common courtyard.  When we walked in, 9:30ish, there were some tables available and a waitress walked by and told us to sit wherever we wanted.  Around the same time several other couples came in and seated themselves.  Customers around us seemed to be enjoying their meals and from what I could see they looked good.  We continued to see wait staff running around but nobody was acknowledging us, they could have said' "sorry, we'll be with you in a moment".  Now my wife is getting perturbed, I'm normally the one that says I'm outta here after 10 minutes but today for some reason I was being the voice of reason. Finally after 18 minutes the same waitress comes by and asked if we have looked a menu yet, we didn't have any yet, we have no beverages or silverware - nothing!  She comes back with 1 and says that they don't have any extra menus and could we share this one.  Still hasn't asked us if we would care to have anything to drink.  After she finished serving the table next to us she then asks if we would like anything to drink, finally!  She comes back with our coffee and waters and she takes our order.  When my wife inquires about the potato choice we are told that they are out of the country potatoes today.  Its mid-morning and you are running out of potatoes already?  Ok, so we get our ordered placed and start to enjoy our coffee.  In the mean time I'm noticing 2 couples sitting outside and they have been waiting at least 15 minutes and no one is acknowledging them, you can see them looking around to see if they can flag down help.  When they finally wait on them we notice that they are getting their coffee in paper cups.  Then we hear another waitress tell the four top next to us that they have run out of coffee cups and hope they don't mind the paper ones.  My wife says they never had to wait the day before, which they had great service and the food was out in descent time.  Not so today.  It's now been 40 minutes since we placed our order, the waitress comes out to the table next to use to ask who ordered the Steak & Peppers Skillet, they reply that isn't our order, the waitress turns and looks at us (mind you now, she took our order) and says I wonder who ordered this.  I said that I also ordered the Steak & Pepper Skillet and she says they wrote the wrong table number on the slip.  (It was you honey) She then hands me a menu and ask if I would like to order something else, that they are out of Carne Asada for that meal.  This tells me that the cooks aren't checking what is being ordered until they are preparing that meal or the waitress is not in tune with the kitchen.  Either way that was the final straw for me.  We left and I'm disappointed for them.  You have to take care of your customers in a timely manner.  I could have over looked running out of some of the ingredients but not 40 minutes after you have taken my order.  Someday, if you last, I will try you again.  Good luck Yoli's!