DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU DO NOT SPEAK MANDARIN.

I wrote some prior reviews so please consult them.  I recently visited for the first time in 3 years and it was a really bad experience.  I walked around 2 PM or so and the place was virtually empty.  There was group of teenagers sitting at a table but that was it.  A man and woman greeted me and after I said I wanted take-out they gave me a menu.  The man said something to the woman and she then directed me to the last couple of pages and suggested I get one of a few types of dishes.  

I went to the chicken section and found a spicy chicken dish.  I tried asking if the chicken was boneless or not but they didn't understand me at all.  They eventually had to get one of the teenagers to come over to help them.  I assume maybe he was their son and spoke better English.  Still, though, he didn't seem to understand me.  Eventually we got it figured out and it turned out the chicken did have bone in it, but after a brief conference they said they could make it with boneless chicken.  So I ordered that and asked for it extra spicy.  This took around 5 minutes to ask & order.

After a while it comes out and it's absolutely massive.  I pay and leave.  I'm sitting in my car in the parking lot inspecting it when the woman comes out and I roll my window down.  All she wanted to do was tie the bag closed so it wouldn't spill and I'd be safe, but that's really weird.  She literally reached inside my car to do it, while I was in the middle of inspecting it.  After she went back inside I untied it and resumed inspecting.

So, what was it actually?  It was a styrofoam container filled with rice, and two huge styrofoam cups filled with oil, in which there was chicken.  It was probably 50% oil, 50% chicken.  I tried a piece of chicken and it was almost devoid of taste, it was not at all spicy, but more than that the quality of the chicken was awful.  Imagine those frozen preformed chicken breast patties (with rib meat!) that you can get at the store -- it was like they took one of those and cut it up.  It was TERRIBLE.

As soon as I got home I just tossed it in the garbage.  A waste of $16 :(

Long story short, unless you actually speak Mandarin (I am making an assumption, which may be incorrect, that they use the Mandarin dialect), don't even bother going.  Even if you do speak it, I'm not sure if the quality of the other dishes is any better.