Unbelievable! I am kicking myself right now for not reading the most recent reviews of this place! They all agree with me, appalling taste and upsetting execution.

How is it possible that every single dish we ordered tonight was an awful and tasteless disaster! They must of hired a new chef. That's the only explanation for this. Pan Asian, how do you go from having a near perfect review on yelp and start to slip this drastically? Everything was beyond unacceptable. You have been checked off on my list of the worst thai food I have ever had in my life.

First offense: The chicken pad thai was an unnatural pink? The chicken looked like dried overcooked salmon - it was pink! The noodles were beyond over cooked to the point where they were hard, all stuck together in blocks and then broke up into a million of little pieces when you would try to pick them up. There was no sauce at all, not even soaked into the pad thai noodles. It was so dry! So crazy dry. There was no flavor at all - not even a hint of fish sauce, sweetness, sourness, or anything! 

Second offense: The pad see ew with beef noodles were also stuck together like bricks, dried out and hard. Also, why did the only flavor we taste was oil and extra black pepper? Did they run out of oyster sauce, sweet soy sauce, sugar, fish sauce, all of the traditional ingredients that go into this dish? I could not handle eating oil flavored noodles with extreme black pepper. Into the trash it goes. 

Third offense: The green curry with beef had the consistency of tom yum soup. I don't understand how they can make a curry so watery! I did not taste any of the deep flavors you would typically find in curry, (no lemongrass, no richness, no sweetness) except for spicy. Spicy water would best explain this dish. To add insult to injury, they offered us a minimal amount of chewy beef pieces and loaded up on undercooked and hard vegetables. Cutting costs much?

What upsets me the most, was that the owner David Wong was there and he allowed these dishes to be served to us. That was his stamp of negligence. There is no quality or control here. 

We ate 4 bites and could not get past how incredibly shoddy all of these dishes were prepared. I'm seriously upset that we spent$40 on all of this dried out, bland food. The joke is on us. I would typically give restaurants a second chance. But not this place, never again.