Let me start by saying, Ive been to the Cheesecake Factory plenty of times but as server this was the worst experience of my life, and I'm not even exaggerating. 
The server Leticia started off decent.... she didn't know how to discuss one of the entrees with my cousin and was coming off very rude and stand off ish. On a Monday night we waited approximately 35-40 minutes on our food. Our water was empty for almost 30 mins while we waited for our food that had to be sent back several times. My aunt ordered a pasta dish that had a basil drizzle as a garnish (that was not listed) and sent it back, it took 20 mins to receive that entree (everyone was finished with their meal). There was many server errors within this experience such as bringing sauce when food is complete, not enagaging in our request, slamming spoons on the table for dessert, the list can go on. My biggest issue is ordering a salmon for  $21 and it was cold...which is ok however, when I asked for it to be sent back, when it came back to the table the entree was STILL cold! At this point I wanted to talk to a manger or something, CJ the manager who came over had every excuse in the book as to why my salmon, mashed potatoes, asparagus and cream sauce was borderline freezing (as if taken out of the cooler). He was standing there kind of going back and forth with myself and my cousin (both of which are server) trying to justify my cold dish. I specifically told him to make me a BRAND new piping hot salmon and I want it to go because we are on a time constraint and we have to leave. 2-5 minutes later he shows up with my ORIGINAL salmon in a to go container over a plate and it is STILL cold. I am pissed the h**l off! 
This night was supposed to be an amazing night for my family and I and turned out to be the worst experience I've ever had or one that I've ever seen. To top it off this fool comped my dessert as well as my aunts food but my Salmon that had issue was still on the bill. 
Because I know how this industry works paying $158 for this experience is not sitting well with me and I do not recommend this location whatsoever, this restaurant was very unprofessional and unpleasant as if it was their first day on the job. 
My family and I will not be returning!