WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED:  I'm so disappointed in the way that I was treated by this restaurant and apparently based on the reviews, I'm not the only one. The pizza is okay, definitely not the best I've ever had by a long shot.  Pizza Rock or Blaze Pizza is much better, but I like to support local businesses.  The customer service is AWFUL and I can't remember a time being treated so poorly in a restaurant - so much so that I will NEVER eat their again and   

My family is in town and had been traveling all day and they were starving.  So I called Angelina's to place an order.  It sounded like the person was new so it took a few minutes to get the order placed.  They told me it would be about 45 minutes.  No problem.  After 90 Minutes I called and got put on hold and transferred to several different people to eventually find out that they didn't put our order in.  Okay, I get it - stuff happens.  I asked them to please put it in, rush it and I would appreciate it if they would please comp our order since they messed it up and now everyone is starving.  

This is where it went VERY bad.  They told me no.  That the best they could do was offer 20% off.  Then they tried to suggest I had made a mistake and hadn't called the right location.  So I went down there to show them my phone and get our dinner faster.

When I showed up they were dealing with another irate customer and had me wait another 10 minutes.  Finally, the "manager" - aka the owner's daughter came over to help me.  I showed the owner's daughter my cell phone which clearly indicated I had called and showed that I was on the phone for 4 minutes placing the order well over 90 minutes prior - closer to 2 hours at this point.  And then showed her that I had been transferred around for 26 minutes trying to figure out where our dinner for our starving guests was.  Wait for it - SHE ACCUSED ME OF LYING and as if I was trying to get a free pizza.  (ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!)  I was SHOCKED.  She said that I could't really prove that I was ordering anything on the phone.   I mean really, who does that?!  And who would go to all this effort to try to scam a free pizza?!  Holy moly.  I said "what did you think I was doing, calling to talk to your servers because I'm bored and lonely?"  And then I said "Do I look like someone who is trying to scam a free pizza?"  (I just came from an appointment and was dressed nicely and was carrying a luxury handbag and drove up in a new luxury car. )  

At that point I was completely offended and got VERY upset and requested to talk to the owner herself as I couldn't really believe that the owner knew what was going on and I highly doubted that she would approve of loyal local patrons being treated this way.  She said she wasn't going to get her and that she no longer wanted me as a customer and told me to get out of the restaurant before she called the Police - as if I was some thug from the ghetto.  I told her I was going to write a review and she didn't care because people still came to the restaurant anyway.  Absolutely unbelievable.  

I don't believe in supporting businesses that treat people this way. Especially businesses that are aware their service is awful and admitted that they don't care.    I hope you will join me in boycotting this restaurant and sharing this review with everyone in 7 Hills.  They don't deserve our patronage.