Went with a friend on Saturday night & was very disappointed.  First of all the place is small & very loud.  We each ordered a salad which was pretty good, very  small portion.  Then we each ordered the same entree, the halibut with a myer lemon sauce.  With your entree you get to choose one side dish, we each ordered the mash potatoes.  Once the entrees arrived (very small I might add), it was tasteless.  It was sitting in a small puddle of water with no myer lemon sauce to be had.  I never had such a tasteless piece of fish, not even seasoned.  Well since each piece of fish was $24 we decided to send it back, something we never do.  Well the looks that we received from the waitstaff were like we just kicked them in the face.  They asked if they could bring something else & my friend said no but I said I would try the salmon.  To add insult to injury, when I received the salmon it was burnt on the top & raw in the middle!  At that point I just picked at it because I was hungry & very afraid to send it back.   The chef/owner kept on coming out of the kitchen to stand by the bar to stare at us but never came over to the table to apologize or offer us a dessert, etc.  From this point on the waitstaff never came near us until I finally got her attention & asked for the check.  Well to my suprise they only took off 1 of the halibut & ended up charging us for $8 for the mashed potatoes!  We asked the waitress why we were being charged for the side dish that came with the halibut that was sent back?  She said that that what she was told to do & that she "only works there".   She goes to tell the chef that we were upset & then he finally decides to come over to the table.  Not to apologize but to basically tell us that there was nothing wrong with the fish & that no one else that ordered it that night had a problem with it!  So rude, I was appalled by his attitude.  For a small place in Bloomfield, NJ he has a lot of nerve to treat customer like that.  Way to build a successful business!  We will never return to the Orange Squirrel, there are much better places in Montclair.
