I heard about European Republic from many fellow coworkers who had been praising about their quality of food and affordable prices. They highly insisted I try this place, and days later I finally decided to give it a try. The place looked clean and eloquent, music was playing in the background and the atmosphere seemed cheerful. It was quite busy with a lot of customers when I arrived but the waiting time period for orders was shockingly short. The staff were very fast in preparing customers' orders and exceptionally friendly. While waiting my turn in line, I glanced through their menu and noticed their majority of their serving items were healthy, organic and actually very inexpensive compared to other places located within center city. Soon after, then my attention was caught upon the vast variety of exotic dipping sauces, I was getting impressed by the minute. Upon my turn to order, I asked for a side of lentil soup, grilled chicken with fresh mozzarella wrap and frites with 3 dipping sauces (roasted garlic, basil and caviar). My order was ready shortly after, and to my delight, the food was in fact amazing! The soup was excellent, the wrap tasted incredibly fresh, and the frites and dipping sauces were the best I've ever had. I was so pleased at the quality of taste that I literally bought a couple more wraps (grilled chicken brie cheese honey dijon wrap and grilled salmon caesar wrap) and frites for the road. As I walked out of the place, the young man who was dexterously working behind the register ran outside and was calling for my attention. When I turned around, he gracefully smiled while approaching me and stated I had forgotten my 3 dipping sauces. I was astounded by the young man's noble hospitality. As I thanked him, I quickly realized the only regret I had was that I wished I had taken my coworkers' advice sooner. There are far from few places within the city that possess all of the charismatic qualities as this place does. European Republic is definitely going to be my daily lunch break spot from now on. I highly recommend this place!
