Oh.  My.  Gaaaawwwwwdddd!   Me:  Mom, what kind of food do you want for mother's day? Mom:  Greek food and I want to stay in Queens. Me:  Well mom, I can't think of a single place in Queens that has decent Greek food... and don't even say Taverna Kyclades! Mom:  Why not?  I like that place. Me:  Sorry mom, we are not going there.  What's your second choice? Mom:  Greek food. Me:  How about your third? Mom:  Greek food.  I heard about a new place in Astoria that was excellent. Me:  Ok, what's the name of it? Mom:  I have no idea. Me:  Ok mom, we're going for Japanese.   Of course I wasn't going to disappoint mother on mother's day, so I did some research and figured out that it was probably MP Taverna that mother was talking about.  Made a reservation for four and thinking back, it was probably the best decision I've made all month. The food and service was phenomenal.  My extremely picky sister sent her wine back, but that's because she doesn't know much about wine.  She kept saying she wanted something sweet, and the staff did not give up.  The manager probably gave her a taste of three other wines until she was satisfied.  The server was also a sweetheart and very patient.  His jokes were kind of corny, but great personality and service overall.   Things to order: -octopus:  it was cooked PERFECTLY!  My picky sister even loved it. -lemon chicken:  I told my father not to order this because he makes some killer lemon chicken, but this was totally different.  I was tender and juicy.  The sauce at the bottom of the little cast iron dish was zesty and mouthwatering.   -prawn risotto:  whoa momma!  creamy, cheesy, hearty deliciousness.   - limonada:  Ouzo and lemonade!  Need I say more? Didn't get to have dessert because sister wanted to go, but I will try something the next time I'm there.  By the way, on the way home mom said she has a new favorite Greek place.  I can't wait to go back.  Definitely gets my stamp of approval.  Hands down the best Greek food I've ever had at a restaurant.   Note to self:  Don't dine with sister.
