I've been coming to this place for a few years, while they were still in a tiny store behind a jewelry shop, and the quality of their sandwiches have been high quality and fresh consistently. Now they've gotten even better! Not only have they moved to a much more spacious location, lots of seating, still a jewelry shop there, with a big bold sign advertising their business... THEIR PRICES ARE STILL THE SAME! Yes, you heard me right. The #1 BBQ pork sandwich is STILL only $3.75 (as of this writing). But wait, it gets even better! Their sandwiches seem to be even bigger than they were when they were made at their old location! A bit wider and longer, and chock full of crispy pork goodness, pickled carrots and daikon, and crunchy cilantro. You can even see the lady in the back sitting in front of a small mountain of baguettes making them. Banh Mi So #1 on Broome Street, sad to say, raised their prices after just moving some furniture around. Even before their mini-renovation, though, they were still a tiny bit more expensive. Now there's no comparison. While there is a certain amount of prepared sandwiches behind the counter, believe me, there's an extremely high turnover. The ones I get are usually still warm (and they haven't been sitting under hot lamps). Nothing, absolutely nothing like the premade bahn mi you get at that pretender Paris Sandwich that taste like cold cardboard. So if you happen to be wandering around Chinatown, near Little Italy, feel hungry for a huge, satisfying sandwich that doesn't skimp on ingredients or quality, go here. The decor is austere but clean, the service is efficient, and it's usually crowded, but it's the food that counts, right? For those of you who don't speak Chinese, the workers understand enough English to take your orders (just don't expect a learned discourse on, say, Shakespeare). If you're ordering a lot of sandwiches, I recommend you call ahead, they'll give you a number over the phone, you tell it to them once you go there to pick up. You can't miss it; it's across the street from Ferrara, next to the Di Palo Italian deli (they have cows on their sign). Bon Appetite!
