So, let's start with the basics. I'm a 1st generation American born of Spanish parents from Valencia, Spain. I spent summers and other important times of my early years in Spain, and not only am I obsessed with food in general but I know Spanish food, especially rice dishes and paellas. That aside, I'm always cognizant of the fact that local products often make the unique tastes found in national and regional cuisines so I try to temper my reviews with those pesky little facts in mind. Myself and three other adults went to Casa Mono for lunch since my father in law is always talking about going back to CM. We've been to CM at least dozen times and I can say with certainty that the quality of Spanish cuisine has been consistent since the first time I've been there. Which is to say not always great. There a few dishes I can recommend but aside from that you'll be paying for overpriced and not very interesting nor delicious combinations which have little to do with Spanish cuisine. So to start, we had the Sepia which was a sad little meager helping of very thin cuttlefish. In Spain, hell when I buy cuttlefish in Chinatown, they are usually plumper and fatter than the pathetic serving we received. Taste was fine but the presentation of such a wimpy sepia was disappointing and without a thick slab of sepia to chew on the texture that is so lovely in most sepia dishes was completely missing. We'll call this a fail. The frisse salad with Manchego was good but that's a hard one to mess up as long as the frisse is fresh  and your Manchego is half way decent. Ensalda Rusa was a take on the traditional dish with some exotic items thrown in for what I later determined was just to throw them together as they neither enhanced nor elevated the original dish. The dish had many of the items I usually covet, like sea urchin, but I have to say that this combination left a lot to be desired. I'm always surprised when people combine things that by themselves are delicious, i.e. boiled egg--check and delicious/sea urchin--double check and double delicious/chicken cracklings-- oh man here I come!! But all of these items together were stupid together. Whereas I can enjoy Morimoto's poached oyster with foie gras and sea urchin and loved what they did together, this was just a mess. A $14 mess that sucked. C'est la vie on to the other items. Next we ordered the Spanish Anchovies with ramps and not the usual Lardo Iberico. How sad that I didn't taste either. The waiter sold me on the uniqueness of the anchovies being home-style, which I've had in abundance in Spain. The beauty of these home-style anchovies is that they are less salty, plumper and taste more of the actual fish and the sea than the usual cheap canned variety. Sadly both the anchovies and ramps were dumbly combined with so much tomato paste that I couldn't taste anything but the tomato paste. The pork croquets were good, although they weren't of the creamy Spanish variety I'll let them slide since they didn't anger me in any way and were at least tasty. At this point, I'm just pissed. This sucks and aside from the salad and pan con tomato (messing bread and tomato is hard to mess up so there's that) everything has been a huge disappointment. The sweet breads were too salty and had to be sent back. Whereupon the newly arrived dish is less salty but quite a bit more on the teensy side. So sad to see that these pucks can't even make sure to keep their clients happy. The duck egg and bravas were fine but not amazing. I'd order them again if I had to since they were at least technically adequate and the ingredients weren't over shadowed by some bullshit. The razor clams were as usual pretty good. But again like all things Batali it seems, as long as the product is decent and the chefs don't do too much to the actual product, like drizzle with olive oil and bake, then you're good to go. I've been to many Batali joints (I haven't been to Babbo but considering all the crappy disappointing experiences I've had so far with Batali's cuisine I don't think I'll try) and can say without any reservation that the only thing that Batali does well is import excellent products. If you get a cheese or charcuterie plate, sans chef's additional tweaks, you're good to go. If you get a pasta plate or pizza at a Batali joint with a traditional sauce, you're good to go. However, if you venture into the creative side of any Batali eatery, beware, you are likely to spend too much be assaulted with what can only be described as a ham handed attempt at creating something delicious which Casa Mono clearly and sadly cannot achieve. Good luck Casa Mono I hated almost every bite.
