I gave Saint Austere a 2nd chance after my 1st 'meh' experience there, simply because Fabrizio was so sweet the first time we were there, when we stopped in after a performance. He gave us some extra dishes with substitutions for my veggie needs, including 1 killer one (polenta) and encouraged us to give it another try, since we live in the neighbourhood. Ooooooooffff - the man tricked me. Returning was a bad move ~ because this time, I didn't have the pleasure of his company to save the day. Instead, I was with his less than charming sister, who would do better as a paralegal than a bartender/server. Hospitality is clearly not a family trait. Deplorable & Disgusting!! There should be a star for that. As for the food :: the same bland bummer from the kitchen with a braised short ribs & risotto ($15) served in a bowl smaller than my cat's & of course in square cubes that reminded me of beef dishes in India with a little cold temperature for effect. Beet pasta was super boring & harder than gnocchi supposed to filled with what they called cheese. To down this sad cuisine - we needed wine which came from a list selected by someone behind the delivery counter in a diner. The wine list :: the same unfortunate selection with only 3 mediocre Italian reds by the glass. Oy! Clearly, the smart thing to do for any customer at this point is to end this misery. But the kicker came when I asked for the bill, and the paralegal asked "what was wrong with the meal". I started to answer, and she threw me out of the restaurant. Yes, you read that right. The woman asked me to tell her what I didn't like, then said: "I'm going to have to ask you to leave now." Unreal. Why ask if you don't want to know? I didn't say a word until asked for my feedback which of course would ooze out of me after this killer experience at the bar - Right? Fabrizio shows up just to hand the credit card that we left at the counter & says "thank you" - My postscript to the paralegal: don't fret, darling - I won't be back & ensure no one from my neighborhood does either. My recommendation ~ Grand Street has other options to offer & if you need a paralegal there is one right round the corner.
