My bf and I went to Bar last weekend for the first time and it was such a bad experience that we just left. Aside from the bad service, there was A GIANT PIECE OF PLASTIC IN MY SALAD! The following is a description of the ensuing evening. I'm sure the pizza is excellent, but we didn't even get to that point in the evening. After over an hour wait (we were told 30-45mins by the absent and then rude hostess), during which we gladly patronized the bar area, the people ahead of us were seated. When we tracked down the hostess to ask if there was a table available, she literally brushed us aside and told us to go upstairs and sit somewhere. When we were finally able to view the menu to order drinks/salad/pizza, I asked the waitress for suggestions since we just moved from out-of-state and had never been to Bar. She came back 5x in 10min and when we finally ordered, they were out of the ingredient, so we asked for extra time and started with a salad. We found a lettuce-leaf sized PIECE OF HARD CLEAR PLASTIC in the salad, after which we asked her to take the salad back. She apologized, and did so. Here is the problem: we were seated directly above the kitchen. When she took the salad to the cook, she told him about the plastic, and he exclaimed, "Wow! That's awesome!" and then she proceeded to say, loudly enough over the roar of the Saturday night party crowd, "Yeah, and I've been waiting on them for 45 fucking minutes to order, and then they ask to send the salad back? What the fuck?". Next to her, two other waitresses were doing shots. She walked back up the stairs, all smiles, and asked if we wanted to order. We told her to give us our bill and we left. **Icing on the cake: I went to the bathroom before leaving and when I came out, I ran into a guy walking out of his bathroom as he was calling another guy a "fag". I just read another bad review about a mouse being spotted. Bar may have good pizza, but I will NEVER go there to eat-- only to drink. There are plenty of good pizza places in New Haven.
