This was my first visit to Vinted.  I used to frequent Uncorked, which occupied this space prior to Vinted and always loved it there.  I was a little worried that I wouldn't have as good an experience with it under the management of The Federal.   I was pleasantly surprised to find that the atmosphere was fun and light.  The staff was knowledgeable about the food and the wine and were able to make good recommendations for parings. We started off with a meat and cheese plate.  We had roquefort, bleu cheese, and prosciutto.  It came with a honey comb, a few grapes, and raisin toast.  We had a glass of zinfandel that went perfectly with it.   For dinner we got the soft shell crab and the short ribs.  The crab came in a bowl of spicy corn chowder.  The crab was very good, but the corn chowder was the star of the dish.  It was well balanced with good flavor and just a hint of spice from chili oil that lingered for just a minute after you ate it.  The short rib came on a Panzanella salad, which was fantastic.  The rib, although tasty, was not as flavorful as I would have expected.   The staff was fantastic and we struck up a conversation with the couple at the next table.  Our waitress, Tracy, was friendly and joking around with us and the table next to us.  The manager, Gary, visited our table and found that I have a love of Italian wines.  He told us about large format bottles of great wine that the open on Friday nights.   It is so nice to have a place that I can get an affordable taste of a wine before I purchase a glass or a bottle.  They had a beautiful Amarone on the wine list that was nothing short of spectacular, but a glass or a bottle is outside my price range, but we were able to get a 1oz taste of it (and it was totally worth it!).   We skipped desert, as we were too full to eat any more, but the table next to us raved about the smores, and they looked delicious.  We plan to put this on our regular list of restaurants we visit, and I plan on coming back on a Friday night to try out some of the wines they get in the large format bottles.
