One night at the Weathersfield Inn feels like a week long vacation. Time has a way of slowing down. Our room had a fireplace, one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in and a huge tub for two in the adjoining bathroom. This is a place for some serious relaxing!  But it's the food I will remember most.  I knew there had been a change in chefs here recently so I was a touch nervous as to what we would find.  Well, let me state for the record that what we found was some of the best cooking I've had the delight of eating in a long time.  There is a huge emphasis on farm to table here. Everything is local, made from scratch and beautifully presented.  We went for the five course tasting menu and every bite was perfection. The first course was a small roasted beet and local greens salad with almonds and the most delicious finger licking dressing drizzled all over it. This was followed by a bowl of butternut squash soup.  Now I know you're probably thinking, butternut squash soup, how boring is that, but I'm here to tell you that this was probably the most delicious bowl of soup I have ever eaten. Like Baby Bear's porridge, it was neither too thick nor too thin, and the flavor had a subtle curry hit in the background. An amazing homemade stock had clearly been used in the making and a swirl of house-made creme fresh was swirled on top. I like soup just fine but it is not something I would normally order in a restaurant. Well I will be dreaming about this soup for years to come.  A beautiful piece of grilled halibut came next, sitting on a fresh pile of ratatouille. The sauces that came with it were just right, not too creamy or too rich but bursting with flavor.  One, if I remember correctly, was a minty yogurty sauce that was fabulous.  We had pork for the meat course and it was bursting with juice and flavor, just like pork should taste but never does. The spinach underneath it was grown down the road and there was a gorgeous parsnip puree that we had to request more bread for so we could wipe our plates clean!  Dessert was a chocolate creme brulee with crunchy homemade pralines on top.  Heaven in a dish!  The part I love best is that none of this food is pretentious or fussy. It's just utterly delicious. Oh, and for breakfast, if they have the cheese and apple pancakes on the menu with a little pot of warm cider syrup to pour over them, you are in for a treat. I cannot wait to return. Thank your for a truly special and memorable visit.
