The mark of a good restaurant is not necessarily its size and existence in India, but the quality of its food and the generosity of its staff. Along that line, some of the finest dining experiences I've had throughout my career have been in the small restaurants and dives scattered throughout the New Jersey and NYC. Regrettably, Anjappar is not among these gems. The location of the restaurant in NJ (North Brunswick) makes it appear promising. This is fortunate, considering the fact that as I approached Anjappar Chettinad, fully intending to get seat and have quite dinner, I noticed not so clean glasses, I suppose I should have taken that as an omen, but being drawn in by the concept of a different type of Indian food and curious as to what such a food consisted of, I decided to press on. Looking around, I only noticed one other table with 2 customers . Since it was dinner time on a weekday evening, this should have been my second warning signal, but I still continued on in my culinary adventure. 15 minutes after I sat down, someone decided to show up to take my order. No recommendation nothing was given, asked the waiter will it be spicy the answer was "yes", can it be made mild again one word answer "no",  since I wasn't getting any sort of suggestion or help, I decide to pick the most complicated name(s) on the menu and order it. When I didn't same right I got a smirky look from the waiter. After another 30 minutes passed, my food arrived. I had already begun to expect as much, especially considering the fact that, in the 45 minutes I had been there thus far, the only other customers I had spotted were the original two patrons I saw when I first came. I decided to give the hasty waiter one final chance to redeem himself by asking him about what exactly made Anjappar so special. The information on the menu had been sparse at best and provided me with no clues. My server simply shrugged his shoulders and replied, "It's the good food in NJ" before shuffling back off to the kitchen, but I tasted their food, Anjappar Chettinad is, in fact, just an average Indian Restaurant and provide simple oily and spicy food, Nothing special about their food or other distinguishing features to be found at this place. I will take the blame for my disappointment at its ordinariness, though, seeing as how I did not inquire about this place with my friends in the first place. What I will not take the blame for, however, is the fact that the food was lukewarm and served on not so clean plates. The appetizers were somewhat hot, at least, but otherwise nothing special about them. Humorously, the dessert was, perhaps, the most honest and straightforward and eatable dish of the entire meal. Visiting the Anjappar was certainly an experience to remember, but one that I never hope to repeat and would not wish upon anyone else. If you are tempted by the fabulous reviews and hype created by fellow friends, you would be better off taking your appetite somewhere else than this restaurant.
