I have waited a year to try this place! Hearing about the crazy lines to land a table here has led me to visit Ippudo instead, every single time I have had a craving for good ramen. It's not always good to do comparisons, but I can't help but compare Totto to Ippudo. 1. The wait to get a table at Ippudo is probably just as awful, even though it is a much bigger establishment. Surprisingly, there was little to no wait at Totto last night! My boyfriend and I showed up around 8:30PM on a Tuesday night and had to wait five minutes max. It was lovely to be seated right away. 2. Service is quick at Totto. They seat you down, and as they do, they ask you for your drink order right away. Brought the drinks over almost immediately and asked if we were ready to order. If you need more time, feel free to take it. If you are like me and usually look up the place beforehand and have a clear idea of what you want to order and want to try it right away, you'll love how fast they are. 3. We were seated at the bar and I usually hate being seated there and prefer tables, but I liked that we got to watch them make everything! Their bar isn't really a bar where they serve alcohol behind the counter. They actually have the kitchen behind the bar. I felt like I was in Japan eating at a street ramen place. Pretty neat feature. 4. We ordered 2 pork buns which are WAY better than Ippudo's with a bigger piece of pork in between and an order of Totto Spicy Ramen and an order of Totto Miso Ramen. For my spicy ramen, I got an additional half of an egg because I don't think the menu stated that all ramen came up with half an egg (I could be wrong,) as well as some corn. I kind of regret getting the corn because a lot of it ended up drowning in the soup base so it was a bit of a waste. It was difficult to scoop it with the soup spoon without drinking too much soup by itself. The ramen was lovely though. Everything tasted so fresh. It came with 2 slices of chashu pork and it was enough for me, with the appetizer already lining my stomach. I didn't think paying an additional $2.50 for 2 more slices was quite worth it....I do think Totto is better than Ippudo, but Ippudo comes a close second. They also offer the kaedama option here where you can get more noodles for your bowl if you saved enough soup for $6. My boyfriend is a big guy so he needed that to really be full at the end of the night. Did I mention that the food was all put on the table within maybe five minutes? It was crazy fast and usually that makes me skeptical, but I sat behind them and watched it all happen so I am VERY satisfied with this place and their level of efficiency. 5. I'm not sure if the owners of Ippudo are Japanese or if the cooks are, but I absolutely hate when the staff yell out a random string of Japanese words at you to "welcome" you. Am I the only one who is bothered by this minor detail? The staff is much smaller at Totto, by far, but I love that they aren't yelling random Japanese words and can actually speak Japanese! Makes the place feel that much more authentic. Didn't get a chance to try any dessert or actually didn't notice if they offered that but the appetizer and entree was awesome. I read that they opened a new location on 51st too so maybe that is the reason why the wait was almost nonexistent for us...or we got really lucky! And to add, for an appetizer, 2 bowls of ramen, in which 1 had 2 extra toppings, our bill totaled to $40 including tip! AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, CASH ONLY!!!!!
