I wish I could have given this restaurant a better rating. After reading my fellow yelpers' reviews and checking out the menu on line I was anxious to try the food here. Sadly, that will never happen. The three of us walked in to a tiny railroad style restaurant. Immediately a hostess/waitress came up to us and asked us how many. Well since only 3 of us walked in, we replied 3 in unison with a slightly confused look. The waitress mentioned that she could put the two tables at the end of the restaurant by the door together for us to sit.  We immediately agreed as we were going to a show and wanted to sit down and get started on dinner. Once we sat down my friend noticed the table closest to the door was slanted due to the way the floor was built. Which meant everything would slide off the side of the table. So she got up, walked to the back and politely asked the waitress if she had anything to put under the table to stabilize it. Here is where our confusion came in. The waitress flat out refused to come look at the table, refused to check and see if she had a book, or maybe a stack of napkins or something to stabilize the table. She said, and I quote: The floor is like that, that's why we don't normally seat people there.  So my friend said, ok, well if you normally don't seat people there, why did you offer to put the two tables together if you knew the floor was slanted? So the waitress began to get snarky. Like she was annoyed that we asked her questions and asked if she could help rectify the situation. She never even came to the back to look and see if anything could be done, or even attempted to help us. She just flat out refused. So my friends and I decided to leave. We left because we refused to eat in a restaurant where the simplest level of customer service was completely ignored. We were not rude, or loud, or obnoxious. We were all in good spirits and anxious to try this good food we've been hearing so much about. Sadly this was not to be. When we asked for the manager, before we left, we were told there is no manager, she was the only person there. I cannot begin to tell you how disgusted we were. The level of customer service left much to be desired. We left and went to a quaint Thai restaurant next door. Was pleasantly surprised with the delicious food and great service. Chanpen Thai Restaurant.
