Because of this restaurant, I created an account and had to write a review. My four friends and I went decided to come to this restaurant for early dinner (~4:30pm) and experienced something worse than poor service, and that is rudeness.  Initially everything went well.  Our order was taken in a timely manner and our food came in a timely manner and there were no major events that would cause us to be concerned.  The food was above average and as we neared the end of our meal, more customers began to come in.  It was then when it started going downhill. As we see other customer's food began to arrive, we realized that something was missing from our meal;  A side dish was not delivered to us, and we were not provided eggs for our tofu soup.  My friend's and I do not eat Korean food very often, so during the time the waiter delivered our food, none of us knew anything was missing.  It is one of those events where you don't know what was missing until you are reminded of it. We didn't make a big deal out of it and just decided since this was part of the service and we did not receive the full service, we would not tip as high as we usually would.  When the check came, we tipped 10% of bill and just as we were about to leave, another employee (cashier?) came to our table and asked us to give them 15% tip.  First of all, the manner in which they approached us was aggressive and so straight forward that we felt that we were being attacked.  Second, I never knew that there is a set percent of tip you MUST give, only that there was a recommended or a range. (The restaurant did not specify a certain percent is required). I explained the situation with not receiving full service because of the egg and side dish.  Their response was that we should have told them that we did not have the side dish or eggs served to us.  I explained that we did not know to ask because at the time we did not know what was missing.  They did not seem to understand my point and told us the same thing.  I explained two more times and on my last attempt to get my point across, the cashier responded, "So?, you should have asked for it."  I was calm the entire time even faced with attitude and rudeness up until this point.  The cashier must have seen the frustration that I kept to myself light up on my face and decided to leave.  At that point, my friends and I just left the restaurant and decided never to come back again. I have never been to a place where they would ask for more than 10% tip even after they knew they had messed up.  In addition, I have never been to a place where being rude and having attitude was the response of not receiving the percent tip they were looking for.  There might have been some mis-communication because they spoke very broken English, but it does not excuse them from their attitude. Thank you for your time!
