Given everything I've read, I expected to like this place, but umm... no.  Okay, I expected it to be expensive, given the ambience they're aiming for and the location, but the food was mediocre for the price.  Service for the price and atmosphere they're trying to achieve was abysmal.  Top to bottom for our meal: - I was very thirsty, so I drank the water within 5 minutes of sitting down (in addition to ordering an alcoholic drink).  The water was NEVER refilled for me or for my dining partner. - Each ordered a cup of chowder as an appetizer.  Cups were served with a plastic baggie of those miserable hexagonal "oyster crackers" that are like saltines.  Oh well, I figured that you have to go to Sansom Street Oyster House or the shore to get the substantial "Old Trenton Crackers" that I like.  Except that I later noticed that the table next to us had ordered "shots" of chowder, and got a small bowl of "OTCs" to share!  What??  A $1 shot of chowder rates real crackers, but a cup of it doesn't??  (By the way, the menu says it's $1 for a 4 ounce shot of chowder - I handle a lot of glassware, and they aren't 4-ounce shots!) - Okay, I ate the miserable hexagonal crackers.  But when the busboy came to clear the soup, he never took the empty plastic.   - The bread was either stale or spent too long in a dry oven, because it was crispy all the way through.   - The bread came wrapped in a napkin, so the busboy couldn't see whether it was empty or not.  When he cleared the soup, he asked if we wanted more bread.  Thinking he was asking if he should bring us more bread, I said, "No thank you - this is fine".  So he TOOK the bread basket away!  Left the butter behind for the entire rest of the meal, too. - When we finished one beverage and each ordered a second, the glasses from the first beverage were left on the table.  It was like it was a contest between the waiter and the busboy to see who would flinch first and clear the plastic from the crackers, the butter, and the empty glasses.   - Chowder was okay, not great.  Entrees were both bland, and lobster in the Lobster Roll was over-cooked. - Signage was inconsistent.  You can get buck-a-shuck oysters anywhere in the restaurant, but other happy hour specials only in the bar.  Signs / advertising didn't indicate any difference.  Also, signboard outside says All You Can Eat Crab Legs on Sundays for $19.95.  Printed flyer on every table says $19.95 for the first pound, and just $9.95 for each additional pound.  So which is it?  That could be a big difference!  Sorry to say, I don't think I'll be back to find out.  Honestly, Red Lobster is a better deal - yes, it's inferior food, but it's food and service in line with its prices.
