First time leaving a review on here, but I was just so put out at this restaurant, I had to leave a review! My fiance and two of his friends ate at this restaurant last night, and let me say, we will never return!  I read the ratings on Yelp before going there and my friend recently went there on a week night and had a good experience, so I thought it would be a good laid back scene for two couples to hang out.  The manager/owner who greeted us at the door was very friendly and helpful. He was the best thing about the place.  We were seated relatively quickly, however, we had to wait for about 10 minutes before we even figured out who our waiter was, and then he just rushed by to say that he would be right back.  About 15 minutes later, he shows up to take our orders for appetizers, we told him that we were ready to order dinner (since we had more than enough time to study the menu while waiting!). We ordered food. I actually enunciated my order to ensure that the waiter got it right. Why you say? I have a lot of experience with waiters getting my order wrong! I am a vegetarian and I usually have to either tweak what is on the menu or order side dishes so I have to ensure that they understand what I am ordering. With this said I thought it would be very easy ordering at Cuban Pete's since they actually had a vegetarian Paella on the menu.  So I orded the "Cuban Pete's Garden Paella".  Our food came in good time. When they brought my food, the waiter who brought the food out gave me my paella, but it was not what I ordered. Instead it was the "Cuban Pete's Paella", which is traditional paella with seafood and shellfish. I have never had shellfish in my life and so I would never order shellfish. I can read clearly and I read the description of the Garden Paella and it didnt include any shellfish or seafood.  I tell the waiter that is not what I ordered. Instead of saying okay and fixing it, he proceeds to tell me that is what I ordered. He insists that was my order. He leaves and comes back with another waiter (not our waiter) and both of them try to convince me that I ordered the seafood paella. I said no, that is not what I ordered. So they both leave and finally they come back with our waiter, who tries to convince me that is what I ordered. I told him to go get a menu. When he came back I showed him what I ordered and he was so surprised (seemingly he didn't know it existed on the menu).  He finally relented and went to get me what I had originally ordered. We all thought the food was just okay. Nothing spectacular at all. Which was kind of anti-climatic after all of the drama before we could settle down to eat.  To finish the night off, my fiance pays the bill and we didn't put the tip on the card, instead we had it in cash lying on the table.  We were still drinking mojitos and talking.  The waiter comes back and gets the bill. He realizes that the tip isn't on there, so he comes back and apologizes for the order mixup. I say no problem.  He leaves. About 5 minutes later, he returns (now before this we couldn't get him to stop at our table), and asks if I called him. I said no.  He leaves, and returns. This time he stays, hanging around the table next to us and kind of hovering near to our table. Finally, I guess when he couldn't take it anymore, he says to my fiance, "is that for me?" Pointing to the cash on the table. I was ready to say no it isn't, but my fiance, gave me the "behave yourself" look and told him yes and handed him the tip. I think that was utterly rude! Needless to say we sat there for another 30 minutes, but he never came back after he got the tip. All the caring was gone! Needless to say that we will not be going back there. The service was lousy and the food couldn't even compensate for the fact that the restaurant was lacking in other areas!
