When I walked in I was greeted by Buttermilk Channel's owner, Jerry Seinfeld. Sorry, a look alike. He had the teeth, the hair, and the sweater, but since I adore Seinfeld all of this was vrey endearing. He led me to my table while I waited for my two girlfriends to arrive, and even though they were both about a half hour late, I was treated very kindly by my waiter. He had a genuine answer for all of my questions, especially when it came to cocktails. I ended uo getting a hot toddy - excellent but cooled quickly. When my friends finally arrived, we decided on what to order, all the while feeling the warmth of the service and the candles (oh, and the alcohol.) We began with housemade pickles (great - not too sweet,) and sweet potato croquettes with goat cheese dressing. These were like little fried truffles; knowing there'd be more food to come I abstained from going beyond a single ball. Then our real appetizers came. My friend had the cauliflower soup with apple - very good and creamy but too little! I had the endive salad which tasted little like its namesake anchovy dressing, but it made me feel relatively healthy. The winner was the delicata squash tart with ricotta...despite the fact that my friend ordered it, we all devoured it like a pack of hungry wolves. Definitely order it. Entrees were slightly more hit/miss, and very meat heavy. I had the buttermilk fried chicken, which was super crispy and moist, over a cheddar waffle sweetened with powdered sugar. To add to the sweet savory elements, maple balsamic dressing acted as a perfect dip. The buger, topped with onions, cheddar, pickles, and ketchup and mayo, was also really good, but this is coming from someone who has abstained from burgers for years despite her secret love for them. It comes with fries, which I did not try due to my general dislike of them. The "miss" of the night was the breaded hake. It came on a really nice kale stew with bacon 'n stuff, but the inside was raw! Too thick to be sashimi. Our waiter was very gracious though, and took it back to get us a new, freshly cooked one. Now, keep in mind that this dinner has been going on for a few hours by now due to our talkative nature. But we finally settled on desserts and got three to share. My favorite was the pecan pie sundae. Really that's all it is: pecan pie with ice cream and whipped cream in a parfait glass. Every bite was a corn syrup feast for the tongue. The carmelized chocolate bread pudding was good, but it was made better by the citrus cream on top. Added an extra dimension. My relatively least favorite was the dish of warm oatmeal raisin cookies. They were great, but not something I'd order when I could easily make them myself. After our dinner had concluded, the owner offered to call a car service to whisk us away to our abodes. We were also told to come back again soon; as you can see the niceness seeps into all the cracks. Another point of interest: if you don't like talking to complete strangers, you will probably feel uncomfortable when not one, not two, but three different people strike up a conversation with you on the line for the bathroom. Not just "nice restaurant, eh?" but a deep discussion of the food and ambience. You've been warned, but I personally was charmed. Sure the name is wacky but the food is overall delicious and a real treat. I'll be back.
