Thought you might enjoy this San Franciscan's answer to an Australian's query "Are Philly Cheesteaks available in LA?" in the TripAdvisor Los Angeles forum*: Subject: Pat's Steaks 12 August 2000 03:13:36 In Wildwood [New Jersey] I had my very first Philly Cheese Steak ($5) in that part of the world. Because I told the order taker of my virginal status, he helped me construct it to my liking and it sure was. Yummy! At the Steel Pier in Atlantic City I had a $6.25 Chicken Cheese Steak that wasn't worth half the price. After a hot and humid evening of sweat-soaked dancing with the Philadelphia Swing Dance Society at the un-air-conditioned Commodore Barry Club, I went to Pat's Steaks to have a genuine, authentic, original and only real honest-t'-goodness Philly Cheese Steak. Even though the bars wouldn't close for another hour or so, the line was very long. I got in it behind a bunch of big guys who had the look of Hell's Angels but the sound and demeanor of Mafiosi. When I told the lie that I was going to have my very first Philly Cheese Steak, those choir boys excitedly and agitatedly tried to give me the accurate information I needed to successfully negotiate the hazards of ordering. They were rapturous about what I was about to discover, they about to enjoy, and told stories about making special, very long, trips to Pat's for the real thing. "Want onions? Say `Wit'. That's all. Don't say nuttin' else. Give 'em yer money and move outta d'way. Don't hesitate. If you do, y're outta dere." When my time came at the small window, I confidently said "Wit. And an order of 'fries". They coulda died. With all they had tried to do for and with me, I failed, they had failed. "No, no! Y'order the 'fries over there at the next window" which I did, along with an orange juice. I joined them at a small sidewalk table and lied about the sandwich. It was not nearly as good as the one I had had in Wildwood. In fact, it was no better than the rather sad chicken version I had earlier at the Steel Pier. pawriter said SwingCha "Thank you for your entertaining and hilarious recount of your cheesesteak experience...I could see it happening as I read it, so descriptive was your narration, and it's been a very long time since I've had such a good laugh!!!" *SwingCha posted to TripAdvisor's Philadelphia forum on February 11, 2008 tripadvisor.com/ShowTopi…
