You've probably noticed New Haven has more Indian restaurants than they do in India. (Now before you correct me on this "absurd" statement, just remember that in India they're just called restaurants.) They all offer an all-you-can-eat lunchtime buffet which will set your paycheck back on average a Hamilton and maybe a pair of Washingtons per person. If you've ever eaten (northern) Indian food, you know what you're gonna get: chickpeas, lentils, probably some saag paneer, and inevitably a Chiken Tikka Masala. And on the side you're going to down enough carbs via naan to add a layer or two for warmth in the Connecticut winter. At the end of the meal you might even have some Indian deserts even though they are not life-changing. Considering you pay the same regardless of how much you eat, you are probably going to cram so much of this food into your stomach that you will not eat dinner or breakfast the following day. And that's a good thing. So when it comes to knowing WHICH Indian restaurant in New Haven to get your fill at, it's all about quality-quality-quality (also location-location-location if you don't have wheels and you gotta get back to your workplace by one.) Wouldn't it be cool if you knew someone who had been to all of them and this person was not worried in the slightest about comparing apples and oranges or finding strengths and weaknesses and nuance to each one? Who fits that criteria and has five thumbs? This guy! Yep, yours truly tried every one and simply put India Palace takes the cake (not a reference to their desert cakes because, well, they don't have desert cakes.) That's my whole review in a nutshell:it's the yummiest and most consistently high-quality buffet food of the various Indian places I've tried in Connecticut. The other places might try and water down their sauces, use less meat or jack up the prices to keep their profit margin large and in charge. This "Palace" is .... wait for it.... fit for a king. I crack myself up. Five thumbs up.
