Loud -- great food.  The service was abysmal.  The food gets four stars.  The service gets one star.  For a well-established restaurant the poor service was inexcusable, hence the overall to two stars.  I had wanted to eat here for a while, and the fact that two others in our party independently chose this as where we would dine sealed the deal, so we went.  The servers were friendly enough -- but not particularly prompt.  The main issue we had is that they were not attentive to the needs of their customers, to wit: - We had a reservation for seven. They seated the first person to arrive at a table for eight.  There were only four place settings on the table.  As the rest of us arrived this did not change.  We had to ask numerous times for plates, utensils, napkins, and water.  None arrived for quite a while.  Eventually, after the tapas appetizers arrived and were consumed, we received the missing items. - When clearing the table the busboy stood at the end of the table and motioned for us to pass him the dirty plates, which he stacked up as he collected them.  There was ample room for him to collect them without help.  He just did not want to bother to do so. - At dessert time almost everything arrived at one time -- including the waiters beating drums and such in honor of the birthday boy.  What was missing?  The dessert for the birthday boy.  The worst part was that they didn't even realize they had forgotten it!   After a few minutes of waiting for it i finally found the waiter in the kitchen.  When told about the issue he blamed the kitchen -- no apology -- it was someone elses fault! After dinner, it took a few minutes to find the waiter to ask for the check. It took longer stil for him to return with it  But then he stood behind me for a few minutes writing and adding everything up.  The whole process took about five times longer than it should have. After the check arrived, I discussed our experience with the manager.  Rather than express concern over how her staff had treated us and apologize, she was mainly concerned with taking something off of the bill.  I found that odd as the only portion of the bill I had even mentioned was the 18% gratuity that I felt was exceedingly generous.  A sincere apology and a promise to admonish the staff would have gone a long way.  Neither was proffered.   While the food was good, we will absolutely not be returning to this establishment.  I certainly wish I had read the reviews (including the 'filtered' ones) here prior to planning to go in the first place.
