Unfortunately I experienced my first major disappointment today at this location, it's too bad as I've dined here several times before, and service and quality have always been good, at least 4 stars each time!  Today it was mainly about the lack of service we experienced.  Our waitress, K.D. was apathetic towards us, at best.  First, she didn't bother to check on on us, after taking our orders, therefore when our entrees arrived we had to tell her that our soup never came. She forgot, we even ordered it, as she never stopped by before the entrees came.  After that though, she was never to be found again.  Never refilled our water glasses, I was so thirsty, with no water and she never bothered to ask if I wanted another glass of wine either though my glass was empty before my meal was even done.  No water or wine, that stinks. Then the waiting game started again, just simply trying to get the check.  Again she's nowhere to be found, finally when we got her attention (she left so quickly after taking our dessert order, we didn't get a chance to tell her to bring the check as well).  Big mistake.  We had to wait for the check. Afterwards, when she finally took it (meal was already finished) it was another 20 minutes we had to wait again.   I was going to complain to the manager, but I didn't want to make a stink with other diners around. In addition, the food quality left much to be desired as well. The baja tacos have always been great, tasty and filling. Now they changed the entree altogether, it's more of a small plate as the size of the taco has shrunk, and the shell is now fried, making it more like an appetizer than entree.  Lastly, the whip cream on my dessert was horrible, texture, look wise, and taste wise as well.  Like a mushy gelatinous blob, it made the dessert look very unappetizing.  Fortunately I just moved it to the side, as it was solid lump anyway. It will be a while before I return to this location again. It's not like the restaurant was overcrowded either. I think it was just bad luck on our part, as the other waitstaff seemed competent.  Too bad, you look forward to dining after a long week, during the holidays, on a Friday evevning, and this was a major let down.
