I just went to Oaxaca Kitchen for the second time. The first time was shortly after they opened in 2011 during restaurant week. The idea is that the restaurant offers authentic, up-scale Mexican (Oaxacan) food. I have eaten really good Mexican food as served in Rick Bayless's restaurant in Chicago and at the Frontera Grill in Austin, Texas. I have also eaten at Rosa Mexicano in New York, although I was disappointed there. I have eaten great food at a place in Houston too.  And I have been cooking authentic and very good food at home for the last 20 years (and am the proud owner of 8 or 9 classic cookbooks, necessary for a Gringo like me to do this right). I was very excited by the prospect of really good food Mexican style, with work executed by others. I AM DISAPPOINTED here: the presentation is alright, but the food is bland. On the first visit,  I had gazpacho with ice cream floating in it. This is a  cool idea, though that is how gazpacho is often served these days (at home we sometimes make a mustard ice cream to serve with the gazpacho as per P. Wells)--except usually the ice cream or sorbet isn't cloyingly sweet. Then I had a rather undistinguished/bland red mole. Mole is supposed to be amazingly complex and a touch spicy!, but this one was nothing like that. And the cheesecake for dessert was overcooke, burnt on top and curdled otherwise. Just now I had a small lunch, giving the place a second chance. Nice chips and two salsas: the tomatillo salsa was tasty enough, but the red salsa was rather watery. Management should do something about that!  I had seafood in a mole amarillo. There was no hint of either ancho or guajillo pepper or in fact any other chile in the amarillo. It was a vegetable puree. Service was very good: friendly and attentive. Notably, however, I was the only customer. Maybe this is because there didn't seem to be a lunch menu? Or maybe prices are a bit high for lunch by New Haven standards, or at least if your food is not in the Union League or Ibiza league. There are plenty of places in which the food is not any better that are fuller. While I commend that there is an attempt to cook good food and not to cook American-Taco-Bell style slop, as in most restaurants in the Northeast, they haven't quite pulled it off. Maybe this is because they are catering too much to what clientele already knows. But why not try to educate us by offering us something spectacular: spicy and carefully spiced?
