I came here with my family last night and we used a groupon. We had a reservation, but ended up with an extra person, and we were sat by the door. I usually don't mind, but it was cold out, and the curtain they had around it wasn't helping. We were told the other tables had reservations as well, so we couldn't be moved. (no one sat down at the other tables next to us the whole time we were there). Things were going okay through our tapas that we had as appetizers. I had to ask that my water be refilled several times, but the food was decent and the music was pleasant. It was when it came to the entrees that things started to go south. First of all they didn't seem to remember who ordered what, and they kept calling two of the dishes the same name, when we had ordered two different ones, and eventually just put them down and said it was right...we still don't know if we got the right food. When everything was sorted out, we found that one dish was missing. It took a while to find our waiter and tell him, and when he finally got to entering it into the computer (he had forgotten to do this), we were told it would be thirty minutes more. The staff kept saying it was the computer's fault that my mother's entree was missing, which was especially irksome since it was a human who forgot to put it into the computer. They did apologize though, even if it was for the computer and told us they'd expedite her order. Well, things weren't exactly expedited and by the time she got her food all the rest of the plates were finished and cleared and her meal was still way too hot to eat. So she ate, and the staff would come over and ask if everything was okay, which was awkward, because they knew it wasn't. After my mother was finished it took a little while longer to find the waiter and ask for our check, and while he was getting it we were asked if we needed the bill by another member of the staff. When we received the check everything was the regular price, and when we asked if we'd be compensated for the wait for my mother's dinner they told us no, but next time we came this wouldn't happen. There's not going to be a next time.
