Went to Giovanni's last week for a late lunch/dinner. The place is on the small side with a nice casual atmosphere. The first thing I noticed after being seated was the place seemed quite loud although there were not many customers. After looking around I quickly realized it was loud because the majority of the staff likes to hang out by the bar and loudly discuss their every life detail. This was a really big turn off, I just wanted to tell them to shut up and pay attention to the diners or go clean something. The next negative was the drunk guy that we were seated next to. How do I know he was drunk you ask? after receiving drink after drink he managed to get up and stumble squeezing through the tables as he dropped his full glass of Margarita right next to our table resulting in Margarita splashing all over my leg and on my shirt and on top of the table and on my girlfriend's purse, it even managed to get all over another patron of the restaurant. The truth is things happen and I was not upset with the guy, however I was upset that the event even took place and how the restaurant dealt with the situation. First off: before you decide to start cleaning the floor get me and the other guests that were affected a damp cloth immediately so we could clean ourselves off. Second: to the owner and bar staff you should really ask yourself if you'd like the place to be a restaurant where people go to have great food and a couple of drinks, or a place where a person can go to get drunk before 5 PM because the bar staff thinks it's acceptable to serve drink after drink after drink after drink. Are you a restaurant or a want to be bar hangout? Let's talk about the Food. Overall the food was very good. The one drawback is that it took forever to get. We really weren't sure what the holdup was to get out some pretty basic dishes and the fact that the restaurant wasn't even at half full capacity. As an appetizer we had the Calamari & zucchini fritti, Calamari was cooked perfectly and had a nice flavor. The zucchini was really soggy but it did have a nice flavor I think it was just fried at the wrong temperature which made it soggy. As entries we had the eggplant Parmesan which was very good and we also had the Tagliatelle di spinaci - Spinach tagliatelle with fresh rosemary chicken & mushrooms in a parmesan cream sauce, in all seriousness this was one of the best pasta dishes that I have had, the dish was executed perfectly. As for dessert we had the tiramisu which was very very good. After reading several reviews I saw that several people complained about portion size. The fact is that the portions are sized perfectly. The problem with society is that all too often we tend to overeat, I'm guilty of this myself. You must understand restaurant portion sizes are based on a three course meal. You're not supposed to be served a dinner that you don't finish and then doggy bag and eat for lunch and dinner the next day. That's being overserved, and something you typically find a lesser quality food. Overall nice casual atmosphere staff is way too loud and needs training there's a restaurant/bar identity crisis the food that we ate was very good priced fairly I will try them again
