My boyfriend and I randomly stumbled upon this place one night, and the gorgeous decor drew us inside.  The menu didn't impress me however, as the scarse topping options didn't correlate well with the higher end price.  We ordered a pie, and waited 45 minutes for it to arrive.  However, we saw other patrons (obviously friends or family of the owner/owners) who were seated after us receive their extensive orders before we did.  Our waiter was nice, but didn't know too much about the menu (even though it's super minimal) and was slow with the water.  The pizza was great, but Italian peppers would have made more sense than jalepeno (my boyfriend didn't think they were jalepeno, but we both agreed that they were not of an Italian variety.)  Thin crust, brick oven pizza is pretty common nowadays anyway, especially in the area, so the price definitely didn't bring with it anything unique.  I will give this place a perfect score on decor though, as it's dark, sexy, and romantic.  I heard that the neighborhood had been waiting well over a year for this place to be finished though, so it should look good.   Also, when we finally got our food and began to eat, a woman who worked there told us that she needed the extra seat from our table, so we had to stop eating and move all of our jackets while she impatiently stood there waiting, hand already yanking the chair away for her friends.  No one asked me if I wanted another glass of wine or my boyfriend if he wanted another beer (although we would have had another, if not a few more) and no one refilled our waters.  The kicker at the end was that when we went to pay, they told us it was cash only.  Nowhere does it say this, although, it might be noted now, as this was about a month ago.  When we asked where the nearest ATM was, the chair yanker told my bofriend it was on 5th ave (not close,) so I had to wait there while he walked to get cash.  We found out from the hostess on our way out that there was an ATM across the street at another place (Toby's) which I heard has delicious pizza for less, and a friendly staff.  To be completely honest, I'm actually concerned that a 6 foot tall goon with a bat might come and find me for writing this unfavorable review.  It just struck me as that kinda place.  Just sayin...
