I have been to Eccola's for both lunch and dinner a few times, so it was without hesitation that I made a reservation there for my Mother's 80th Birthday dinner this past Saturday evening. The reservation was made a week in advance, and although I found the folks on the phone to be slightly rude, I went ahead and reserved a table.  The day of the dinner, I called the restaurant in the early afternoon to reconfirm the reservation.  I was told we were all set. We arrived for our reservation about 10 minutes early - the restaurant and bar area was loud and over-crowded .  I gave the Hostess my name, repeated that we had a reservation for 7:30 PM and she told me it would be about ten minutes.  She was extremely frazzled.  From our vantage point at the bar, we could observe the entire restaurant.  They were booked to capacity, and the entire staff was running around like a bunch of chickens with their heads cut off.  I approached the Hostess again after 10 minutes and she told me that they were "working on getting us a table"....whatever that meant.  I approached the Maître D (who is extremely arrogant and rude) and he told me "Madame, we are doing the best we can"  I asked him what was the point of making a reservation?  Unfortunately, at this point, my family and I were stuck - where were we going to find a restaurant that would be able to accommodate us at the last minute on a Saturday night?   Forty-Five minutes later, we were seated. The food was mediocre and over priced - the service was terrible, and at that point, I felt very rushed.  By 10:30 PM, they were looking to clean up and get out of there.    Honestly, this was one time in my life when I contemplated leaving a restaurant without paying the bill.  Needless to say, I will NEVER go there again.  What a disappointment for such a special celebration.  I was completely embarrassed in front of my family. My advice:  if you are not a local, do not bother with this place - they will charge you up the kazoo and ignore you in the process!
