What a shit show. My boyfriend and I were excited to try Green Eggs Cafe after numerous friends saying how good the food was. Well, no one ever mentioned the service... And I can see why. We walked in and grabbed a seat at the counter after being told it'd be a 15 minute wait for a table-- we were hungry!! We each ordered a breakfast burrito. I, being a vegetarian, ordered mine with the vegan sausage rather than the chorizo that came in it normally. The waitress asked me if I wanted it totally vegan, I said no, just sub the vegan sausage- I don't eat meat. My boyfriend then ordered his burrito with bacon instead of chorizo (sausage makes him sick). She nodded and went to put our order in. When the burritos came out and were put in front of us, I asked the food runner which had the vegan sausage in it (obviously, so I didn't take a bite of my boyfriend's bacon burrito). He said, "oh, one was supposed to be vegan style?" I said "no, just with vegan sausage instead of chorizo.... " So he took mine away, saying it would take them a few minutes to remake it. I look down, and there is a side of something still sitting in front of me. I ask the waitress what it was and she didn't know. I smelled it and realized it was a side of vegan sausage. My boyfriend's burrito came out with the chorizo and a side of bacon. We told the waitress about it, and she dumbfoundedly looked at us and went to get the manager. The manager came over to us, and she and the server tried to understand our SUPER COMPLICATED order. They spent a few minutes basically trying to tell us that we were wrong in ordering. (a huge customer service no-no.) Getting frustrated, I said to her, "Clearly there was just a misunderstanding with the order. Can we just fix it please?" She then shot me a dirty look, cutting me off with "LET ME FINISH." So after a few more minutes of explaining how we wanted our burritos (one with vegan sausage, one with bacon-- really difficult, I know) -- she huffily took the remaining chorizo burrito and the two random sides away. When our burritos finally came out the right way, they were handed to us by the manager herself. She snippily said as she put them down, "Just to let you know, we don't make modifications like that here, but we did it for you this time." My eyebrows went up, as I recalled the "Vegan Option Available" symbol that appeared next to the burrito on the menu. "That's strange," I mumbled, to which she put her hands up, saying, "I'm just following policy." Strange, usually policies that strict in nature are mentioned somewhere on the menu, so innocent vegetarians and those with food allergies know to eat elsewhere. So, in a nutshell, if you're looking for a friendly neighborhood brunch spot, I suggest you try Cantina or POPE (on the weekends) --- the food there is just as good if not better, and at least at those spots you're treated like a friend, not an intruder. We will never go back to Green Eggs Cafe. I suggest you follow suit.
