I has originally posted this on Facebook but my oldest son said I should post it here so here goes ... My son Dave, my sister in law Carol and I went to TGI Fridays for dinner and had the oddest experience. It must have been Carol's fault because .. Well, just because, LOL! Anyway, our waiter was a cute little Spanish guy named Sergio who may or may not have been new but was completely devoid of any charm or personality ... or sense of humor because he laughed at none of my jokes. Which would have been fine because the food was good and served in a timely fashion. But then dessert happened and another family came into his section and apparently, he had some sort of breakdown and I am imagining ran out through the kitchen screaming and they had to send a freakin posse to round him up and drag him back. Dave and I each ordered pb chocolate pie. We waited an eternity before a different waiter came with one tiny piece of pie and two forks. He then announced "I have no idea where your waiter is!" So we look around and pointed him out and Dave said, um, we ordered two pieces of pie, one each." I mean seriously, I have posted pictures of myself and family on here. Do we LOOK like we share one tiny piece of pie? So I am waiting for my pie for another eternity. Dave was done, Carol was on her third beer. I was going to ask for a glass of water but since Sergio had disappeared, I just waited for the ice in my tea to melt. Finally my pie arrives. Like NOTHING EVER HAPPENED. Alrighty then. I asked Dave to ask for the check while we excused ourselves to the powder room, where Carol had no idea how to work the paper towel dispenser and thought she broke it because I can't take her anywhere without some odd thing happening. So we go back to the table, the bill is there and we are waiting for Sergio to come and settle up. I asked Dave if he remembered the line from Backdraft where the guy says, "You see that flash of light in the corner of your eye? That's your career dissipation light. It just went into high gear." Well, that was how I felt about the tip. Every tick it was getting smaller. We finally walked out to the hostess desk to pay and the other guy who brought the pie had a questioning look on his face. We asked if we could pay there and he said we had to pay our server. I said if you can find him, I will. So ... ... ... Finally he comes and takes the bill (LIKE NOTHING EVER HAPPENED) and my card and it's over. I told him the tip was on the table. I left him $13 because I hope it's bad luck in his culture and that will teach him. I should have drawn an evil eye on the check. The food was really good, work on the service/waitstaff! We felt like we came in on Monday and left on Friday.
