Came in to Bubby's late on a Friday night anticipating a dose of much-needed comfort food with friends after a long sick day at work. Had to flag down server to order (though restaurant was not busy), and when we asked to place one, he angrily told us he'd come back. I assumed he was having a rough shift. When he returned, he gave us attitude upon ordering burgers with add-ons. He forgot one of my friends' drinks, and then treated her like it was her fault for his forgetfulness. Our burger had fries instead of the requested salad and was lacking avocado (which then the food runner gave us more attitude for mentioning), and then when the burger came back, it was missing caramelized onions like we'd ordered. We couldn't find a server for the duration of our meal to tell them the mistake. Again flagged down servers the entire meal, and kept asking who our real server was. We found out that our server had left, but were confused as to why we weren't enlightened of this earlier as the service had no continuity. They didn't bring us any water refill until we asked several times. After we'd gotten dessert menus and decided on our choice, we stared at a group of servers/bussers standing around to request an order, and it took them a full 10 seconds of eye contact for one of them (three feet away) to come over and ask if we wanted to order dessert. When I asked the size of the cookie (to share), they insisted it was twice as big as it showed up. And though we requested it with vanilla ice cream on top, the ice cream came 5 minutes later, after we'd gotten the bill and could have finished the mediocre cookie. I hope their pie is better. Did not arrive with spoons. When I spoke to a manager, she offered vouchers for free pie and beer "because our cards had already been authorized," as though I would ever return to experience the same shoddy service only to again repeat the mistakes to deaf ears, and as though the authorization couldn't be reversed. (It can, I work in a restaurant with Micros.) The food was alright, no dish was memorable, and not worth the price. (The organic nature and 24/7 hours are probably the only draws.) I realize that this sounds picky, but when I'm paying to be taken care of, and when an entire table is wondering "what is going on here," out loud, I know it's not something I want to repeat. I couldn't fathom going back and paying to chase down the waiters for service. One of my friends would be happy to return (she's German and very glad to have an excuse to pay service her usual European 10% on gratuity), but the rest of us agreed our first experience with Bubby's was very disappointing. Maybe the Bubby's staff are just morning people.
