I was very excited when I heard from my fried that BCD tofu house in Manhattan was going to reopen soon. I have been waiting for long and finally I and my friend came around 11pm on Friday. I was so surprised cuz there were still a lot of people at that late night. The interior was bright, which I loved, and it was clean. I ordered PORK SOON TOFU. It was spicy but very delicious. I like pork soon tofu so much but I never tasted like this delicious before. Also, there was fried fish came with other side dishes. Wow! I loved it. I just became a big fan of BCD. Waitresses were nice but I couldn't get good service at the beginning cuz too many people.  but the manager came and listened & accepted all my complains. He redirected them and they just came and apologized. They brought additional side dishes and checked on us  often if we need something. Delicious food, excellent service, clean and well organized interior! I just liked to come again soon. I strongly recommend you to come and enjoy delicious food here. You will love it. I was very excited when I heard from my fried that BCD tofu house in Manhattan was going to reopen soon. I have been waiting for long and finally I and my friend came around 11pm on Friday. I was so surprised cuz there were still a lot of people at that late night. The interior was bright, which I loved, and it was clean. I ordered PORK SOON TOFU. It was spicy but very delicious. I like pork soon tofu so much but I never tasted like this delicious before. Also, there was fried fish came with other side dishes. Wow! I loved it. I just became a big fan of BCD. Waitresses were nice but I couldn't get good service at the beginning cuz too many people.  but the manager came and listened & accepted all my complains. He redirected them and they just came and apologized. They brought additional side dishes and checked on us  often if we need something. Delicious food, excellent service, clean and well organized interior! I just liked to come again soon. I strongly recommend you to come and enjoy delicious food here. You will love it.
