Don't bother with the private dining at the chef's table in the wine room. You'll be more comfortable at the bar. I surprised my boyfriend by booking the chef's table in the private wine room to celebrate a milestone birthday, but the experience turned out to be completely disappointing. As advertised, the location was cozy and candle-lit, but to our surprise it was uncomfortably cold.  When we arrived, the hostess suggested we keep our coats to stay warm - that should have been a red flag right from the start. It was so crazy cold that we actually had no option but to wear out coats during the meal.  Our server attempted to warm us up by offering me a pashmina to cover my legs and convincing the sommelier to turn the wine room fan off periodically.  Still, our feet, hands, and noses were ice cold to the touch.  It felt as though we were eating in a meat locker instead of a wine room.   We tried to make the best of a bad situation, until finally, we decided it was too uncomfortable and too cold to endure.  We asked to move to a table in the dining room to finish the rest of our tasting menu, but were informed that there were no tables in the main dining area for 45 minutes.  Our only option was to move to a table next to the entrance in the bar, which we did because ANYTHING was better than the freezing private wine room. That evening the restaurant did not make any effort to make up for the poor dining experience, and ultimately we paid the full price of the specialty private dining even though we ended up in the bar.  I contacted the private dining manager and explained how poorly the night turned out and how little was done by management to try and recover what was left of our special evening.  She said she would put something in the mail for our troubles. I never received anything and after following up, she said it was sent to the wrong address... I was told the package would be sent again, but nothing ever arrived. I cut my losses and permanently cut Maialino from my list of go-to restaurants for special occasions.
