This was my first time and definitely my last. Ordered this Mango Chicken and it only had 4-5 pieces of small chicken. It's an $18 dish after taxes and I cannot believe how cheap they are with the chicken. If it was served as an appetizer for 1/3 of the price then I wouldn't really complain but this dish was marketed as a full meal. I left feeling ripped off.  All they did is mix the mango in sriracha and some sugar. I spent most of my time digging around the mango in search of chicken. Never again. I'd be extremely wary of the other comments on this restaurant who praise the sub-par food here. Because the main people who frequent Banana Leaf appear to be the hipster-type who would probably consider sushi from a gas station as "authentic." I lost faith in center city establishments. Where the growing trend is to charge more for poor quality. I find much better food in ghetto areas like Washington avenue in South Philly where you always get your monies worth. No wonder most of Anthony Bourdaines reviews come from the outskirts of Philly and never center city. I know that after reading this you may be pondering, "Why is this guy giving a bad review after only having one bad experience?" Well, having lived in the Philippines half of my life and been to Vietnam, China, Japan, Westminster California, and many asian establishments in Fort Lee, NJ and Manhattan, trust me when I say that most of the food on the menu does not look appetizing at all. I live, breathe, and sleep asian cuisine. Knowing how the food is going to taste by just looking at the ingredients on the menu, and the mango chicken appeared to be something that would remind me of being back on the west coast. Everything else looks like cheap Thai or Chinese takeout that has been altered a certain way to look halfway decent ( i.e inside mango or pineapple shell ) Anyway this place appears to be good for the college freshman with poor taste in food who just wants a spot to bring alcohol into. If that's you then you'll love getting ripped off here and be blindly thankful for it. If you have a sophisticated asian palate and are looking for quality then steer far away from here. Because you could find much better food for the same price you'd spend here somewhere else.
