You tend to find that the best barbecue and hearty food in general is found in places less pretentious looking...off the map, hole in the wall places. Percy Street Barbecue doesn't argue this theory. I am not a picky eater but I am a picky chooser when it comes to deciding on what restaurant to go to for dinner. From my usual walks down South st., I predicted that this place would be all ambiance and not much more. A friend of mine wanted to try it out and I joined. The Percy Street experience.... I have always been one to admire authenticity. The decor is definitely Texas style and similar to some places I have been to in Texas. The ambiance is limited to the decor and jukebox. As we walked in, we were greeted by loud music and witnessed the hostess being scolded by what I would assume to be the manager. The decor may be authentically Texan, but the service is not what you would receive down in Texas. After the manager felt satisfied with her amount of scolding, the hostess finally seated us. Shortly after our waitress attended our table and took our order. Shortly after that she attended our table to provide us with the check. Now, some may think I am being harsh but our stay at Percy Street did not last longer than 35 minutes and it seemed much less. As for the food... I am not cheap, I enjoy fine dining and I do not mind paying a few extra pennies for mouth watering food. So, first look at the menu prices gave me the impression that I would be served some excellent bbq. I ordered the brisket and macaroni and cheese. My friend ordered the ribs and macaroni and cheese. When the brisket came out I was automatically disappointed. I am a huge fan of brisket, actually a huge fan of meat in general. I knew that the amount of meat wouldn't suffice my hunger and I knew by looking at it that it would not be the brisket I am used to. The great thing about brisket is that it doesn't really even need any sauce or seasonings. However, if this brisket had not had the seasonings or dressing that it had...it would have been the driest brisket I've had. Don't misunderstand, I am not saying the meat itself is dry...if you cook dry brisket then you are basically a failure at life. But for brisket, IT WAS dry. As for my friend's ribs, for the price she paid she received a sorry amount of ribs. She devoured them within about ten minutes and was still hungry. The macaroni and cheese was decent. Not exceptional, but not Kraft either...so you conclude what that means. Like I said...I am not picky but the hole this place dug into my wallet was larger than the satisfaction I felt in my stomach. As for now I will stick to my hole in the wall theory and not go back to Percy Street.
