I have been going to Northern Spy for the past two years, as a regular!  On occasion I would order their Squash soup which I found to be okay....however, one evening I went there for dinner with a friend of mine and we both ordered the squash soup.  We both had two tablespoons and looked at one another realizing why is this so sweet!  The sweetness was not from the squash but tasted like pure sugar.  We asked the waitress and she said it was the squash so we requested that if she could ask the chef about the sugar.  Yes, there was sugar in the soup, as we suspected.  We returned the soup, as it was not what we expected.  As mentioned, I had the same soup there on several occasions and did not have the sugar reaction.... We went about our meal and when handed the checks (two separate ones), we both noted that they charged us for the soups that were returned untouched except for the two tablespoons.  We requested that the waitress take the charges off and her response was that she needs to check with her manager.  When the manager came over to our table, she said that they would only charge us for one soup?  Our response was why one soup when two soups were sent back.  My friend told her that I was a regular there and had the soup in the past.  Her reply was if you had it before, it is still the same soup. I beg to differ with that comment, as it is possible that the chef or assisant may have accidentally added too much sugar or that the squash may not have been that sweet so the sugar was incorporated.  Disappointed that they cook with sugar....except for desserts or drinks.....To make a long story short, the manager huffed and puffed and came back with new checks without charging for the soups but made the comment "I will do it this time but the next time I will charge you for it".....So I in turn said to her there will not be a next time because you just lost a "regular" customer. (my face was not strange to her, as she knew I was a regular).  She just  walked away.....My friend then excused herself from the table and came back to me stating that she just spoke to the manager and told her that conversation with both her and myself would be in order. The manager, I think her name may be Kristin...not sure, replied well if she wants to speak to me, she should do so!!!  The proper business approach should have been okay  I will go over and speak to the customer......Anyways, I will not be going back there, as this is not the first time I had heard stories about this manager.  She is nasty and has an attitude problem.  The owners should be made aware of her behavior!! So good-bye Northern Spy! Mary Manahattan
