Why I came here: I was in the area and I used my Yelp app to find a highly rated restaurant in close proximity to my location The Food - 5 What we ordered: Sliced Beef and Tripe with Chili Sauce General Tso' Chicken Chongqing Spicy Chicken Taste The food was absolutely delicious and exceeded expectations. Everything had a lot of flavor. The sliced beef and tripe and chongqing spicy chicken had bold, spicy flavors while the General Tso's was sweet and tender. The sauce in the sliced beef was awesome and very unique. Portion Size Portion sizes were very large. We were very hungry and are quite large eaters and ended up taking a lot home with us. All of our entrees were loaded with meat and it was a really good value. Temperature The food was cooked perfectly. Everything came to our table piping hot. Quality of Ingredients & Freshness One thing that really stood out was the high quality of ingredients. Everything tasted very fresh and even common dishes like the General Tsos had an abnormally thick and delicious sauce you won't find at most other places. The Service - 4 The service was great. All of the items we ordered were our waiter's recommendation and we were very happy with his choices. There was a slight language barrier and our waiter was not very personable, however, his recommendations were awesome and he was very attentive - not much to complain about. The Atmosphere - 3 The exterior of the restaurant kind of looks like every other restaurant in and around Chinatown. Likewise, the interior is also pretty standard and cliche (red walls, koi tank etc.) for chinese restaurants. The clothe linens and tablecloths were a nice touch. Everything seemed clean and organized. It was busy when we went but certainly not crowded.  Again there was nothing wrong with the atmosphere, it just was nothing special and/or memorable. Price & Value - 5 I found this place to be a great value. As I mentioned you get large portions of great tasting food for prices that are comparable to, if not a little higher than, your average chinese fare. Final Opinion - 4.25 This was a great experience, the food tastes great, the ingredients are fresh, the portions are large, the service is good and the atmosphere is acceptable. I would recommend this to a friend and will definitely be back.
