Tiny place, might hold 8 or 9 couples. Tight squeeze to sit down anywhere. Decor so-so, music meh. Sat down, and so began the looooongest restaurant experience EVER! I've been at wedding receptions that were quicker. 3 minutes til the waitress even bothered to come over with menus. You ever sat for three minutes waiting for your existence to be acknowledged? 5 more minutes til we got water, which was sloshed around, and the waitress set my wife's glass on top of her butter knife?! 10 minutes after that we got napkins, and ordered. 20 minutes after that we got some rolls and a sloppy refill of water. About ONE FULL HOUR after arriving, our appetizers finally came. I stole a dinner fork from a nearby table because all I had was a dessert fork and there was no way i was gonna wait for the waitress to return again. 45~50 minutes after that, our main course came. Giant plates with tiny tiny servings in the middle, like we were in a movie that makes fun of fancy little places like this. Mine was disappointing, my wife's not too bad but worth the wait or the price. Finished in 20 minutes, waited 30 more minutes for plates to be cleared and desserts to be ordered. 20 minutes after ordering dessert, they came. Delicious! Half an hour after that -- and about 45 minutes after their posted closing time (10pm) -- we got the check. Others diners will still there, eating and chatting. Prix Fixe x 2 = $74, plus tax = $80, plus tip = $92. Leaving, my wife and I laughed at HOW RIDICULOUSLY LONG everything took. We went in at 8:30 and left at nearly 11pm,  seemed like we were there all night, just waiting, waiting, waiting... and chatting. One chef and one waitress was all the staff they had; I don't know if they need more people, or need to prep some of the dishes in advance (the menu is very short and they're only open during dinnertime most days), or what, but for $100 in Brooklyn I expect a really good main course and decent service; our waitress was delivering stuff on the left, on the right, you never knew where she was gonna be, it was impossible to get her attention -- and there was only three or four couple in the place, it wasn't crowded or busy! Oh, and no booze! It's BYOB. On the plus side, my wife and i had plenty of time to talk. To sum up: costs too much, tastes too average, service too slow.
