We stumbled upon Wafa's by mistake, when my hubby and I took a nice long Sunday walk in our Queens neighborhood.  While we were strolling on Metropolitan Avenue debating on where to eat, Ruds spotted a "mediterranean" sign and we decided to give it a shot. From the exterior, it looks like a casual establishment.  It's a tiny joint, with a couple of tables outside.  Once you enter though, there's a certain charm to the place.  Maybe it's Wafa's (the owner) warm smile welcoming you to her new eatery or the fact that once you're sitting down at one of the two tables, you'll feel like you're in Wafa's kitchen, telling her what you're in the mood for. We were certainly in the mood to chow down.  We ordered some hummus, a falafel and a lamb shawerma.  The hummus ($5) was delish.  It's fresh and has a homemade taste (nothing like the one I get at the supermarket, this is superior stuff).  I ordered the lamb shawerma ($7.95) because I wanted to be adventurous.  I figured, it's my first time trying lebanese food, so might as well try something new.  It's a pita sandwich with lamb, lettuce, tomato and tahini sauce.  The lamb was seasoned differently from what I've had in the past...almost like a minty flavor.  It was okay, but certainly not my favorite.  The falafel though...will NOT disappoint you.  It was so good...I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.  This falafel is presented more like a pita wrap...with just the right amount of salad, fried balls of chick peas, spices and pickles...at the right price ($5).  FYI- if you don't like it spicy, consider ordering the hot sauce on the side.  Otherwise, if you're like me, who ocassionally likes to feel my mouth on fire, then go for it. Finally, we had the Baklava.  I'm not a big fan of this crispy dessert...it's normally too sweet for my taste...but Wafa's was absolutely yummy.  It wasn't overly sugary.  It was simply perfect. Overall, I highly recommend this hidden gem.  Wafa's recipes, passed down from her mother, are a real treat.  It's tasty, cheap and homey.  Wafa, which means faithful in lebanese, will make you keep coming back...again and again. -Gloria girlynetwork.typepad.com
