I went to this restaurant with my cousin who frequents this establishment. It is a great place to eat and relax. I enjoyed the delicious food and wine. The restaurant is dimly lit and it has big windows. It has beautiful dark wood throughout the restaurant. I like the small candles at the bar and tables. The flowers on the table and bar area added a nice touch as well. The spacing between the seats is a little tight however it is cool. My cousin and I were discussing a book and the table next to us read the same book. All four of us had a nice conversation.There is seating by the windows and it is cool to see the neighborhood. You can sit by the window and feel the nightly breeze on your skin. There is also seating at the bar which is great as well. This restaurant could have been in an episode of Sex and The City. I could see Carrie Bradshaw having brunch here to work on her column or the ladies getting together to gossip.   We were attended by Devon and Carter. Devon is awesome and friendly. He made me feel really welcomed. Carter was nice and he selected a great wine for me. I do not recall the name however it smelled like a sweet fragrance. We had an appetizer that consisted of bread, cheeses and various meats which was excellent. My cousin had the meat and mozzarrella pizza that was delicious. I had the chicken breast salad and it was good. The food was fresh and amazing. For dessert, my cousin had the apple tart with cinnamon ice cream. I never had a dessert like this and I was pleasantly surprised. Overrall, I was very pleased with my dining experience at Grape and Grain. This place can handle all your needs whether you are having a dining experience with a group of friends or one friend. This place looks great for couples especially first dates. The vibe is cool and the prices are reasonable. I look forward coming here again. Also, the bathroom is very clean. I was surprised that I didn't have to look out for "droplets" on the toilet seat. Not only is Grape and Grain a cool place to chill but it is very clean as well. Please check this place out because you will have a good time!!
