I had a friend and his girlfriend head into town for his birthday. He read about this place a couple weeks prior and requested we try it out to celebrate. I hesitate to dole out a perfect score, but I truly cannot tell you one thing I would have changed about our experience. They do not take reservations. We arrived at around 8:00pm on Friday night, and were seated by just after 10:00pm. Long wait, but the hostess took our name and phone number so we could go drink at the surrounding bars, and we were texted when our table was ready (which happened to be exactly when she projected it would be). APPS: We began with the artichokes and the tomato with basil and burrata. Artichoke portion was small, but I felt appropriately so. And both were phenomenal.   ENTREE: I got the monster prawns while the other three got the hanger steak. The prawns were truly monster and incredibly tender/flavorful. But the steak - THE STEAK - was out of this world. I'm not the biggest red meat eater, thus my choice of entree. But when I go back, I'll be ordering the steak - mark my words. SIDES: Pan fried garlic & truffle oil mashed potatoes, cauliflower, and scorched shishito peppers. All great, no complaints here. DESSERT: Lemon cheesecake with blueberry compote. Light but rich, tart but sweet. Perfection. We also ordered a bottle of red (sorry, not sure which, we let the birthday day boy choose), and I got a glass of white from their wine tap. Mine was very crisp, acidic, and great with the prawns, as promised by our server. COST: Four people, 2 apps, 4 entrees, 3 sides, 1 dessert, 1 bottle of wine, 1 glass of wine. Just under $200.00. I generally maintain a strict budget when dining out, so this was a rare night of splurging for me. However... I would have paid another $100. Truly. SERVICE: The hostess was slightly offstandish upon our arrival, which is never okay, as she is the first impression clients get as they walk through that door. But in her defense, the line of wide-eyed, ravenous, drooly patrons was impressively long. Nonetheless she performed her job efficiently, and she perked up as the line dwindled. Our server was not only pleasant and knowledgeable, he was helpful without becoming an imposition. We were never wanting for anything, and never pestered by his service. As I told my coworkers the following Monday - this may be the best meal I've had in NYC.
