We decided to order in tonight from Allmenus.com and noticed this place was new. We love trying out new places, and Jeera did not disappoint. When we order Thai food in the future, it will be from here!! We ordered: - Thai Chicken Lemongrass: my fiance enjoyed this, especially the chicken. - Pad Ka Prow with vegetables: the spiciness was perfect, the sweet basil flavor balanced against the salt and spice is amazing and the portion size is generous. Honestly it's exactly what I wanted - I was looking for a delicious dish of vegetables, and this was just the right thing. - Thai Coconut soup: my fiance says it was delicious, hearty enough to be a meal in itself. Lovely creamy flavor. - Jeera Soup: I was struck by the hint of tart sweetness in the broth - lemongrass is a lovely flavor in a mushroom broth. I sipped it like tea. :) - Mango with Coconut Sticky Rice: I had this once at a place in Syracuse, NY and loved it. Jeera's is an improvement! Delicious dish with sweet coconut rice and beautifully ripe mangoes, but they put toasted sesame seeds on top of the rice. I don't know why this is so magic, but it made the dish for me. It's awesome. - Side item that came with: I don't know its name, and it might sound weird the way I write it, but it was really interesting and delicious. It's a pudding-like gel of tapioca beads, sweet corn kernels and black beans with sweet coconut milk layered on top. It's this odd perfect mix of savory and sweet that's really enjoyable as a palette cleanser. - Thai Iced Tea: my fiance enjoyed it very much - it's a pleasing orange color, almost like milky carrot juice (but it doesn't taste like that, of course). I was really excited about the little things - the toasted sesame seeds on the coconut sticky rice, the super high quality whole grain red rice, the perfect ripeness of the mangoes, the perfect heat of my dish. I'm really happy to see yam noodles offered (Miracle Noodles dishes) - they're a nice low calorie way to enjoy a great Thai dish. The menu in general is very interesting and a clear step up from a lot of Thai places I've been to. Looking forward to trying the Bangkok Stir fry and Yam Coconut Custard with Purple Sticky Rice next time!
