been here a few times, and each time i go, i like it less. i think yesterday was the last straw. here's the good part about Local 44: they have excellent, quaffable beers.  hard-to-find beers that have been culled from all corners to provide a curated-beer experience.  not many places can offer that in West Philly. now the bad: the crowd.  basically what has already been said.  a mixture of the smarmiest students UPenn has to offer, a few neighborhood hipsters, and many, many yuppie couples talking about home remodeling.  you can, however, mostly avoid this by going in the early afternoon, when it's a bit quieter. the food.  truly awful.  i've worked my way through about half of the menu, and it's terrible, not only for a Belgian-style beer spot, but even for a dive bar serving the greasiest pub food (and trust me, that would be preferable).   not even the fries come close.  disclaimer: i  haven't had the hamburger, which some folks swear by, but if it's like anything else . . . yikes.   the no-sample policy.  here's one i wasn't aware of until yesterday.  having ordered probably close to 40-50 beers here, i wanted to try a new one.  i asked the bartender if i could try one of the pours, and she told me that they "don't do samples."  really?  here's a clue: you're a place specializing in obscure artisinal/microregional drinks.  not everyone's going to know how to parse the pithy 2-word descriptions into a realistic understanding of how the thing actually tastes.  and you're expecting them to pony up $7-12 for aforesaid beverage?  these aren't beers one has to "open," mind you.  these are keg- or cask-pours.  all i need is a 1/2oz., hell, even a 1/4oz. sample.  trust me, if i like it, i'll be buying 2 or 3 pints.  i've worked at two bars very similar to Local 44's apparent style, and sampling was a matter of business.  it INCREASED business.  i've also worked at high-end delis and cheese shops where we sampled $50-per-pound items all the time.  that's just what you do.   it's a smart model.  it's a no-brainer. what a stupid policy. i will not be returning.
