Bad news Bushwick brunch-heads. 983 blows. I'm seriously disappointed in "Bushwick's Living Room", to the point where I don't think I'll be going back any time soon. My first issue: we asked for whole milk with our coffee. They brought out those little coffee creamers that you get in diners. Frankly, I was offended at this cost-reducing change the new owners implemented. This is north Brooklyn, bro. Gimme a big thing of whole milk on the side of my iced coffee or get out. Also, with my toast they plopped a little packet of diner jelly on the side.. Cheap, and makes me feel like the owner's don't care about their customers. Second issue: Their tofu scramble. I used to eat Life's scramble every weekend. I've had 983's scramble twice now, and each time it was deplorable. Just really bland, like they just threw the ingredients together. I could make something better at home, and for half the price. Third issue: Again, my friend ordered eggs benedict and it came with hollandaise and sriracha sauce. Okay, cool, a nice and balanced, maybe seasoned, hollandaise/sriracha mixture sounds intriguing. Oh, wait. All they do is dump your brunch in hollandaise (no complaints) and then drizzle sriracha on top. The result tastes gross. It's also just lazy on their behalf, in my opinion. All in all, the new owner's seem to think they can get away with cutting costs and being lazy. Unfortunately, it's all too apparent to me and the people I've brunched with at 983 that there is NO love in the place anymore. Pour one out for Life Cafe.... :( EDIT: I take back much of what I said before. the coffee creamer/jelly situation was a temporary one day thing. More over, they've only been open as 983 for a month, that explains the quirks like the gnarly tofu scramble I had. I ordered a veggie burger, vegan, tonight for dinner and when it came with some non vegan ingredients on it, I called the owner and told him how I was feeling about the new place. He was so genuine, so kind, and happy to hear my feedback. He kindly sent me another veggie burger, and a note apologizing. That extra effort makes me feel like a valued customer and I will definitely be going back this weekend for brunch, this time with a new mindset!
