We chose Elixir over Tip Top after reading mixed reviews on the latter, and consistently favorable 4- to 5-star ratings of Elixir. This was our first trip to WRJ for dinner and a show at Tupelo. After being doled out one thin slice of nicely chewy, fresh French bread each (one piece? really?), we received our bacon-wrapped stuffed figs with arugula. The bacon was crispy, the figs hot, and the balsamic reduction delicious though used a bit too liberally on the greens for my taste. My companion chose the braised beef short-rib over mashed potatoes and I selected chicken thighs with white bean puree. I was looking for something savory and hearty, but not so heavy as filet or short rib. The limited menu didn't give us many choices, and our server never mentioned any specials nor did she mention the vegetarian selection du jour. I almost never order chicken at restaurants because we eat it frequently at home, but this dish sounded comforting and savory. I found the boneless thighs to be bland, with flaccid skin and little seasoning or interest. The stuffing was negligible. The bean puree -- I was thinking a silky bed under the thighs -- was beige and pasty dry, flavored with sage. The short rib, in contrast, was tender, rich and savory over creamy potatoes. Our pistachio-chocolate napoleon dessert was chewy, chocolaty thin brownie-like slabs layered with small dollops of bland pistachio-green cream. We didn't eat it all. The service overall was okay but fairly indifferent. The owner at one point was engaged directly behind us in a defensive exchange with a gentleman from a party of 6 trying to make a 7:30 show at Northern Stage, who did not receive their entrees until 7:15. The voice we heard loudest was the (male) owner, who overall seemed to be not really excited to be engaged with any of his patrons that evening. Overall, we were disappointed with Elixir based on the glowing reviews. We are frequent diners in and around Chittenden County, and this spot does not measure up in terms of overall quality and value of the experience.
