My boyfriend and I decided to try out PYT after hearing great things about their food. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon and waited a few minutes to speak with the hostess. She sat a couple down and before asking us where we would like to sit, she proceeded to have a quick chat on her phone - VERY UNPROFESSIONAL (in my opinion). She then came up and asked us where we wanted to sit, we chose to sit inside and she told us that "A table of people just left and after 5 minutes, I'll seat you. You can both sit at the bar and wait". Once we sat at the bar, the bartender asked us if we wanted anything and we declined, stating that "we would be sitting at a table in a few minutes". Five minutes came and passed, ten minutes came and passed. The bartender then came back to us and asked us if we would like to see the menu while we waited. We accepted and started looking over what we wanted to order. As we sat there, the hostess came in with a group of girls and proceeded to seat them - as we still waited! My boyfriend was furious and wanted to tell the hostess a few things about herself but I told him to just relax because it was not worth it. We called the bartender and asked her if she could take our order. She was very polite about it and took our order. While waiting, my boyfriend got a Corona and I ordered a "peanutbutterchocolatebanana" milkshake. After about five minutes, I got my milkshake and boy, was the rum pretty strong - I'm not a big drinker but if you are, you might enjoy it. Overall, it was pretty good and next time, I think I'll skip the rum. Five or so minutes later, we got our food. We both had ordered the basic "PYT burger" because it was our first time there. We order them medium well and that's how they came, so that was a plus. Overall, the burger was just okay, they seemed to be missing some seasoning. The chips they came with were good, my boyfriend enjoyed them more than I did. The beer battered onion rings were pretty delicious and I enjoyed the fact that they were not heavily battered which allowed us to enjoy both the sweetness of the onion and the flavor of the batter. When we received our check, my boyfriend left the bartender a generous tip because her nice demeanor and care for us made the experience a little more enjoyable than had she been just like her coworker. Next time, we're going straight to the bar and hopefully that nice bartender will be there to take care of us again.
