I've been to Vivo tapas lounge many times and I am def. a fan!! One thing i noticed right away and loved was that there is a parking lot! It's right on Jackson st. They have a huge sign you cant miss it,and it's seriously not even a block away from Vivo. I've Been there for dinner and it was spectacular! It doesn't matter if your staving for a nice big meal or if you just want to pick at something small their menu has a beautiful selection to fill any of your desires. They have Tapas which is basically like an appetizer. I highly recommend the pulpo, garlic shrimp, devil mini sausages, and the apple cheese salad. They have hot and cold tapas they are great to start off with or you can order many different tapas instead of ordering just one meal and still leave with a full satisfied stomach. If your looking for a nice hot meal they have a fantastic selection as well from fresh fish ( i had the salmon and shrimp WOW!! amazing) to chicken ( Chicken in white wine sauce with shrimp My boyfriend loved it!!) to Steak ( filet mignon melts in your mouth!) Their pasta's are great too my friends had the lobster ravioli in pink sauce and chicken Alfredo they loved it!  My sister had the paella she's been to spain before and says this has to be the best place in newark for paella!! Highley recommend the paella! The service is good. They are very pleasant and know their menu so don't hesitate to ask questions, but their menu describes everything really well which was another thing i liked. They also have a bakery next door so you have so much to choose from but i highly highly recommend the Flan with the Dulce DE Leche, and the Creme Brulee AMAZING!! Over all my experience with the restaurant was Great!! Everything was fresh, full of flavor, and the place is just beautiful makes you feel like ur in Europe!! We were so pleased with dinner that we stayed for the lounge. The music was great it was Friday night its mash ups they played everything so everyone was pleased. the bar is so huge that you don't have a problem getting drinks. The bartenders are very beautiful and friendly and i was very pleased with the service! Loved my mojito!! :) It was a nice crowd i would say 25 and up and very well dressed! No Fights which is a plus. They're open tue-sunday for dinner and lounge. Overall I had a great dinner and night without going broke!! Def. making this a spot to visit when coming to Newark. Keep it up!! I VIVO!!!
