Worst experience i have ever had!!!!!! Delivery guy was disorganized, took $50 dollars from my fiance  then went to get the soda and said that he cant break change in a broken- English. so he took money from Confused on what was going on my fiance gave him ANOTHER $20. gave $15 dollars back instead of 35. So confused and rushing we did not realize what had happen till the next morning. They did not answer the phone at 11am when it "says" there open, took 45 minutes to call them. He left a message and the guy never called back. 20 minutes later we called again and my fiance finally got a hold of someone, but they hung up in this face when he asked if he got the message all he got was " no... click". So called back and he took info down said call back (never did). So they guy "scott" said he call the manager and driver at this time to figure it out. Ten minutes later the driver(that speaks another type of English) starts to get aggressive with him while his 5 year old was in the other room(real nice by the way). So he changed his story 3 times while talking to him, and then finally leaves. So we called back like "scott" said to do at 3. and the "manager" saying there too busy and we are lying anyway to leave him alone and he doesn't care, and to call the cops because he refuses to do anything. The manager name is Ien, and we says he "talked" to his driver. so to fallow a police report we would need to drivers name which he couldn't not provide because "he didn't know who the driver was. So upset that i lost 20 dollars because someone cant be truthful about 20 dollars, and the manager being a ass. I wrote this to let everyone know that they don't give a fuck if someone doesn't know how to count and confused customers it "doesn't bother his business is the words manager said.  It's 3 days before Christmas and i am down $20 because in there words "they don't have time and they don't care" ....   this was also my first time ordering from these people, and NEVER AGAIN and there General Tso was WAY over cooked.
