Every time I go to a Japanese restaurant I feel like I am undergoing a beautiful ceremony that is so meticulously prepared it resembles more of an art than a chore. Everything from the decor to the service to the staff has always left me satisfied. That said, I have no problem waiting for a bowl of ramen, especially somewhere as reputable as Ippudo. During my college days, it was a treat to go to down to the Lower East Side and wait four hours for a table at Ippudo. Nowadays, there is an Ippudo in Midtown West. My experience at Ippudo was unbelievable. The food was mediocre and the service was just despicable. Actually- despicable is an understatement. The service was abhorrent. My party and I ordered 2 orders of pork buns and 1 order of mushroom buns. Our waitress delivered 6 pork buns to our table. Before she left, she assured us that the mushroom buns were on their way, leading us to believe that there were 3 buns to 1 order. At the end of our meal, when we inquire about our pork buns again, she has the audacity to come say that she already brought us 3 orders of buns and that if we wanted mushroom buns we could very well order them. Now friends, in any other restaurant, wouldn't you expect the waitress at fault to enthusiastically replace your order and rectify her mistake? I sure did. But not only did she deliver that message is a nasty manner, her manager added, "Can't you read the menu? Each order comes with 2 buns". They refused to correct themselves. Does anyone think this is acceptable? I waited in line for 2 hours for a bowl of unexceptional ramen and to try their new mushroom buns. At the end of the meal, I do not receive what I paid for and I am thoroughly disrespected by every level of their staff. And friends, just to be clear, the issue at hand is not even about the fact that the manager refused to replace our order, but the principle that Ippudo believes their long lines warrant them to treat their customers like dirt. The pork buns may taste good but the service ruins it all. Totto ramen is just one block up the street guys-- do not waste your time here.
