Serving up fresh all-beef patties "West-Coast" style, PYT at The Piazza in Northern Liberties is the hamburger haven of Philadelphia. Located in trendy Northern Liberties, PYT features an outdoor patio with seating in the warmer months with everything from plush, brightly-colored couches to aluminum picnic tables. Getting a table is a bit of a free-for-all, but reservations are accepted. Like seating, service can be a little scarce at times - we waited about 10 minutes at a table for a server to bring us menus. PYT's menu consists of mostly burgers, but they do also offer Vegetarian burgers (which I didn't try, but I was told the veggie-patties were made fresh in their kitchen daily) as well as salads and chicken sandwiches. Their burger offerings included a range of combinations and flavors from "The Classic" ($8) served with bacon, cheddar and all the toppings to their "Burger of the Week" ($10-$14) featuring new and sometimes exotic creations every week. Famous "Burgers of the Week" have included the "Krispy Kreme" burger - a double cheese burger served between two Krispy Kreme doughnuts and filled with 2 strips of chocolate covered bacon, the French Onion Gruyeur Burger and a Veal Parmesan Burger. As enticing as these options seemed, I settled for "The Fat Boy Monster" ($13) - two beef patties, each topped with sharp cheddar and crispy bacon, three onion rings, lettuce, tomatoes and "special sauce." While PYT is known for its fresh burgers, their menu also features a rare treat - Adult Milkshakes. For those of you who are not familiar with this concoction, it is the heavenly combination of a traditional ice cream milk shake and flavored alcohol - the perfect compliment to a PYT burger. Creative names give way to delicious mixtures like the Juan Valdez - chocolate ice cream with Kahlua and Patron Cafe XO, and the Caucasian - vanilla ice cream blended with vanilla vodka and Kahlua. The Peanutbutterchocolatebanana milkshake with Chocolate ice cream, banana liquer, rum and peanut butter seemed like the perfect caloric accompaniment to my Fat Boy, so I indulged. All adult shakes are priced at $10 and come topped with whipped cream, sprinkles and a cherry. The price is reasonable for a fairly large serving, not quite enough for two to share, but more than enough for one. If you aren't interested in the combination of milkshakes and alcohol, PYT does offer them separately with non-alcoholic milkshakes ($5), a full bar and an impressive craft beer list to accompany your burger. Our milkshakes came before the food, but we didn't really mind. The milkshakes were smooth and creamy with just enough alcohol to enjoy, but not overpowering. They tasted exactly as you would imagine a milkshake with alcohol to taste, delicious. It was only a short while until our hamburgers came out. The burgers were, by all standards, excellent. The patties were cooked exactly to our request and the toppings were generous, yet manageable. It was a over-sized burger better suited for a fork and knife rather than just my average-sized hands, but in the American backyard BBQ tradition, I dug in with both hands (I suggest using your dominant hand to control the tremendous patties and your non-dominant hand to corral your toppings). Their "Hall of Fame" burgers come with fresh-cut, seasoned french fries and a deli pickle. The waiter informed us that the patties are purchased as fresh ground beef from a local butcher and hand formed in PYT's kitchen every day. A fresh and locally-focussed practice that makes all the difference in creating these beefed-up burgers. Desserts are seasonal and were available but we decided that our milkshakes satisfied our sweet-tooth's craving. With dinner, drinks, tax and tip for below-$50, PYT is a rare combination of quality food and affordable price that creates a real value with college students or professionals looking for some inexpensive jumbo burgers, a fun colorful environment and the location of the newly renovated Piazza. PYT is suitable for a drink or a date, and for our dog-owners, (leashed) pooches are welcome! The Bottom Line: Going to PYT is like going to a hipster backyard barbecue, with service that can sometimes match, but it is a great spot for some of the best burgers and "adult milkshakes" Philly has to offer, if you have the time to wait. Lunch and dinner hours can be very busy, particularly on warm summer nights when the patio is open, so be sure to clear some time from your schedule to sit down and enjoy (responsibly!)
