I was very excited to try Local 44 when I heard about it, but sadly I had a bad experience because my group was asked to leave our table after finishing our food. First the good news: The selection was phenomenal, with about 15 drafts plus a couple on cask. Everything I tried was delicious. It was Philly Beer Week, so perhaps they pulled out all the stops, but it seems they always keep a great line-up of drafts. Although the beer was clearly the main event, the food complemented it well. It was a nice selection of pub fare, very tasty, and reasonably priced. Then the bad news: Our server was wonderful, but the owner asked us to "finish our drinks at the bar" once we had finished our food. The bar was too crowded to comfortably accommodate our party of five so, in effect, the owner asked us to leave. To be fair, at least one other party was waiting for a table. But I have never before been asked to leave a restaurant or bar, and I found it to be particularly offensive in this case for the following reasons: - All but one in our party did order pub fare, and we were asked to leave very soon after finishing it - All five of us were consuming and continuing to order beers (in fact, we canceled our pending orders when asked to leave) - It was Philly Beer Week during an advertised beer event - The menu begins with and is dominated by beer, not food - Local 44 advertises itself as a "Beer Bar," not a restaurant (Website, local44beerbar.com, says "Local 44 is a neighborhood beer joint.") Because of the clear focus on beer, I was most surprised and disappointed to find that the owner will only allow a table to be used during such time as its occupants are ordering or consuming the pub fare. The Bottom Line: Local 44 has a wonderful concept, but I was both frustrated and disappointed by my experience there. It seems like a great place to enjoy good company and potables, and the beer is fantastic, but if I can have a table only at the risk of being ejected when the next party shows up, then I'll choose to take my business elsewhere.
