I visited this restaurant to place a to-go order and encountered a problem that shook me to my bones. The staff at the door were nice and polite and directed me to the bar where I ordered a Margarita while waiting for my order.  I received my drink and it wasn't bad. In fact, my food came out rather quickly and I decided to have another margarita -- that's when things took a turn for the worst. One of 2 bartenders - her name was "Jaz" made my drink, and after having finished my drink-- at least 10 minutes passed and no one bothered to come by to ask how was my drink, suggest another, or offer desert.  Neither bartender did.  If you're sitting at the bar, one would think, they would be more attentive to ensure drinks were filled. -- Boy was I wrong for thinking such a thing! So I waited until I could catch "jaz" walking by, and I sated,,, "Miss, I I've been waiting here for at least 10-15 minutes after my drink was finished, and no one came by to ask me if I wanted another or anything."  "Jaz" didn't say a word, she reached over, grabbed my signed check, balled it up and stormed away. I mean, she actually STORMED away, WITHOUT SAYING A WORD!  She moved from behind the bar and as she went through the kitchen door,,, stated to me, "I don't like how you're treating me!"  (Since when did wanting a bartender to ask a patron for another drink equal mistreatment?) It gets better -- I asked for the manager.  Her name is Erin and , I explained what happened and simply asked for an apology from her bartender....  Her reply to me was,,, "let's just call it a draw."  What??  Erin attempted to apologize and I interjected... "it was not your fault, and the apology should come from her (Jaz)". I have never seen a bartender or server IN ANY RESTAURANT act like that, when a request for a  second drink was overlooked. Erin stated that she didn't feel comfortable asking "jaz" to apologize.  I'm thinking, WHAT??!! After I mentioned to her, that's a manager, she must know that she has an obligation to try to find out what happened, by getting both sides of the story -- But that was not an option with Erin. I then  asked Erin, what would she have done if "Jaz" threw a glass and hit me with it?" Erin told me, she would only reprimand her.  That was a very good indication to me that ,,customers visiting and having a small problem at the Mexicali, should not feel confident that management will at least attempt to get both sides of a conflict... and settle the matter professionally and equitably.  Poor training of employees and and even worse managerial skills are running rampat from these two employees at the Mexicali. Bottom Line, I returned my  food, asked for my money back ,and recommend that patrons choose another place that knows how to treat their customers. The bartender, could have simply said" I didn't realize you needed another drink, what can I get you?" Instead of making a dramatic scene like a SPOILED BRAT and having her manager "friend" protect her when she was clearly out of order and overreacted to a simple customer comment/request. To make matters worst, I asked for the restaurant's website to provide some feedback..  They have the small "contact us" envelope on the main page, but if you "click" on it, it won't forward you to any page to leave comments. In fact, it says, the email function doesn't work.  (I'm not surprised) If the owner Nick reads this.... I hear you only come in on Thursdays.... Nick, you may want to read Yelp more often -- Or why not drive by or visit sometime to see in-person your restaurant staff chase customers away. Mexicali Grill and Cantina -- NEVER AGAIN!
