I grew up in West Hartford, so there's a special place in my heart for A.C. Petersen's.  It has been an icon in town since the early '40s!  The original restaurant closed down some years back.  After being vacant for awhile, it  was purchased and reopened by one of the waitresses ad her husband.  Let's get this straight: I really, really, really want this place to do well.  However... AMBIANCE: 'D' My main criticism is the overall vibe and feel of the restaurant, which seems to suffer from an identity crisis.  The European bistro-style colors and cafe prints in the dining room contrast sharply with its formica & vinyl booths (and also with its 'burgers-and-fries' menu).  Are we supposed to be in a French cafe or an ice cream bar in the good ol' USA?  The owners should really build on the restaurant's history.  There are some neat old framed photos of the business, but they're located next to the restrooms and in the kitchen.  These should be prominently displayed near the entrance and in the dining room, perhaps with some other historic photos of West Hartford.  Building a relationship with the community is really important for this type of restaurant.  Remember, this is a 40s/50s diary bar / lunchenette!  Some music, or even a retro-jukebox would be great! CLEANLINESS: 'A' The restaurant is super-clean. FOOD: 'C-' The menu is spot-on for their target market (families with children).  They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and there's a decent selection for all tastes. Small portions, however, and spotty food preparation. - ICE CREAM Super ice cream!  What else can you say? - BREAKFAST Decent portions and generally well-prepared.  The pancakes (huge!), however, are tough... probably the result of over-mixing the batter.   - LUNCH/DINNER Small portions (hey. potatoes are cheap!).  My hamburger is ALWAYS overcooked, even though I request that it be cooked 'medium'.   In this type of restaurant, THE HAMBURGERS NEED TO BE THE STAR.... after all, they are the staple of any luncheonette.  The burgers are also very small for the price.  Fried items are not always cooked all the way through, and sometimes taste of raw batter.  The soups are unremarkable.  Too bad.... a really good chicken noodle soup would really be a good everday menu item!   Entrees are also unremarkable and bland.  The mashed potatoes appear to be boxed flakes (which is ok, but season them so they at least taste like something) prepared with water instead of milk.  The salads lack pizzaz. SERVICE/STAFF 'C' It looks as if the restaurant is run by amateurs, and the cooks and waitstaff seem to have a perpetual confused look on their face when it gets busy.  The waitresses are friendly, however.  I'm not sure if the owners really get too involved in the daily operations of the restaurant.   PRICES - 'D' I don't mind paying higher prices if the food warrants it.  In this case, it doesn't, especially considering the small portions and spotty quality. OVERALL 'C-' Just ok.  The ice cream absolutely saves A. C. Petersen's, I just hope the owners make some changes soon.  I'm surprised they've lasted this long in a down economy.  If it weren't for my 6 year-old who loves A.C. Petersen's, I wouldn't go back.  These are all easy fixes, however.
