I recently had the unfortunate experience of dining at Basta located on Chapel Street in New Haven. Two friends took me out for my Birthday in early September. They asked me what type of food I would like to have and I told them Italian. They made a reservation at Basta at 6:30 PM on a monday evening. We arrived at Basta promptly at 6:30 PM and were seated and handed menus. Although the restaurant was not very busy, we sat at our table for a half hour before the hostess finally asked us if we had been waited on yet. We told her that we hadn't been waited on at that point and she sent one of two waiters to our table. We ordered two drinks and two appertizers. The drinks came about 20 minutes later and the two appertizers showed up about thirty minutes after that! The appertizers that we ordered were a clam dish and a fried calamari dish.When I asked the hostess where our appetizers were and she informed me that the kitchen had to change the frying oil to make sure that the calamari were properly cooked. In fifty years of dinning out (and by the way I come from a restaurant family) I have never heard of a kitchen changing frying oils in the middle of dinner service. This is extremely poor preparation on the part of the kitchen.To say that the appertizers were disappointing would be an understatement. Both dishes were over cooked and not 'very appetizing'. The fried calamari was actually burned and was as tough as rubber.     After being served these highly disappointing, and I might add expensive appetizers, we were ready for our main courses. Again, we waited for what seemed like an eternity for our main courses. When I asked the hostess where our main courses were, she replied, with a great deal of attitude, that because everything was prepared 'fresh' (a statement that I seriously doubt) it takes time to prepare. I would have thought that the kitchen would have started to prepare our main courses the minute that our appetizers were completed. I pointed out to the hostess that four or five tables that had been seated after us and were finished and gone before we were served our appetizers.     Ok, even though the service was extremely slow and bad and the appertizers were dreadful to say the least, I still had hoped that the evening could be saved with our main courses. But, alas, even the main courses were dreadful. One of the main courses was a seafood dish over pasta. The seafood certainly was not freah and the dish was tasteless. A second dish, some sort of chicken dish was barely edible. The chicken was way over-done and certainly should not have been served. Our third dish was a Ceasar salad which was barely passable. I am not even sure how one can screw-up a salard!     All in all, the two and one half hour experience at Basta was a diaster. Not an experience one wants to have on their birthday.The service was extremely poor and slow to say the least. The food, despite its extremely high price was just plain horrible and unacceptable. In all the years that I have dined out, I have never had such a bad experience where I felt compelled to write a letter to a restaurant owners. In this case I made an exception and wrote a very long letter to the owners which they have failed to even acknowledge. I would think if one owns a restaurant such as this and one got even one complaint, as an owner I would at the very least acknowledge the letter and try to apologize for such a dismal experience. I guess the owners do not care what their customers think or what horrible fare they serve. A very poor business decision to say the least. One can only hope that this place goes out of business soon.     Over the past three weeks I have told all my friends to avoid this place like the plague. It is obvious that the owners don't care if the service they provide is poor and if the food they serve is extremely bad. I would recommend to all to avoid Basta. There are too many good to excellant restaurants in New Haven to be 'stiffed' by a place such as this. The owners would be better off to open a hamburger joint then to try to pass Bastas off as a high end Italian eatery. AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!
