After an exhausting afternoon of the Paramus Mall with my wife and two daughters, I had a craving for PIZZA!  I mean GREAT pizza!  Driving back South on the Parkway to Linden, I remembered many people and many stories about the Star Tavern in Orange, NJ and how great the pizza was.  I had to convince my three companions to skip our usual and reliable and BEST pizza in NJ, The Linwood Inn, and give the Star a try. I was amazed upon entering on the size of the dining room / bar area and the amount of people in the place.  It was small.  Bustling.  People knocking into you every other second with "excuse me" out of every ones mouth.  The line to be seated stretched to the back of the joint.  My wife, knowing my impatience, right away suggested that we leave and continue on to the Linwood.  She was amazed when I suggested we stay because, "that we have come this far", "everyone raves about the place", so "let's try it."  So we did. After about 30 minutes of waiting in line, we were seated. I always order a "plain" pie to get the real, true taste of the pizza.  Not weighed down by any toppings or anything that can take away from the true pizza taste.  I also ordered the Eggplant pie to satisfy everyone's taste. (And a pint of Budweiser for $4.50)  We also ordered a "house salad" and some Buffalo Wings.  The salad came out minutes later with paper plates.  The wings followed about 15 minutes later.  That was followed by the Eggplant pizza 10 minutes later then last but not least the plain pie (that it so raved upon) came out about 20 minutes later. (with some more paper plates) The gap between wings and last pie was about 45 minutes.  Now that's OK.  I understand the place is jumping.  I have no problem waiting for QUALITY FOOD.  The Eggplant pie was burnt and strong of garlic.  Eggplant was very greasy.  All in all, flavorless.  (Except for the taste of garlic of course.)  The plain pie was limp and greasy.  Again, no flavor.  I kept wondering as people made their way in and out of this place, "what were they thinking?"  "Are there no other eateries around?"  This place was terrible.  Pizza was barely edible. I kept telling myself that these people are getting ripped off!  All this while seated in a cramped table getting knocked around like a pinball by all the people mulling around. There is absolutely NOTHING special about this place.  It was a waste of my time and money to venture there.  This was one of those times where I should have listened to my wife and went to the place we know is best. Don't bother! Sorry Star... One and done for you!
