My pregnant wife and I wanted to go out for a nice dinner on 10/23/10.  We decided to try Nicola's and pulled up and was informed we would have to wait 30-45 minutes.  After an hour and 20 minutes (80 mins) we finally had a table.  That was after all of JoAnne's friends came in and got a seat before us.  I guess if you know the owner you don't have to wait.  That's great customer service if you ask me.  I really can't understand why people are waiting to eat there.  This was my first time and I figured if this place is mobbed it must be good.  Boy was I upset.  I have eaten at many of the finer establishments in northern New Jersey and I know what it takes to run a good restaurant.  Joanne, the hostess, and the entire staff get an "F" from me.  I am not just upset at the customer service but to wait that long and have mediocre food at a high price doesn't sit well with me. When we finally sat down it took over 10 minutes for someone to open my bottle of wine.  My wife was obviously not drinking (pregnant) so she was just waiting on a piece of bread because she was starving because of the wait.  The bread finally came out and we attacked it like wild bears.  We started off with fried calamari which was a good portion but very chewy.  It is not the frozen kind but they just didn't fry it enough.  We then ordered a ceasar salad for the two of us which was fine.  Unfortunately our dinners were nothing to cheer about.  I had shrimp scampi with risotto.  I don't mean this in a bad way but if they would have told me the ordered this from the Chinese take-out down the block and squirted lemon it I would have understood.  My wife had veal florentine with crabmeat.  The veal was soft but the crabmeat was nothing more then a bunch of breadcrumbs with butter and oil.   I am not from the Totowa area but the only conclusion I could make is some people don't travel to eat at good places.  I think its the locals that keep them in business because outsiders like my wife and I won't be back.  It wouldn't surprise me if Gordon Ramsey is knocking on their door within the next year to shoot his next episode of "Kitchen Nightmares".   If you want to be treated as if you don't exist,  wait over an hour for a table when you were told it would be 30 minutes, eat an "ok" meal at best, and spend $60 (includes tip) Nicola's is the right place for you.  I can assure you I won't be back ever again!
