I had to create a YELP account (after living and eating Williamsburg for 5 years) just to love on Beehive Oven in the public sphere.  My boyfriend and I had the most wonderful meal here at Happy Hour today (a Wednesday). We ordered: A. Jezebel Wings with Buttermilk Dressing appetizer They are three very big (jumbo) wings that are fried to perfection and covered with the yummiest sweet and hot Jezebel sauce (almost like a chutney)...unbelievably tasty! B. Fried Green Tomatoes with Remoulade appetizer: I wanted to have these and watermelon lemonade on a porch every afternoon for the rest of my life while watching a little bird come down the walk and writing songs on a banjo. C. 2 Deviled Eggs (appetizer) We said cheers, bumped them together and were off!  Like eating nice chocolates from a box, each a mini celebration. Rich and decadent! We had to ignore the fact that we did little to earn them that morning.. D. An Abita Pecan beer and a Capt. Kolsch beer (they're a Texan run establishment, and they gotchu covered on that Shiner Bock!) E. The Nettie Biscuit for me (Named after the owner's true-Texan grandmother.  She smiles from a farm somewhere in TX surrounded by chickens in black and white photo posted near the kitchen) and the motto is-- "Nettie would be proud".  The fried chicken and the biscuit are both heavenly. F. Shrimp and Grits with Fried Okra for him (a generous portion of shrimp and an almost gumbo-like sauce on top of the grits (bell pepper, onion) that was so flavorful and delish. I managed to take a bite before it vanished.. G. YOU MUST ORDER One Slice of Hummingbird Cake (homemade, total food science as far as being perfectly moist/balanced/creamy etc. and such a treat.) H. 2 Coffees :) 1. This cost us 45 dollars. In Williamsburg! 2. We obviously had a trigger-happy moment and ordered everything on the menu, but we ate every single bite of it all, except for a few okra which we took home with us.  It was just so good. The best thing about Beehive Oven though is not the food. It's the owners..if you have a chance to talk to the owners John and Trevva..they are so hospitable and warm you feel like you're in someone's country home.  If at this point you're thinking that I am not accustomed to thinking critically, you read my review correctly.  There was nothing to break down about the experience.  Just a great one! If they ever open up a bed and breakfast I am so there! That said, I promise not to Yelp so basically again unless it's really dire. Best, Noni
