Overrated and poor customer service!  Bring lots of patience, even with a reservation. I went to Sunday Brunch at Jane, today (3/25/12),  and was very disappointed with the experience, especially after reading all of the great reviews about Jane on Yelp.  I arrived around 12:07 pm and put my name on the list.  I was told that the wait would be between 45 minutes to an hour.  I figured it was going to be a wait, especially without a reservation, and especially when I walked up and saw the long line outside the restaurant.  Fine.  I told myself I could do an hour, and patiently waited for my friend to arrive and for my name to be called.  While waiting outside on this somewhat misty/rainy and breezy Sunday afternoon, I noticed that the hostesses repeatedly came outside with menus looking for people but not calling names out loud.  They occasionally would walk up to groups of people and ask for a name, but never loud enough for everyone waiting outside to hear .  I began to wonder if they were memorizing faces (wow--they must be really good if they do that) or if they were going to bypass my name because they failed to call it out loud enough, or if they were even going to call it at all.  I overheard another woman saying the same thing to her husband--"These dippy girls keep coming outside looking but not calling anyones name." After my friend arrived, and we had waited for about 35 minutes, I went inside to see where my name was on the list, and to make sure they weren't going to bypass my name.  I was told that I had waited for about 30 minutes, so it would be about 25 more minutes.  25 minutes came and went.  My friend and moved inside.  At about 1:35, after waiting for about an hour and half, I decided to ask again, where my name was on the list.  I got the sense that the women at the front (one of whom is one of the managers, which I didn't find out until later) did not want to speak to me again (because they casually turned their heads away as I approached their hostess stand).  The "manager" told me that my friend and I were the next pair of two to be seated.  About 20 minutes went by as I saw about 3 or 4 pairs of twos being seated before me.  During this time, a group of 4 women came in, and said to my friend and me, that they had a 1:00 reservation and had waited an hour to be seated.  They commented on how ridiculous the place was. After waiting 2 hours, my friend and I were finally seated at a very tight table for two.  I immediately asked to speak to the manager.  The waiter thought the manager had already spoken to us.  But what we didn't know was that "the woman with the ponytail" at the hostess stand, was a manager.  But at no point did she ever address us, the lengthy wait, or why we had to wait again after being told that we would be seated next.  [Needless to say, she needs some lessons in how to communicate with customers.]  A man, also one of the managers, did come over and speak to us.  I told him about everything we experienced and wanted to let him know that it wasn't the fact that we had to wait, but that the hostess and "manager' should be honest with customers and tell them exactly what's going on.  If you have to seat people with reservations first, fine.  That's understandable.  But then don't tell me that I am the next party of two that will be seated, and then go and seat four other parties of two ahead of me, leaving me waiting for another half an hour.  That's dishonest and not good business. When the food finally arrived it was ok.  I ordered the vanilla bean french toast.  It tasted good, nothing to rave about.  The peach champagne cocktail was good too.  I will say that my friend ordered the cheddar grits and they were delicious! I've never tasted such creamy grits.  And after such a long wait, our waiter sure was in a hurry to get us out of there.  He promptly came back within a minute of giving us the bill, and without asking if we were ready, reached over and looked in the book to see if payment was inside.  My friend commented that it was rude.  I just figured that's the way things go here at Jane. If it wasn't for the grits, I would have given Jane one star, due to the lack of communication, lack of honesty, ridiculously long wait, tight tables (I felt like the people on both sides of us were in our conversation because it was so close), and poor management/customer service (or I should manager who doesn't know how to be straightforward and explain to customers the order in which people are being sat).  Maybe brunch should be reservation only, or only take a certain number of reservations.  Whatever the solution, COMMUNICATION is key.  Just talk to your customers and honestly let them know what's going on.   New York is too big of a city, with too many good places to eat for me to come back here.  I'll look up a recipe on how to make the cheddar grits myself, before playing the two hour, when am I going to be seated game, at Jane.
