If you want to find a Chinese restaurant in University City, SangKee may be a good choice. The food here may not be absolutely great but totally acceptable. Its location, service and ambiance may promote you to have the Chinese style meal.   Location: SangKee has a special location, at the first floor of the Sheraton Hotel. This location may give itself a chance to have more customers. Nevertheless, unlike most of the restaurants in the hotel, this restaurant has relatively more delicious food with a passable prices. Service: The workers of this restaurant are totally friendly and helpful. Several workers in the restaurant can speak Chinese. When I first communicated with them in Chinese, I just feel I'm back to my hometown. When I had meals in this restaurant, I also saw 20% to 30% non-Chinese customers. Waiters could also communicate with them in fluent English. They could also give accurate descriptions of the food and some constructive suggestions to customers. SangKee's service may attract more customers to the restaurant. However, their service is not completely perfect, because, sometimes, customers need to wait for their seats while the restaurant is crowded. Food: One customer claimed on Yelp that "Sang Kee Noodle House provides passable Chinese food -- it's generally okay, but not great" (C.Sen). I think although the "Chinese food" here is not absolutely traditional Chinese style, it is much better than the food I have tried in some other Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia. One of the dishes I want to recommend in SangKee is the "Spicy Stir-fry Pot". This one is extremely attractive to those people who are keen on Chinese spicy food. Since I'm from Sichuan Province, I have a high requirement for spicy food. This dish almost meets my requirement. It holds different spicy contents, like shrimp, pork, cabbage, tofu which make it not only spicy but also full of various flavor. Its taste is similar to our hometown's chili pot "Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup" is also tasty. One bowl of noodles hold about 30% to 40% beef meat over noodle. This would make the dish so attractive to those carnivorous customers, like me. The taste of the soup is also very delicious. Despite trying this specific noodle, people can also try noodle with chicken, pork, shrimp or seafood. However, one thing the restaurant need improve is to add diverse flavor of soup in different kinds of noodle. This can make multiple styles noodles taste differently. The taste of all the dishes in SangKee is similar to Hong Kong style taste. This may be attractive to those people from Hong Kong or Guangzhou province. Most of the restaurants in the hotel always sell dishes with high price and small quantity of meat. Unlike them, you should try SangKee because holding enough meat is the common characteristic of all the dishes here. For all the dishes, there are three main special types. They are "SangKee Favorites", like Beijing Roast Duck, Crispy Garlic Fried Chicken, Steamed Fresh Stripe Bass, "Asia Rice Bowl", like Bulgogi Rice, Hot Pepper Beef Rice Bowl and "Big Bowl Noodle Soup" which I mentioned previously. Different desserts, drinks are also available. One thing great is that I can even enjoy the Chinese traditional hot tea. Ambiance: There are both outside and inside seats for customers. The chairs and desks are brown and the light inside room makes customers feel comfortable to enjoy their meal. There is no music inside the restaurant, but the atmosphere still let customers feel comfortable. There is a bar-like table near the door of the restaurant. Customers who prefer to have meal with themselves often seat at these tables. There are different tables with sizes for 2 to 10 people in the restaurant, too. One thing I think SangKee should improve is to offer more chairs for customers in the waiting room.
