It becomes as one of our routines to dine in Chengdu23 once a month ever since we moved to Fairfield, the neighborhood area around Wayne. The food has never disappointed us whenever we dined there.  It was Tuesday on June 22, we went to Chengdu23 again.  Although we always try to order something we've never had before, but sometimes you just could not give up the most recent course what impressed you so well from your last experience. On that day, I had the braised sliced Angus beef and napa cabbage with roasted chili sauce.  The beef was as tender as usual, the spicy flavor made me gobble up a whole bowl of brown rice, why not?  It was so delicious and absolutely a knock-out! My husband loves shrimp, so he ordered jumbo shrimp with asparagus which was the only course not spicy of all. Well, when you dined in such an authentic Szechuan restaurant, how could you not order Mapo Tofu?  Of course we did!  Mapo tofu is our mutual favorite. I actually tried several times buying preserved mapo tofu bag from Asian supermarket and cooked according to its recipe yet failed.   Then I just totally give up.  Let me tell you this, nothing can be competed with the real mapo tofu served in Chengdu23. We were supposed to enjoy the meal peacefully that day. But during our dining, there came a group of customer who were so noisy when they stepped in.  I didn't know if they spoke mandarin Chinese, these people seemed very rude when they talked to waiters.  My Chinese friend who accompanied with us said, those people asked for a table for 12 but they got only 10 persons, and they didn't even make reservation.  Although the waiters had compromised as requested, but those people's attitude were still very rude and making scene, interrupting others who were dining. But what can you do about it?  I know there's certain rule in restaurant that customer cannot just ask for any table they want even if they see vacant tables, because the workers in restaurant got specific section open for placing customers at certain period.  Even though, some people just didn't show appreciation at all.  We felt sorry for the waiters. Other than this interruption, we decided not to be affected by their hubbub, just concentrated to enjoy our meal.  We love this restaurant.  It would be a big loss if you don't try it yourself.
