I have been there 2 times and have been disappointed both times.  1) Their bistec is too salty.  Yes it's generally a salty dish, but this was a bit over the top.  2) The syrup on the flan tasted burnt.  Otherwise, it was fairly authentic and reminded me of the flan I had growing up. 3) The fried chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  Unfortunately, the flavor was meh.  4) The arroz caldo gets a meh as well.  5) The Sisig was actually pretty good but nothing worth returning for.  6) They had no Balut on hand when I was there.  7) The Mango French toast was overcooked and I don't think the caramelized macapuno really complimented the dish.  8) The Longganisa with garlic rice was delicious but it is really really hard to screw that dish up.  Sadly, it tasted only as good as the Longganisa I can cook myself at home and I doubt it's worth the trip or price.  9) Service...  The waitress is very personable and I give her 5 stars.  When ordering, I informed her that I have a shellfish allergy and she said she would make sure nothing we ordered had any shellfish in it.  Long story short... when the fried chicken came it was served (by a different server ( I think a manager)) with a shrimp paste sauce on the side.  Thank God I asked what the sauce was before I dipped in to taste it.  When the check came, I saw that our waitress had clearly denoted on the check NO SHELLFISH.  I guess someone in the kitchen was sleeping.  No harm no foul I guess, but it shows a lack of attention and care in the kitchen and management.  In addition, I've noticed both times that I was there that they have a thing for not bringing out all the dishes at once.  Usually not that big a deal, but when you're at a table for four and the fourth person's dish comes 3 or 4 minutes after the 1st person's dish, someone is just sitting there watching his/her food get cold.  Really, is it that hard to bring out all the dishes at once or at least much closer in time? 10) Finally, the atmosphere and decor are wonderful and despite the food, I still had a good time.  I guess I'll come back, just not for the food.
