I had had many trips to this restaurant growing up. My family used to go here all the time on occasion, and everything was great... fresh food, cooked perfectly, good service and it's always nice sitting by the window staring out to long island sound over lunch or dinner. I hadn't been back for quite a while, but tonight my father and I decided to stop in.Sad to say that my visit wasn't what I remembered or expected of this restaurant. To start with, the decor is SO overly dated.... and I am not one to be picky about this usually. If a restaurant wants to be unique and the decor is a little out there.... I usually let that go in my experiences... but to keep the same decor, upholstery and carpeting for 30 years is kind of gross.... as Gordon Ramsay once said on the subject, "that's a lot of farts." In general, it feels like a trip to grandma's house... very old fashioned. They out to think about getting rid of the carpet. I've always liked the booths, but they are a tad cramped together.... but at the very least they should be re upholstered. Next I would like to comment on their men's room..... absolutely hideous. .  floor was sticky and it smelled of urine.  You could actually audibly hear my shoes sticking to the floor as I was exiting the restroom, so much so that the greeter turned and looked. Finally, my comments on dinner. I was disappointed to say the least. I ordered the broiled fillet of sole, with cole slaw and a baked potato. I'd have to say that the freshest and best tasting thing was the slaw... nicely seasoned, moist and fresh tasting. Sadly, the sole was bland. It was overdone on the outside, like mush on the inside and it was sitting in a pool of oil. It along with the plate was piping hot when it came to the table.... and the plate had a dirty burnt rim around the edge of it.... two tell tale signs they're using microwaves. The potato was very dry and tough... so much so that I had to saw at it hard with my table knife to get the skin to separate..... All in all, I could do better at home.... as could anyone who can operate a stove. For the price of what you're paying versus what you receive, there is no real incentive to eating here. The service on the other hand was excellent. Our waitress was both professional and friendly, so no complaints there. I don't know if the owners and kitchen staff have just gotten lazy, or if the staff has just changed hands to non-passionate people... all I know is this was no the Jimmy's I grew up with, and I don't think I'll be going back.
