I had high high hopes for this restaurant, but it didn't measure up.  For the most part, the issues I had were with the food.  Everything sounded great on the menu, but on arrival...meh.  After reading some of the superlative reviews, I felt compelled to give folks out there my honest take,since the prices are not low.  I also hope the owner/chef reads this and makes adjustments, because the good news is that the problems he has are totally solvable - there's no lack of vision, issue with fundamental technique or problem with the quality of the products used.  The core problem here is that the execution is only mediocre and it needs to be much better to ensure this 'reve' comes true for the owners. To start, we had the sweetbreads and the foie gras, followed by the steak au poivre and the rack of lamb.  For dessert, we were offered a choice of vanilla, peach or chocolate soufflé...so we of course elected to try all three. Soufflé is a weakness and I can never resist. The sweetbreads were battered and fried, which overpowered their delicate flavor and the necessary cooking time to cook the batter made them overly chewy (not tough, just not as silky as they ought to be).  The sauce was bland and didn't particularly add or detract from the dish and the haricot verts on the side added color but not much else - kind of a wasted opportunity.  So unfortunately, the end result was something more akin to a chicken nugget - edible, but nothing special. The piece of foie gras was clearly of excellent quality - no veins and no granularity.  It was served with butternut squash and fried leeks, which, while a little contradictory from a seasonality standpoint, were actually more interesting than the cloying lumps of fruit reduction that usually accompany foie in this country.  The cardinal sin here was that it was overcooked. Foie gras should blush when you cut into it and have a texture just this side of wobbly (think perfect panna cotta).  This was light brown all the way through and firm (think overcooked panna cotta cotta...).  Fortunately, the high quality of the liver and the flavors of the dish were strong enough to still make it enjoyable - but for $28 in a French restaurant run by an FCI grad, I expected better execution.   The main courses were better than the appetizers, but not without issue. The lamb was a perfectly cooked medium-rare, but was unfortunately not adequately seasoned.  For want of a pinch of salt and pepper, the lamb was lost. Okay, not lost, but you know how frustrating it can be when a dish is close to perfect and all it needs is subtle seasoning. The ratatouille that accompanied the lamb was not what I expected in a French restaurant - rather than a carefully constructed dish of independently cooked seasonal vegetables, this was just a mixture of rough cut veggies cooked together in a pan. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't ratatouille, either. The steak was a NY strip.  I think this is probably the most overrated cut of beef out there, but if it is quality dry aged and cooked rare to medium rare at MOST, it can work.  Otherwise, its tight texture can make it tough as old boots.  So we were optimistic when the waitress wanted us to understand that by ordering it medium rare, we would get a cold center.  That's not quite right, since rare is a cold red center and medium rare is a slightly warm red center (the French don't call it 'a point' for nothing), but we were encouraged by them at least erring on the side of undercooking rather than overcooking.  Alas, the steak was medium to medium well.  Dommage.  The green peppercorn sauce was pleasant - piquant, but a little unbalanced in that it was overly peppery - I LOVE highly spicy food, but this was a little distracting in this context.  The truffled fries were nicely done - hot, crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and flavored with flecks of black truffle and not just drizzled in fake truffle oil.   Dessert was the worst part of the meal. The soufflés rose admirably, but were way too eggy in flavor, with a simultaneously lumpy and runny texture.  The peach one was particularly bad - we searched for the words to capture the experience of eating this odd concoction and decided that the closest analogy was thatbit was like loosely scrambled eggs flavored with 5 Alive (remember that stuff?). Not a successful course. I'm a big fan of the ceviche and churrasco at Bohemia right down the street, so I was definitely hoping that there might be a little rennaissance movement starting in Bloomfield.  Unfortunately, I don't think we'll be back - we're 20 minutes away and this place is not inexpensive - so it's not a good gamble of time or money to keep going back unless I can be reasonably sure that the issues have been addressed.  Not worth it as is, but I wish them luck in the future and hope they can pull it together.
