I've been a foodie since before food got popular, and am now just starting to Yelp.  Instead of just being a passive participant I've decided to get active and log my nights out in order to remember when and where i went.  ;-) To keep things simple, i judge all restaurants on the following criterion:  FOOD, DRINK, SPACE/SCENE, SERVICE, PRICE.  So here goes! Food - The cuisine of this venue is Indian Fusion.  There is something for everyone, food can even be tailored to vegans and those who are allergic.  We had the following: - WATERMELON FETA SALAD / MINT SORBET - CHILI PORK DUMPLINGS / GRAPEFRUIT CONFIT - GINGER SCALLOPS - GRAFFITI BURGER / GARLIC FINGERLING POTATOES / CHIPOTLE MAYO - BRAISED PORK BUNS / APRICOT CHUTNEY - CHICKPEA CRUSTED SKATE / MINT YOGURT SAUCE - DUCK PORTOBELLO GRATINEE / MUSTARD ONION CONFIT Everything was typical for the progressive chefs of today-  delectable and well plated.  This is not a place that overplates and turns the food into art.  My only complaint was that the staff/head chef said everything was tapas/family style and the portions were a bit short for a party of four. Drink - The drink menu only had 1 cocktail- the Lychee Martini which was VERRRY generous, not served in martini glasses, but rather in giant wide topped glasses which meant more liquor and less spill.  The wine menu was brief and simple - not nearly as extensive as most foodie hangouts.  This is liked as it made choosing less trivial. Space/Scene - Do not go here for special occasions.  The restaurant is very tiny, like having dinner in your typical NYC shoebox apartment.  It is smaller than Barrio Chino if you have ever been there.  All 3-4 tables are on the right side while the waiters and guests have to squeeze through the left just to get to the tables.  And once you get to your table you'll probably have to share a larger table.  I knew this in advance and did not mind.  I enjoy this type of experience from time to time.  But I can't stand people who give good places bad reviews mainly because of the space situation.  You showed up, saw the place, you didn't have to eat there!  Finally, for those that crave trendy/popular spots...  The headchef competed against Morimoto on Iron Chef, and also was a contestant of last years Top Chef. Service - Wasn't over-the-top and pretentious, which i like.  But wasn't bad either.  If the waiter who was waiting our table was busy, we just asked any other waiter for a dish and it came out in a timely manner.   Also, Chef Mehta is very likely to be waiting your table too! Price - There are $12 or $15 dollar tapas.  The price is relatively reasonable as if the venue were larger, they could have charged $3 more for the same portions.  Dinner for (4) came out to $149 before tip.  We had a bottle of the Hanging Vine - Cab Sauv, Lychee Martini, and the plates mentioned above.  No dessert as we were adequately appetized and i wanted to take my parents to Pinkberry for their first experience. All in all, I enjoyed the food.  It was good, relatively unique, and flavorful.  Somewhat spicy (not by Asian standards) and because the portions were smaller, left you wanting a little more.
