I've been coming to Le Barricou for years and can truly say it is one of the best restaurants in the whole of New York, no joke.  I've had better food and service here than most of the places I've visited in Manhattan and can attest to their even more extensive and eclectic collection of libations.  Take a look at the bar and marvel at how many choices they have, for a Williamsburg haunt?, this place is legit.  I've never seen so many different digestivs and aperitifs on a menu aside from Balthazar.  And what's more impressive is unlike Balthazar, this place has incredibly good prices for the quality and dare I say QUANTITY of incredible dishes they serve up.  I've rarely been able to finish my meals here, and not for lack of trying!  The service is bistro style and the place tends to fill up pretty quick, so for the amount of steps the servers actually go through, 8 specials, explaining cheese and wine pairings, running their own food and bussing tables for the most part, the servers and  their knowledge of the menu in my opinion is a level above any service I receive in Williamsburg (and even Manhattan, again, for that matter).   On that note, the food here is a process, as I've been told everything is fresh, made to order, and it's important to note that if you are in a huge hurry, this is not the place to pop in pop out when it's jumpin, unless you're having a sandwich or a burger or something little.  The kitchen is tiny you can walk by and peak in and they are making some serious culinary specialties back there!  Drink your bottle of wine and wait on busy nights like a Friday or Saturday...It'll be worth it.  The ambiance, really takes the cake.  I think I've actually fought people off for a space in the back lounge in front of a REAL wood burning stove in the winter time.  It's surreal to be there during the holidays as the owners really seem to take pride in creating a very special home away from home for their guests.  AND they are the only place on Grand street with a sidewalk cafe and open French doors in the summertime.  I think it goes without saying that I'm a huge fan.  Maybe one of the biggest.  Go for lunch, go for brunch (if you're feeling festive, and not too crabby because brunch here is all about fun...) and make SURE you go for dinner.  I've overheard people at the bar talking about how they've driven all the way from the upper west side to enjoy this place and leaving with a smile.  That says alot to me.  And makes me proud to have a place like this just around the corner.  Way to go Le Barricou!!
