First I just want to say to the people on here trashing this place by using words like "hipster" and "American Apparel" and talking about whether its trying to be cool or not.... its pretty obvious that you're just hating on yourself. Since you feel that you've missed the boat on current trends, have no self-esteem, and suffer from the frustration of not understanding fashion and art, combined with the typical self-loathing of someone who realized their best years are behind them, you've decided to unleash this misplaced rage into the air (and onto the internet), towards fabricated stereotypes like "hipster" and "douche" -- categories that are sooo well-observed, no two people describe them in the same way. You're just a younger version of an old man telling the kids to get off his lawn. And bringing up the double-murder that happened in the apartments? Besides the fact that PYT have nothing to do with it, can you be any more low class in trying to link them? Bottom line is you should continue to display your own butt hurt like a baboon displays its colorful ass, because its thoroughly entertaining for those of us who know it when we see it. On to the review! The only reason PYT doesn't get 5-stars from me is because I reserve that rating for places that offer free blowjobs, or back rubs, or both. When Tommy opened this place I was skeptical. What the hell does he know about burgers? Turns out he knows what it takes to make a good one, and also how to spice up the old standard with some well-placed creative vision. I'm from the west coast where the gold standard (mine anyway) is In-and-Out Burger, the burger to which all others are measured. And once I tried the PYT, I had to admit it... measured up. Since then, I have been a regular, have tried the various dishes, and got to know some of the people who work there. I'm not a food critic, but I am picky, and I can't say I've ever had something to complain about. I'm not a hipster, but I'm averse to pretentiousness, and there is none to be found. I'm not rich, so the dollar drinks in the back room are a great way to start off a night. Now I am a music lover, and the DJs who play are some of the best in the city. Bottom line: good food, good people, good prices, good atmosphere. Seriously folks what more do you want? Whatever it is, let Tommy know and if he can do it, he will. One of the best guys I know.
