I signed up for this site for this review alone; it was that horrible. I visited this establishment and due to the loudness I decided to place an order to go. First up, I had a fresh brewed iced tea as I waited for my meal. The taste in the tea was a bitter mix of fruitish flavors that needed sugar (which I never add to my tea, NEVER!). I was in receipt of my order within 10 minutes; as Asian food should, it is very quick and easy to make. My waiter was, unlike the rest of the comments here, very good. He was quick, very professional, and courteous. But on second thought, a single patron taking a two top table, speed would equal profit. When I returned to my hotel I was astounded at such poor quality leaving what appears to be a reputable franchise. My egg rolls were marinating in a pool of grease and lacked flavor; only three bites were taken (two of which were drenched in hot mustard accompaniment. The other 1 and 1/2 rolls landed in the disposal. The side of spiced asparagus was as well disgusting. Ten minutes of cook time should of produced somewhat edible veg dish but well missed the mark. Again, more oil that a super-size MacDon's FF. Taste was similar but the really funky thing about this veg order was that they seemed to be either cooked way too long or, more likely, were prepared for a table 3 hours prior to my arrival and were returned to the kitchen for being overly greasy; only to sit in the grease until a patron came in to get rid of this rancid dish. Two forkfuls were all that left that container - another 7/8ths of my meal disposed of. As for my main dish, spicy chix General-style, looked and smelled rather surprising compared to my first two examples. But taste and smell can often be different. This was the case. I usually order everything extra spicy because I have a passion for zing. Had I not gotten my dish ex-spiced, this dish would be candied chix. It was so sweet I remembered my tea and thought 'so that's where the sweet has gone.' My ex-spice relieved some, just a little, of the sweetness but half way through this portion of this meal I could not take it any more. So that was my first and, forever more, only try of P.F.C's. It was a horrible palatial experience - if I ever want chinese again, not matter how horrible some of the cleanliness, I'm visiting an actual Chinese restaurant. I would give less than one star but Yelp does not allow that type of rating. If you love grease, please go, you will be more than satisfied. If not, heed my advice.
