i ate here 2 nights ago.  being a verona resident, i was very happy to hear of a new steakhouse in the area.  soon after walking in, my happiness changed to disapointment. first, lets start with the atmosphere.  the dining room is very dark, making it very hard to see the color of your meat, more on that later.  the place was trendy in decoration and had a spacious but empty bar area.  the four flat screen tv's are perfect for watching a game, but the bar lacked any type of life. once i sat down, i was given a  spiral notebook that contained the menu.  the choices were overwelming.  the food ranges from chinese to italian to traditional steakhouse.  after handing us our menu's, the first thing we were told was the 3 things, one of them being a steak, that they were out of.  way to start off on a positive.  after struggling with the menu, we decided to order a few apps.  the first app was a shrimp trio, which was a sample of shrimp prepared 3 ways.  the only problem, i was with a group of 4 and they only gave us 3 pieces of shrimp for each sample.  i don't really understand how you can call something a sample if there isn't enough for the entire party to try.  the shrimp was overcooked and had a very fishy taste.  i have a feeling we were being fed frozen shrimp.  we also ordered a chicken appetizer.  it was basically 4 chunks of chicken on a stick.  the only thing we tasted was burnt wood.  the third appetizer was the stuffed mushrooms, they were decent, but i've had better at worse places.   we next ordered our dinners.  we were told by the waitress that each dinner comes with a free house salad.  the salad, was compiled of wilted greens, 1 small slice of tomatoe and was drowned in red wine vinegar.  before we could finish our sorry salads, the server was standing before us with our entree's.  he quickly took our salad plates along with our forks.  i had to ask twice for another fork before one was provided for me. i ordered the porterhouse, medium.  i was horrified by what was put on my plate.  i was expecting a nice thick piece of meat, seasoned and cooked perfectly.  what i was given resembled a steak'um.  the meat, which was probably thawed an hour before being cooked was rare.  with the place being so dark, i could not see how rare it was until i heald my phone up to the steak for some light.  there was no flavor to this piece of meat and it was the chewiest steak i've ever had. two other members of my party had the small filet.  the key word here is small.  although disapointed by the size, they said the filet was coooked well and was tasty. the final member of my party had sesame chicken.  i had a taste and was not impressed.  i've had better delivered to my house. once dinner was over, our dessert order was taken.  the waitress left without asking if anyone would like coffee.  i had to flag her down later to order a cafe. i can assure you that this will be my last visit.  there are several better steak places in the area.
