My fiancé and I wanted to host an engagement party lunch here.  I came in and spoke to the event coordinator, Corina, about making the reservation.  The party was for 20 people and after discussing what food would be included I was given an estimate of the price, which I found satisfactory after another phone call and a confirmation the next day.  A week before the party, we came in to sign the contract.  While the total price of the contract was the same, we noticed that based on the number of appetizers and main courses the cost should have been at about 53% of what they quoted. When we inquired what was the other 47% of the cost "sneaked" into the food category, Corina explained that they charged 47 percent of the cost of food to reserve the table, to move the table and to clean up after we left - "space fee". This information was not even mentioned during the initial visit and the following phone conversation. On top of that they charged 25% Gratuity. We were puzzled about the "sneaked" in "space fee" because every restaurant moves tables if the large party comes in and they clean tables and they don't charge any fees for moving and cleaning. Furthermore, when we asked if they would charge such a fee if 20 people just showed up she said that they would not, but that there would be no guarantee that the tables would be available. Meanwhile, when we were there at about 7PM on a Saturday night - supposedly busiest time for such business- the restaurant barely had 10 customers while they claim on the sign by the bar that the max occupancy is 300 people! So the restaurant was not even 5 percent full! In a conclusion, they would not waive this crazy fee so we left. In 2 days I called them out of courtesy and explained why we did not want to use their establishment and they really didn't care, it was as if our business never mattered. The good news is that The Bahche is located in an area with a ton of other choices.  We walked down 5th Ave into Park Slope and within an hour we already had another venue booked where the food was heavenly and they didn't charge us a dime extra. In fact, we saved more than $300. During our search we asked in several establishments about a concept of the "space fee" and all of them said that they don't charge such ridiculous fees. So, I guess we should thank the Bahche for being greedy, sneaky and unprofessional so we could fully enjoy a once in a lifetime experience in another establishment that deserved our business just a few blocks away.
