Let me preface this post by stating that I am very hesitant to write up a negative review, however I felt it necessary considering the poor service we received.  My wife and I along with friends will regularly dine out all over Fairfield and New Haven counties, and have really grown to enjoy many of the local restaurant experiences.  This was not our first trip to Pacifico, but unfortunately, it was our last.  We received numerous emails advertising the restaurant's "New Year's Bash" to ring in 2015, boasting DJ, dancing, price fix menu, and a champagne toast at midnight.  We were intrigued after trying similar offers in previous years at other restaurants, and were very excited at the prospect, so we made plans with another couple and made reservations for 4 people.  Let me be clear by saying it was the worst dining experience we have run into.  To start, after being seated, we waited 45 minutes to be served our first drinks.  I want to state that we are usually very "go with the flow" patrons, and often understand during busy nights that service may be a bit slow.  After receiving our drinks, we then waited another hour before being served our APPETIZERS (they came at 10pm, we sat down at 8:30pm).  We did not see hide nor hair of our waiter, and had to beg for bread.  We then inquired to the manager and hostess as to the status of our orders, to only be told repeatedly "I'm so sorry".  Then we were told that there were a lot of "big parties" which shouldn't really ever be the answer for slow service.  Outside of the service, the "entertainment" didn't even start until shortly before 11:00pm, leaving little time to "party" before the ball dropped.  To make matter worse, after we spoke to the manager, there was very little empathy nor recourse for the terrible service.  Observations of several other tables showed that we were not the only ones dissatisfied with the service.  Finally, our waiter highly recommended the chocolate cake with raspberry sauce for dessert, and after receiving the cake, there was no raspberry sauce in sight, and we begged the waiter to add some...so after arguing for a few minutes, he finally went back to the kitchen and came back with a squeeze bottle full of sauce and squirted it all over the cake.  Again, this may seem like no big deal, but it just was the proverbial "icing on the cake" for the whole night.  We are disappointed with the restaurant, and won't be returning.  The service was poor, and the staff were not accommodating.
