Having spent 6 weeks traveling around Greece with my Greek beau,  I have a pretty good sense of the cuisine.  Pylos has excellent Greek food, but not the best I've had in Manhattan, I also believe that Pylos is a bit over-rated.  Ambience is nice, both times i have been the waiters have been unhelpful (the type that says everything is good and don't make good wine recommendations- which is important considering their wine list is basically all Greek).  Finally, I think Pylos should embrace lemon as a more fundamental ingredient.  Their food lacks acidity and Greek food and lemoni are pretty synonymous.   Order: Anginares Moussaka- delicious vegetarian take on moussaka.  they thankfully use bechamel sparingly so you can appreciate the subtle flavors of the artichoke, cheese, and caramelized onions. Whole branzino- simple preparation, but authentic, well-executed, and delicious. Christos' Towering Galaktobourekakia- delicious! comes out piping hot, very beautiful presentation and divine flavors. greek yogurt with spoon sweets- a favorite of mine for breakfast (fage is the best), but works well as a dessert too. Cappuccino- strong in a good way! Skip: Porfyros spiropoulos- medium-bodied wine, good but not memorable. Horiatiki- their feta and kalamata olives leave much to be desired, and their dressing is a little too bland. (the cheese and olives at Kellari's Parea are excellent and definitely imported from Greece, can't say the same of Pylos').  However, their capers are superb!  They lack the briny over-salted taste that many capers can have.   Patzarosalata- pretty sure they use canned beets.  In Greece, beet greens as well as dandelion greens are essential sides, and the beet greens in this dish are more of a garnish rather than an ingredient Whole dorado- much more mealy texture than the branzino. Pistachio-crusted bass- slightly over-cooked, pistachios could be ground up to make a better crust. The side that comes with the Bass (spinach, leeks, tomato sauce, feta).. there is almost no feta in this and the taste of tomato paste overwhelms.   Walnut cake with coffee-chocolate syrup- slightly dry cake, good but not great.
