The place is new and clean and sensibly set up - more than half the space is kitchen and serving area, speaking to the expectation of a great deal of take-out (which accounted for much more than half the sales during the hour I was there, between noon and one PM on a Sunday.) The staff is friendly and helpful. They're still not completely up-to-speed on BBQ, and only 90% complete in learning the ins and outs of the menu, but the place has only been open a week. There's obvious training-while-doing going on, conducted by the owners, and it's non-obtrusive, done in a fun "pop-quiz" way.  Okay, so how about the food?  Since this was a tasting trip and not a "meal" per se, I ordered two sandwiches (intending to simply taste the meat) and a couple of sides (which don't come with sandwiches but can be ordered ala carte.)  The brisket is good, but not remarkable. It's smoked over hickory (post oak being unavailable [and even if it were, it would require a dedicated smoker since you don't want your pork smoked over oak]) and that means the deep Texas-style smoke flavor is missing. It's juicy and tasty, with sufficient smoke-ring but it's not what I'd come back here for.  The pulled pork cannot be faulted. Juicy and flavorful, the taste of the meat itself predominates (which speaks to the real passion for BBQ of the owners - this is not merely a canvas on which to paint with sauces like Famous Dave's or too many other chain BBQ places.)  I'll be back to order by the pound when I don't have two days to smoke my own.  A couple of quibbles:  I almost never have to salt BBQ - the salt content in the rub takes care of that; in FunniBonz rub, however, salt is not the top ingredient (sugar is) and both the brisket and pork needed a little salt. Perhaps putting a shaker of rub on the tables (like they do at 17th Street) might be a nice touch.  Second quibble:  there are many varieties of cole-slaw, but the one that works least well on top of pulled pork as part of the sandwich is the "fresh," coarsely cut, "snappy" kind, which what is served here.) Several times I found myself tearing the sandwich apart because my bite put me squarely in the middle of a nickel-sized piece of unyielding cabbage.  The sides:  I started with the Mac and cheese and the collard greens (two Shibboleths of real BBQ places) and found the best and worst of the meal.  The worst (Mac and cheese) was not bad, just disappointing - it was nothing special and just a tiny bit grainy and a tiny bit oily and not a success.  The collard greens, however, were remarkable. It's easy to cut the bitterness of collard greens by either overcooking them (and changing the water along the way) or by adding too much sugar. FunniBonz falls into neither of these traps, serving up greens that would be considered first rate in Wilson, NC. There is just enough of the "bite" remaining to cleanse the palate, just enough "green" to remind you of what you're eating, and just enough sweetness to keep you gobbling.  After these two, I went back up to the counter and ordered a biscuit, a piece of fried corn, and the BBQ beans.  The biscuit was tasty enough, but the bottom was a bit tough. With butter, or with food, it probably would have been fine, but simply as a stand-alone item in a tasting, it was not. The fried corn was a victim of the season; corn loses 50% of it's sugar to starch in the first 8 hours after it is picked and any corn you can get in Robbinsville, NJ, in mid-December is going to lack sugar. I want to try this again next August.  The Smokehouse Baked Beans were the joker in the deck of the entire tasting. Two and a half hours later, I'm still trying to decide if these were the best thing I ate all day, or if they were just so unusual that I'm scoring them higher than they should be. In either case, order them, and decide for yourself.  Don't go in expecting pinto beans (or little reds) in a dark, thick, molasses sauce with gobs of onions and ham hock.  These are what I believe are pink beans and black beans, first done in the smoker, then cooked forever with red and green bell peppers, in a very thin sauce. It's a fresh taste, and perfectly balanced.  Since FunniBonz started as a sauce company, it's only fair to mention the four sauces they put out on the tables (and sell at the register by the bottle.)  The original sauce is a fairly thick (think Memphis) sauce, with too little vinegar for my taste, but absolutely brilliantly balanced flavor. The "Spicy" sauce is equally brilliant - it's not easy to add kick to a sauce and retain the signature flavor, but FunniBonz does it. The "Fiery Chipotle" sauce is the weakest of the three, through no fault of its own; it's a sauce designed for people who equate "hot" and "good" and I suppose it would succeed for them.  The SC mustard-based sauce is quite outstanding. It's sweeter than a traditional SC sauce, but again the balance is brilliant. Four Stars and I hope to be able to add a fifth as they evolve.
