My husband and I always choose a Starr restaurant when dining out.   We do so for the simple fact that we enjoy the concept behind each establishment and tend to know what to expect from the brands standard.   With that said, Il Pittore was our final stop on the tour de Starr.  Why have we waited to dine here you ask? No reason.  Just circumstance, I guess.  However, I do believe that the stars aligned for what occurred last night.  Euphoria. Upon entering this unbelievable reality of what ones vision would be when venturing out to eat, this gem exceeded any expectation I could have had. At our arrival the sheer awesomeness began. Jen, is the epitome of what a host should be, gracious.  Observing her interactions with others and not just us was incredibly warm and her ability to genuinely engage is a quality  most young people do not  have today.   At the bar we encountered Jacob. A knowledgable young man with a quality of reserve that just came natural.  At times this can be a trait which could be considered cold but he mastered it with a knack of confident air that was not off putting but gentle. What was about to happen next is unfortunately a rarity. I state this because I have worked in all areas of the house and know that this exceptional quality comes only so often to a restaurant.  Many strive for it and work at it however, it is only naturally embedded in a select few, from my experience anyway. Service. Kevin, has the ability to serve. Some may see this quality in a negative light.  This is by far the most noble quality any human-being can possess. Knowledgable without arrogance.  Respectful without doting. Attentive without annoyance.  I felt as I had known him forever and yet he was not too familiar.  His affinity for others to have "the experience" could not be seen by the naked eye because the level of skill was almost hypnotic.  I find that it was my privilege to be in his presence because of the deep respect and love for his craft was just that apparent.   He has a way to make one of the hardest jobs seem so effortless and I believe it is because of love. Of course the food speaks for its self. A million thank yous to the chef and team that went above and beyond to make our tastings and experience that more enjoyable.   I firmly believe the concept is to have greatness and love in your offerings and people will undoubtably come.  However, it is service that will create a bonding relationship to last a restaurants lifetime.  Last night that bond was created. The Painter and I are now family forever. Bravo!
