It's takes a lot of effort to cause someone to go from evangelist to hater, but, sadly, this is where I now am with Barbuzzo, and here's the down and dirty as to why: 1) The menu was designed for "twice a year" diners: for all intents and purposes, it hasn't changed since they opened and has become boring to anyone who has been more than three times.  It's super heavy in the summer and much more appropriate in cooler months. 2) It's hard work cooking on a line.  I've done it.  But it has become clear that some of the kitchen staff don't have a respect for the food, and actually are quite content pushing out undercooked plates for the sake of turnover.  (If you read closely through other reviews, you can see this as a trend, even on otherwise positive summaries.)  They are simply pumping out the dishes as quickly as possible to turn over tables, and this has taken a toll on the quality of what is being served.  This phenomenon has ruined three meals I have had here in as many months. 3) This is the main reason I probably won't ever go back: the service is inconsistent.  And I'm not talking "efficient but not warm"...more like "I'm going to treat you like crap and not even pretend you are spending money here".  When kitchen mistakes happen at Barbuzzo (as they do at every restaurant), I have been treated as though I have no idea what I'm talking about despite spending a few thousand a year on dining in Philly.  Forget an apology.  There is no admission of wrong doing as if they are afraid they might have to comp you something!  Very classy way to run a business.  I have no idea if this is from top down, or just a rotten serving culture at this place, but the attitude is PALPABLE.   This isn't detectable at any of Barbuzzo's competitors like Amis or Garces Trading.  If they make a mistake, the KITCHEN is embarrassed and sends out a new plate fast, no questions asked.  Here, the kitchen either doesn't care, or I don't know... there is no management!  It seems likes the guys making pizzas call the shots.  And to be honest, it doesn't take kitchen experience to know when something is room temp on arrival, folks. I dislike Stephen Starr, but I have never encountered misdirected attitude from his servers like this.  And yet it has become a common occurrence at Barbuzzo.   I have dined here at least 15-20 times since they opened, but I'm afraid this place needs a reality check.  You are no longer the only kids on the block, and you need to start treating your customers with some respect.  If I had efficient (but never rude) service with consistent experiences with the food, I could live with an unseasonable menu and cramped seating, but why should anyone endure verbal insults from servers expecting 20% tips regardless of how they treat you or the quality of what they serve you?  It was nice knowing ya while it lasted.  Good luck with "Barbuzzo 2" when it opens across the street...
