BEWARE! NOT A FRIENDLY PLACE! READ ON TO SEE THE REASONS! Went to Agricola the other night for dinner and drinks with my father.  It was my father's 4th time here and my 2nd time (which will actually be my LAST time as I will never step foot in this horribly ill-mannered place).  We are frequent diners at all of the top high end restaurants in Princeton because of the close proximity to where we live. Our favorite spot in a restaurant is sitting at the bar.  The bar to us is the best place to see all the action, have the most fun while dining and receive the best service in the house (but NOT in this case).  Well, our dream of having a nice pleasant evening turned into a down-right nightmare. When we first arrived, I ordered a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers. I received my glass of wine and food. After I already consumed my wine and was still working on the apps I asked for a refill on the wine.  The bartender asked for my ID.  ID?  I already had a drink.  I'm 32 years old and look it too.  And, why wasn't I asked for ID with my first drink?  I haven't the faintest idea and neither did the people sitting next to us.  The bartender told me that the "barback" served us the first round. So, why was I penalized for having a bartender that was not there to greet us and serve us at the outset? Then the manager stepped into the act.  She told me that it's an ABC thing.  So, as inconvenienced as I was, I had to leave my meal to go to my car which was parked down the street in a garage to get my driver's license. When I returned I handed over my ID to the bartender who informed me that my license had just expired a couple of days ago.  I offered other forms of identification and my father, who shares the same name as me, could have vouched for me.   By the way, NJ state law allows people 100 days to correct their license.  The bartender should know the law, so why didn't he accept my license... the police do!  They denied me my second glass of wine.  We left and went to one of our favorite spots... Mediterra for dinner; and then to the Witherspoon Grill for dessert and after-dinner drinks.  It's a shame, Agricola could have had us for the whole shootin' match and retained us as good quality patrons.  But, they blew it! The actions at this clapped up joint is totally unprofessional and has terrible customer service!  Maybe Agricola should leave the farm and go work for homeland security!
