Worst New Years ever. I really don't want to even leave one star. Arrived at Moshulu at 830pm. Our dinner reservation were for 9pm. We were told we had to wait, understandable. After we got seated to our table, our waitress came over about 20 minutes later to take our drink order, we had a party of four. drink orders came out, minus mine. after approx. 15 min or so mine came out with an apology. Waitress stated they were very busy. Well its New years, I would expect they would be busy and have extra staff, that was not the case. Saw other people complaining. Drink was wrong and when asked for another one was told they did not have any shakers that were clean, on top off that the proper glasses were not used, martini drinks were put in bourbon glasses. Asked for it dirty with blue cheese, was received just olive juice and undrinkable. was starving at this point as we already placed our order but again was 2 hours late. We only ate the 4 pieces of bread on the table and the lobster bisque. Our waitress we saw 2 times in 2 hours. had one glass of water, no refill no drinks and no food. After 2 and half hours our food came and was not what I ordered, on top of that it was over cooked and none of us even had the proper utensils to eat with. At this point midnight is approaching and we got the package deal. Asked numerous times to speak to the manager and was told an adjustment would be made. Well lets just say the adjustment was them taking off the waitress tip that was 20 percent of the bill. We were not told tip would be added when reservations were made. I have eating in many restaurants and have never had tip added unless it was a party over 6, we had 4. The manager came over with an attitude and we explained this was the worst experience ever. They even messed up the dessert. The crème brulee was cold, never heated up or fired up. The manager took only one hundred dollars off, and said he would do no more. He literally threw it on our table. I reluctantly paid for this meal, only because I did not want to get charged with theft. The package deal which included the fireworks was another joke. There were no heated tents and we were so late getting to top deck we missed most of the display. I am disputing this bill with my credit card company, and I can only hope Moshulu will make things right. If not we will seek a more drastic course. Please anyone who had a bad experience that night call your credit card company, call the owner. If we all stick together maybe we will get our money back. As far as the memories of ringing in the new year we will never. By the way the peanut butter sandwich at 2am was the best sandwich I ever had.
