Meme has proven to be a gem of a find for those seeking an eclectic menu, especially when it comes to tapas style food. I signed up for yelp just to comment on this place. My girlfriend and I had gone there one one of our first dates and really enjoyed our tapas, and had been saying for several months we needed to try it again.  We went there yesterday and I really must say, it's a home run. They start you off with a nice little sampler of veggies in oil, olives and fresh bread. We did another round of tapas, this time largely of selections we didn't sample the first time... delicious. The almond crusted scallops were cooked perfectly with a very nice sauce; the chicken kebab was juicy and the cucumber yogurt was fantastic. The food is spiced well. It's not hot, but it's not bland. Right up my alley at least. Our favorite has become the beets with goat cheese and pine nuts. I would suggest it as a starter for anyone going there. The ricotta gnocchi were the only "bland" thing we had, but I feel ricotta doesn't pack a big punch, and gnocchi themselves are generally, well, tasteless, regardless of where you get them. Meat sambusak also pretty good. The first time we went I had the foie gras crostini, also excellent. Some folks around us had entrees which we overheard them saying were very good the first time, and a gentleman by us ordered the salmon entree that looked absolutely great. The service at this restaurant is excellent as well. Our waiter was well versed in each of the dishes and held strong opinions on them, which I think is important in a restaurant, that the wait staff knows what they're serving. He also offered a wine to pair based on our selections. The decor is simple but inviting. Sometimes "less is more." The portions on the tapas are sized so that two can share 4-5 as a "dinner" or "lunch" to get a nice "tour" of the menu where you will leave full, but not stuffed. One entree per person is plenty.   Only thing keeping this away from a 5 is that we haven't been there to eat entrees yet. That's on my to do list very soon. Once that happens, it would take a "kitchen nightmares" situation for it not to be a 5. I'll be sure to review it when we try it again. Consider this a 4 and 1\2...with last 1\2 star pending on entree next visit. Bottom line: I really like it.
