Instant classic. If Vernicks were a professional athlete, it would be inducted into the hall of fame before its career was even over. Based on the food, service and ambiance, this is one of the top 20 finest dining destinations in the city. From the appetizers through the dessert this place has a phenomenal dining experience in store for you. Upon entering the building there's and expectation and anticipation of a good dinner ahead and let me tell you, that feeling comes to fruition. You'll leave the restaurant remembering dessert, but never forgetting everything that preceded it. I think that sets the tone of the establishment, so lets get into the food! We started the evening with a few glasses of Sauvignon blanc and some apps. We had the tartre, the pumpkin and brown butter and I had some of the oysters. The tartare was awesome, one of my favorites that had the pleasure of punching my taste buds and saying "how'd you like that BITCH?". The pumpkin butter bread was pretty good as well. It was complimented well with the pumpkin seeds. The oysters were very good. I'm usually not a fan of ginger and citrus (I prefer cocktail sauce and Tabasco) on my oysters but the citrus wasn't overbearing and blended well. On to the dinner. So we decided on getting the seafood and shellfish roast. At $62 it was for 2 people although being a HUGE seafood aficionado I could have polished this bad boy off myself. So it was a mixture of prawns (head on), small shrimps, clams, mussels, calamari and small pieces of salmon, arctic char, red grouper and also included sausage and potatoes and a few other veggies mixed in. As a disclaimer those pieces of fish that I mentioned could be different. I will go on record as saying that the prawns made the entire dish. They stood out so much from the rest that they overshadowed everything else. Lets move onto the dessert portion of the evening. So the GF decided on the blueberry pie and I settled on the pecan pie. Let me be frank and say , the GF choose flawlessly. It was served warm and served with gelato. If you've ever had a Wawa BB muffin and you really like them then this was like that - times 50. Let me be clear and realize that comapring Wawa muffins to Vernicks dessert might seem offensive but believe me Wawa muffins are pretty legendary as far as muffins go and if you've had them then you know where I'm coming from. It was truly just the best blueberry pie I think I have ever had. My pecan pie was good although I think it would have been better served warm. Hope that didnt come off as a complaint, its just that after that BB pie, the pecan pie just didn't stand a chance. Everything from start to finish was extraordinary. Our waitress, Amber, was excellent. She made herself readily available throughout the entire dinner and we never waited for something more than a few seconds. We also spoke with the manager Caleb who was very cordial and friendly. He was gracious in making sure our dining experience was everything that we thought it should have been, and it was. Its not a question of if we'll be back, its simply a question of when.
