Hello Fellow Waynetonians ... Look, I'm going to really disagree with the 2 gentlemen above me here on this review page for Wayne Brick Oven Pizza.  FYI, I'm not at all associated with this restaurant and I don't know a soul who works there ... nor are there any other "side deals" going on to get me to speak well of the place (do you realize that many online reviews are just plain fakes ... yeah, I know ... there's not much left to trust these days).  If you choose to, YOU CAN TRUST ME.  I love food and I wouldn't jerk you around, waste your money and spoil a dinner for you and your family.  My name is Chris. I live in Pines Lake (Wayne) and have for 25+ years. We used to patronize Rock 'n' Roll Pizza on Hamburg Turnpike near the Wendy's but they closed up shop suddenly and we've not heard a word from them - a real drag.  Wayne Brick Oven Pizza (WBOP) has become our "replacement pizza maker" since that time and while the 2 places couldn't be more different, WBOP is really, really good at what they do and I'm talking specifically about their "Basic Gourmet" pizzas  which have a beautiful thin crust and premium fresh ingredients on top.  Try the most basic one with the mozzarella, basil, sauce, etc.  It's simple and wonderful especially in these days of "I'll Put Anything On Top of Your Pizza."  Seriously, I'm pretty sure that Dominoes is adding a "Hot Dogs and Coco Puffs" topped-pie to the American Legends line of pizzas.  Also, not to be missed in the "I'm sick of pizza" category is  the Chicken Francais served over linguini.  The chicken is always tender,  the pasta cooked just right and the sauce, oh the sauce, is a beautiful thing.  Order the entree with extra sauce because there's a great deal of sauce shrinkage during the takeout/delivery process.  The Sicilian Pizza is quite good because it's thinner than most other places AND try the lightly breaded eggplant on any of their pies. To get the eggplant this nice takes time and you can tell they take their time preparing it.  No chewy purple skin, no awful bitterness and it's "dry" under the breading ... exactly the way it's supposed to be.  Look, nothing's perfect, not even WBOP (their menu is definitely pricey - about $30 + tip to feed a family of four - and that fact cuts down our ordering) but they seem to care about ingredients and preparation and, in this day and age, that means quite a bit. Chris in Wayne
