So very disappointed. I usually love Mediterranean food, and this restaurant sounded very promising, however, I will never be going back. We went to this restaurant on a Saturday night with a coupon for two tapas, two glasses of wine and one dessert to share. We do not drink wine, so when I made the reservation, I made sure to mention that if there was anything at all they could do to possibly accommodate us it would be very much appreciated. The gentleman that took my reservation over the phone said that he would try his best, and sometimes they do allow some substitutions. To be fair, he did not say, yes, but he also failed to mention that we would be so neglected and served so rudely. We got to the restaurant and were promptly seated, and we made sure to immediately let our server know about our preference. He said that his boss said, "the coupon is clear and it is what it is with no substitutions allowed." He added, "Not to sound mean or anything". It sounded pretty mean to me and not at all welcoming. He did say that we could substitute the alcohol with a soda, to which we both said fine. We never received the soda. Now listen, I understand that we were paying "half price", but they got their money way ahead of time and once a coupon is offered, it must be honored. I'm not going to complain that I did not get more food, but let's be realistic here: an extra plate of tapas is much cheaper than 2 glasses of wine. Once our tapas were served, which was fairly quickly, we began to enjoy the food. We got a plate of the Gambas a la Plancha and one Lomo de Cerdo. The plates were warm and the food was pleasant, but not extraordinary. One of the servers came over to refill our water glasses, and spilled water all over my plate. He muttered a "sorry" and then walked away. He did not offer to replace my plate or offer me something else. Half of my plate was inedible, and at those prices, that's a lot to lose. When our tapas were done, the server asked if we wanted more food, which we did not, since we wanted to get out of there as soon as humanly possible. We chose the profiterole for dessert, which was quite delicious, and when they brought over our plates, one of them was dirty with a massive grease stain on the plate. When we pointed it out to the server, he seemed very perturbed, but replaced the plate with a cleaner one. By the end of our dinner, we were so over this place that we asked for the check while we were still finishing up dessert. It's a shame since the food was not half bad, but I must agree with the other reviewers that the service is deplorable. I've been better served at McDonald's, and that is no exaggeration. If you would like a pleasant Saturday evening, and one with no aggravations, I would suggest dining somewhere else.
