I have never written a negative review before but  have had enough of the Americana Diner.  I Have been going to the Americana regularly for years and have loved it until this past year.  It has become the greatest rip off in the state of New Jersey and I have become shocked at their greed.  Most of the food is of good quality but even good quality has limits on what it's worth.  They now print and re-print their menu nearly weekly and each time they do they RAISE prices.  What used to be an okay price for a burger is now outrageous at $9 with nothing on it.  Stuffed french toast used to be around $7 and within the last two weeks it is now up to $9.  A simple plate called the Trio of Salads consisting of regular tuna, egg and chicken salads in less than a year has gone from $11  to $14 with the size of the portions now that of a small ice cream scoop.  They have also CONSIDERABLY CUT ALL OF THEIR PORTIONS and they try to fool you by using smaller bowls and plates!  Their bowl of soup now has a large empty rim and the portion is only up to the line which makes it less than half way full.  They now use smaller glasses and coffee cups. Truly the world's smallest cup of coffee and they don't frequently offer refills.   They have used every possible technique to raise prices outrageously and cut portions.  They must be the most expensive diner in the state and their prices are NOT justified.  You can do much better in Manhattan.  They have abused their loyal group of clients and have made people like me feel like a fool for continuing to go there.  There are no dinner specials at decent prices either.  What a terrible thing to do to a once great place.  Clearly they are in need of better management or ownership and should  to try to at least make an attempt at caring about the customers they serve and those who have supported them for many years.  Loyalty should not be a one way street.  $24 entrees are now the norm.  I think they have forgotten that this is a DINER. If you want to be ripped off then this is the place for you.  Terrible.  Shamefully greedy establishment.
