A mistral is a cold, dry wind that blasts the north Mediterranean. Why someone would name a restaurant this I had no idea, but after eating I saw this was a surprisingly apt name. Like the namesake wind, the unpleasantness starts with the entrance. The door is placed to the back and far side, and everyone who was in our party needed two tries to find the entrance. Past restaurants in the same space did not have this weird arrangement. But perhaps a mistral-based restaurant is bound to have an narrow entrance that jostles the patrons on arrival, just as the mountains of France jostles the northern winds. The ambiance too seems fitting for a wind: loud and disconcerting, and  conversation is impossible. I admit, the decor was lovely, and the waitstaff was very friendly. But a restaurant must serve a pleasurable meal in order to be considered successful. The apparent culinary theme of Mistral is disorientation. Mistral's tiny, expensive dishes are artfully arranged, but the consumption of these little tableaux did not match their visual aesthetic, or sometimes even their descriptions. Their homemade drinks were very enjoyable, though a bit tart: I had a Thai basil lemonade, another had the blackberry kombucha juice.  A single, small rectangular plate is where all one's food must be placed, which unfortunately has the effect of mixing all the sauces together and must be scraped off if one does not want sardines, caper aioli and kimchi on one's gnocchi. The appetizer salads, the cucumber salad and the vegetable salad were pleasant, if a bit boring.  The spring vegetables a la greque were completely overwhelmed by the two sardines, and thus the entire plate was as well.  The kimchi pancakes would be a clever idea in theory, but thick, tough cabbage stems took away the overall crispiness of the pancake. The entrees fell into three categories: delicious, but small portions meant not everyone got a chance to enjoy; very fatty or oily; and "mostly radish." The octopus and perch were delicious, as was the gnocchi, but having only seven individual gnocchi was disappointing. The chicken yakitori was a bit rubbery, and the fact that it was perfectly prism shaped was unsettling. The onsen egg was an oily soup.   The sashimi was okay, but for a fourteen dollar dish, it was maybe five pieces of fish and thirty slices of radish, under which the sashimi hid. The roasted beet salad - the dish I had looked forward to for the entire meal - had four gems of beet which promptly disappeared. By the time the plate was before me, there were only radishes. Now I love radishes, but for thirty dollars a person my experience of eating radishes in different sauces was upsetting. The dining experience was like trying to snatch flotsam and jetsam in a windstorm. Sometimes the morsels were delicious, but before one got to savor it, it was gone. Sometimes flavors that didn't quite match were smashed together on one's plate for no reason. Sometimes, you just get radishes. Mistral fits its name head on.
