My family and I have been frequent patrons of Raymond's for almost 10 years. Our party of 3 was there for brunch on Sunday 4/20. We first noticed that the menu's format had been changed and some familiar dishes were no longer listed. All three of us ordered the MIGAS egg dish and it was inedible!  It was smothered with 75% cheese on a 3 egg omelet, chopped up peppers, onions, soggy strips of taco shell and diluted salsa. I was very hungry and made the mistake of eating a little less than half of it, but the other two members of our party immediately complained and asked to have their dishes returned. One of the two in my party had lost his appetite after tasting his dish and passed after the server asked if wanted something else. My girlfriend did take the server up on a replacement and ordered the "safe" french toast. Since the MIGAS was prepared so differently from the dozens of times that we had ordered and enjoyed it,  I asked the server if the restaurant had hired a new chef? She confirmed that they did. So I guess that partly explains why the food was so awful.. So about an hour after I consumed the the MIGAS, I started to feel a rumbling in my stomach and sparing ya'll the gory details, let's just say that I spent the rest of the afternoon dealing with severe abdominal distress in the bathroom! Over the many years that I've frequented this restaurant, the food had been consistently been above average (for the exception of the over ambitiously prepared Mediterranean Burger). The only consistent complaint that I've had with Raymond's was the ear bleeding noise level. Since the restaurant was designed by the same firm that designed Keith McNally's Patis and Balthazar in NYC there is an abundance of sound reflecting hard surfaces: tin ceilings, ceramic tile floors, bare wooden table tops and acres of mirrors lining the walls, the cacophony enabled by all of the sound bouncing off all of these flat/hard surfaces is enough to drown out a conversation between people sitting across from each other that in turn causes everyone to end up shouting at each other thus increasing the sound level even higher! I would also like to take this opportunity to make a suggestion that the owners do something to isolate  and reduce the sound of crashing glasses, plates and silverware that occurs just outside the kitchen where the bus station has been set up, as this only adds to the sound level turning it up to the level of unbearable if you happen to be seated anywhere near the back of the restaurant.
