I have tried many japanese restaurant before and this is the worst. I have made my reservation after reading good reviews about this restaurant. To my surprise it was quite a horrific experience and very expensive lesson learnt too. 1. Something is not quite right if the customers are all caucasian and not a single japanese patronizing. Always a tell tale sign when the locals are not even coming. 2. We ordered omakase. And omakase in japanese means the best and freshest for the day. Well, this was not the case. The first plate of sashimi we had tasted like something we buy from the supermarket that was left on display for many hours. To add to the insult, the fish was not even sliced properly by Japanese standard. I am horrified that this was even served. A remark to the waiter that the sashimi wasn't fresh was met by a puzzled look and walked away without an apology. This is quite unheard of in a Japanese culture. 3. Next was several plates of sushi. Sushi was served in 1 plate meaning its like communal dining. For USD $120 per person I would have expected a bit more personalized or individual serving. 4. The sushi with oysters, clams was fishy and uneatable. I almost felt sick and wasn't sure if I was going to throw up. I couldn't even swallow my sushi and had to spit it out. We left the rest untouch and try to ask the waiter if he would like to try it for himself. He just shag his shoulder and took our plates away. 5. There was a tiny piece of shell in my oyster sushi and I dismissed it. Then there was another in my uni sushi. This time I told the waiter and he said that it is salt. I am quite horrified with how a piece of salt is so hard, sharp and not melt in your mouth. 6. The rice that was used in the sushi was dry and felt like cheap Japanese rice. It does not even stick properly together. 7. End of 1 sashimi and 4 sushi later the waiter came and ask if we are still hungry and if we would like to add any other chargeable items. We were left perplexed. We are certainly far from full and still unsatisfied. There were no variation of food for the omakase, no basic miso soup served, no hot items, no desserts. So after having paid for so much we need to pay extra to fill our stomach? We decided to just leave and walked to grand central station for a more satisfying shake shack burger. I am warning all potential customers. Unless you got too much money to spent and don't know anything about Japanese food, you can attempt to try this restaurant. It's shocking how a Japanese run restaurant can turn out to be so bad. Japanese take pride in their food and almost every aspect of things that they do. For them to even dish out something like what I had tonight, they must have been blind, not japanese or totally cannot be bothered at all. Its the most horrific experience in new York or even my lifetime of eating Japanese food.
