Mac's tavern is a perfectly prepared filet mignon served between two pieces of wonder bread. The beer selection is amazing but the bar tender is a beertard (now don't go getting all offended, I truly mean his bear IQ is bellow 70 points so what I am saying is actual fact). There was an expensive ale with high alcohol content so I thought maybe double IPA even though it was not labeled as such. I ask beer dude to clarify, and he replies "uh...yah". Is this him being a douche bag or is he unsure? I throw caution to the wind and order the beer. Not double IPA, not IPA at all. In fact, beer completely lacks any hoppiness. Here is my advice, bartenders of Philadelphia, when you are unsure don't make the mistake that your customer is clueless as well. Just pour them a tiny sip and the worst that could happen is they don't purchase said beer and they pick something they are happy with. Come on people, this is bartending, not rocket science! Strike one. My pals arrive and we head to a table. We all order our food and in very little time, it starts materializing at our table. The mac and cheese is orgasmic. Who would have thought that some crushed up corn chips on top would make all the difference? The french onion soup is also very good, although I feel that the spare rib is overkill. The burger came out perfectly prepared and even the meatloaf sandwich is something to leave out of your conversation with mom so as not to make her jealous. The only problem is that not one of these delectable food items belong to me. The server forgot to punch in my order. Now don't get me wrong, I have a soft spot in my heart for servers as I was one for many years. BUT... girl wrote everything down. How do you forget something that is staring up at you from the paper in your hand? When my poutine (fries with gravy, cheese, spare rib meat) does finally arrive it is awesome. Except that all my friends are finished and ready to leave. Strike two. The final strike is the rediculously loud music that makes it impossible to converse over an extremely tasty dinner. The food and beer are filet. The service and atmosphere are wonder bread. The complete incompetence of the staff is very reminiscent of the joint's namesake. Sorry, Mac-Dude the irony on this one is lost on me.
