First off, let me say I'm a major nerd, geek, otaku, whatever you wanna call it. I love going to karaoke and singing my favorite nerdy songs in Japanese in private rooms with my friends to avoid the inevitable confusion of if I sung them in public. This review focuses on that aspect, because I know there are others out there like me who need to know this stuff before choosing a karaoke location. (Though it's not like you have other choices in Philly.) If you want to sing Japanese songs, you have to ask ahead of time when you make your reservation so they can set up the DAM system. I didn't know that when I reserved, but they set it up anyway because they weren't busy. I really appreciated it, the staff was very kind. If you have been before and used a crappy old Chinese system, they have replaced it, but the default is an English system, you have to ask for Japanese songs. The system, DAM, is probably my 2nd favorite Japanese karaoke system. If you can read Japanese, you can search their song database here: clubdam.com/dam . My top favorite system is JOYSOUND which includes many otaku, internet, and doujin music including Touhou and songs from Nico Nico Douga video website etc. But to the average weeaboo who wants normal anime/game songs, or of course to the average person who only wants regular songs, it should be fine.  (It has a ton of English songs too and is pretty up to date.) You can find lots of seiyuu idol, PC game, tokusatsu, and net radio music too. Also, after you ask for DAM, you should also ask for the Japanese remote, which is a touch screen where you can search for all the latest songs not in the printed books yet. You can still use the books too if you have friends looking for English songs. But keep in mind: Japanese knowledge is needed to use the remote and read the lyrics on screen. You only need basic knowledge though, there is furigana on the kanji. Anyway, besides the karaoke... Service: Good, the staff was very kind and helpful. They hooked up the DAM system even though I didn't know it had to be requested. I read in another review that they made your entire party wait if one person was late, but that didn't happen to me when we had a late comer. Food: Pretty good selection of Japanese food including some rare stuff like takoyaki. I stuck to the sushi (on sale on Wednesdays) which was yummy. My friends enjoyed their meals too. Decor: Nice, modern, sleek, even a neat glass for the water. Though to be honest, I don't care much about decor. Still, it feels classy compared to other karaoke I've been to (including in Japan and NYC.) Price: If you go on a weekday, the karaoke private room hourly rate is half price, and there are different food / drink specials each day. If you are paying full price, it's a tad steep, but still average based on the other karaoke places I've been to. Overall, a great karaoke experience for those looking for private rooms. It's the only one of it's kind anywhere near Philly that I know of, but even comparing it to the ones I've been to in NYC, it ranks well.
