Great food, poor value. I'm a fan of the other restaurants Chef Michael has had a hand in around the city, so I was excited to try out Sampan.  4 of us went on Friday night. First off, the food was fantastic. Everything we tried was great. The restaurant itself is pretty nice. The lights on the walls are neat, and they change color. Although the blue was kind of harsh and bright. So since we liked the food and thought the place was pretty nice, the gripe we had was in the portions and price. Going in, we expected it to be expensive. We're perfectly willing to go to an expensive restaurant in Philly.  And we understand that this is sort of 'Tapas' type of place. The issue is how much you got for what you paid.  Example, the cheesesteak dish was $12 for 4 little 'steaks.'  Each one was literally one bite, so each of us got one bite, at $3 *per bite.* Same with most of the plates we ordered. Edamame Dumplings - $7 for 4 tiny bites.  Mixed Greens Salad - $8 for just enough that each of us got a small portion. I'm not asking for or expecting huge portions for 'small plates' type dishes. But considering the prices, would it kill the bottom line to provide more than the most meager of helpings? Though to be fair, the 'Meat & Fish' dishes were spot on for what we'd expect for the price.   However, the final kicker came with desert. We ordered the Banana desert (can't find it on the website to check the full name) Because there were 4 of us, the desert came out with 4 of the small bites each.   Then, according to the bill, the desert typically is 3 bites for 9, and $3 was added for the extra bite.  So $12 for dessert where each person at the table got a taste.   Compare to other restaurants Michael has opened (Buddakahn and Pod), or any other reasonable restaurant in the city, and $12 ought to get you a desert that is so good you must finish it, but big enough that you struggle to eat the last bite.  Considering the banana desert consisted of 40% fresh banana (57 cents a pound), the price to portion (ie, value) was just insulting. We left sated, and happy with the quality of the food. But considering the value of the dishes, there are dozens of other places we'll go in the city before ever returning to Sampan (or recommending the place to friends.)
