Cold, windy fall nights do something to people from New Jersey, something bad, very bad indeed. Loss of electricity does something even worse, and the combination of the two? Well, that was my predicament a few days after Sandy hit hard in Upper Montclair. We were camping out in the local Starbucks, trying to huddle together for wifi service, the mob around us angrily griping about the periodic slowdowns we were all experiencing. A couple groups were trading wind stories, sharing a couple of crumbly, day-old scones in a vain attempt at normalcy. "What the hell! I paid for this coffee and there's no service here!?" A fairly large lady groused to her husband, who looked equally as miserable. The cashier tried to kill them with her eyes. So did everyone else in that deity-forsaken over-roasted pit. A couple of vagrant teens shuffled by the open door. From the looks of them they hadn't had a hot shower in 2, maybe 3 days. But there was something different about the youth that night. They were...could it be? Laughing! As they passed, so did my jealousy and bewilderment at that most wonderful noise. I hunched back over to my dimly lit work, a cruel reminder that the modern capitalist world stops for no superstorm, man-caused or not. But something stopped me dead in my types. A scent, spicy and vinegary and of so exotic, slapped me right in the nostrils. I perked up, my head swiveling around like an anti-air cannon, primed and ready to fire my face into whatever the hell that other-worldly smell was coming from. Then I heard that amazing noise again, that laughter. Realizing that the only 2 things good in this new world were coming from my most mortal enemies, teenagers, I gritted my teeth and closed my laptop. I was hungry, dammit, and I wasn't going to let some hip hopping young punks mock me from right under my nose. I rushed outside, cornering the rebels on the bench they were sitting on. "What are you eating! Where did you get that!" I shouted at them, most likely foaming at the mouth, I don't really remember everything about this part. I was very hungry.   "Whoa, dude. It's just Falafel Hut. Chill, man." I didn't understand their "lingo," but I knew where this so called Hut was. I ran in that general direction, dragging my wife behind me. Those whippersnappers were laughing again, but I knew, deep down, they were impressed with my courageous attempt to feed my wind-torn family. They were laughing out of pure respect. We arrived to find the Falafel Hut open, sparsely occupied yet impressively busy. It was a small Hut, maybe fitting 30 people at the most, with pictures of stuff on the walls and tables with things on them. The smells coming from the open air kitchen were ambrosia to my nose follicles. Lemon, olive oil, hummus, tabouleh, garlic, beef and lamb roasting; these are the real reasons open air kitchens exist. We ordered from an extensive menu featuring such exotic Israeli staples such as: Cheesesteak, Chicken Wrap, and the venerable House Salad. My wife opted for a lamb kebab dish, myself; a falafel pita with hummus on the inside. We paid, an average amount, cheap for a date night, and sat down, saliva pouring out of seemingly every orifice of my body. It was merely a matter of minutes before plates of steaming hot food were presented to us. The pita I picked up had the weight of a good solid paperback novel to it, not so large as a Game of Thrones, not so light as Of Mice and Men. I was impressed by the heft. My first bite into my falafel laden-pita was savage, a huge morsel entered my mouth, singeing my sinuses and electrifying my tastebuds. Pickled radish, garlic, thick, fluffy falafel and sharp dill pickle slices swirled together in a cacophony of taste, a symphony of smell! I must have been moaning while chewing again, because my wife hid her face in shame and refused to talk to me for the duration of our stay at the Hut. I couldn't have cared less. For all I knew, I was married to the one who was filling my life with true meaning; my falafel sandwich. It was incredible, the falafel was moist yet fluffy, an impossible texture paradox that miraculously stayed true to the last bite. The hummus was garlicky and creamy, binding the filling together with ease. The sharp bite of the pickles, tabouleh and radishes played a perfect backdrop for more mouthfuls of tender fried falafel. My body was warm now, satisfied and calm, 3/4 of the way done with my religious experience of a meal when another surprise popped up. A toothpick emerged from the inside of my pita, stained pink with delicious pickling juices. "What a delightful gesture!" I thought, using the pick to clean my teeth of some stray strands of parsley. "Including a toothpick with the sandwich! How thoughtful."My wife just scowled at me, a Gollum to my Frodo, the falafel begetting the One Ring. Her meal must have been amazing too! She didn't even talk to me for the whole car ride home! 9.5/10...would eat again!
