The BeeHive Oven Café is one of those rarities in New York, but particularly in a self-important Williamsburg, that feels genuinely like home. I and my boyfriend were greeted by John, the friendliest man that you may ever meet in New York, and he showed us to our table in the cozy space. Say hello to John, ask him questions, he's an absolute stand up gentleman. Adorable pasta strainers for shades, a humble staff, a drool-worthy menu, inventive riffs on classics drinks (try the Prickly Pear Lemonade. Just... just do it) and the wine and beer selection of a veteran Brooklyn spot, this place surprised and delighted me in the best way. We shared the jezebel wings (delicious, chutney like, the perfect balance of sweet and spicy), downed our Prickly Pear lemonade (seriously, get it) while munching on the welcome plate that each table receives (veggies and a delicious buttermilk dressing). I then had the Moselle while my boyfriend created his own biscuit sandwich (re-read that sentence: you can create YOUR OWN BISCUIT SANDWICH). The Moselle came with fried chicken a fried egg, collard greens and hot sauce which I opted out of and am happy I did so because I was really able to experience the delicious taste of the Beehive Oven's fried chicken. We're talking on par with Sweet Chick a few blocks away and the Redhead in the East Village. Treat yourself to it. I can't let you know how my boyfriend's dish was mostly due to it being gone by the time I was halfway through with my own food. He sighed a hearty appreciation though, which is a great sign given how particular he is. Not wanting to miss out, I ordered the Prickly Pear Mimosa (are you seeing a theme here?) and ordered a slice of the Red Velvet Cake with the boyfriend opting for the Banana Bread Pudding. The mimosa was delicious but the cake took the ... well, the cake. Soft, buttery, delicious and MASSIVE. I almost couldn't finish it and then found the will and courage to devour it entirely. The atmosphere at the Beehive Oven is comfortable and inviting, the prices cannot be beat, the food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and I'm writing this mostly because I want this place to be massively successful. That said, it's a hard to think that it might get too popular, because I don't want to have to wait for the phenomenal biscuits. Or the Prickly Pear lemonade. Which you should get.
