Maialino also deleted my original post!!  Accept your fate of a 2 star average and stop deleting posts.  It will be my life's goal to bring the average star rating of this restaurant down. Update: deleted my second post when uploaded my review again.   ------ My original post is below: Oh Danny Meyer, if only you knew how horrible some of your wait staff is, you would totally fire their a$$es. I wanted to take my boyfriend out for a nice night after work, so I booked a spot here for Restaurant Week. Little did I know, they didn't have a Restaurant Week Dinner menu. Fine. I'll deal. Our waitress, Guiliana seemed promising at first... Stressing the AT FIRST. We waited 20 MIN until she took our orders. By then I realized she was derping when she scuffled over and squeaked that she "didn't forget about us." Ok lady, you were chatting up a storm to the 2 tables next to us. You totally forgot. Our appetizers didn't come out until 20-25 minutes later. The table who sat down before us already had their appetizer come out 10 minutes after we ordered. WUT. When the appetizers finally did come out, they were very underwhelming. The octopus was overcooked and the prosciutto di parma slices were so sad looking. PROSCIUTTO DI PARMA was sad. One of the most glorious cured meats and they managed to make it look sad. 40 MIN LATER... We got our entrees and they were both salty. The squid ink pasta was atrocious and my ox tail parpadelle was over salted. It was so salty that my tongue hurt. At this point, I was starving and ate it only out of necessity. Our waitress totally derped again when getting our check, meaning she didn't even get our check nor did she ask us why my boyfriend's meal was untouched. At this point, my boyfriend called over another waitress who called over the manager and had the horrible squid ink pasta taken off. It's such a shame cause you would think this place would be on par with everything: food, service, hospitality. But we felt rather unwelcomed. The place was filled with a waspy crowd and was very bourgeoise. Bleh. If you're looking for wonderful Italian, go to Osteria Morini. That place has HANDMADE PASTA. Maialino has DRY PASTA. WTF, for the price you're paying, I'd expect freshly made pasta. As Gordon Ramsay would say, "Wow, what a shame."
