Yesterday my sweetie and I were headed to the bank and noticed Imocha. We had never seen the place before, and since we both lived in California for a long time, we are usually not impressed with Thai food on the east coast. The lovely, appealing look of the restaurant, and our excitement about having a Thai restaurant in town helped us to overcome our wariness and give it a try. I am so glad we did! First, the interior decor and ambiance of the restaurant was every bit as classy and delightful as the outside which had lured us in. Our server, Nat (also one of the owners we later found out) was attentive, kind and welcoming. And the food was some of the best Thai food we have ever had! First we had the Thai iced tea: usually this drink is extremely sweet, but the version at Imocha was perfectly balanced so you get the sweetness you expect but it's not over the top. For dinner we had Tofu Cashew Nut and Pad See Ew. Both were flavorful and delicious. The ingredients were fresh, and the portions were generous. Pad see ew is usually not my favorite as many places make it too oily and the flavors don't do much for me. I chose it this time on a whim, and I couldn't believe how good it was. Everything was seasoned so well. You could tell that the cooks put thought and care into what they were doing. For dessert, we had the most delicious sticky rice and mango I have ever tasted. They serve it with a light sprinkle of toasted sesame seeds which complimented the sweetness of the sweet coconut and mango , which was very sweet and soft. The prices are a little more than what we have seen at other Thai places, but in this case I would say you get what you pay for--the ingredients were fresh and it was one of the best meals I've had in this town, so a few extra bucks isn't an issue. Money well spent! Afterwards, Nat took the time to talk with us and ask us how we liked the food even though it was closing time. She was so genuine and easy to talk with. Everything about this restaurant made us want to come back. We highly recommend Imocha,but we are sure they won't have any trouble getting plenty of business because the food speaks for itself. Wonderful!
