Disappointed. To sum up how my first experience at Bustan resonated. My friends and I went to Bustan with high hopes to celebrate a birthday. Upon calling early in the week to make a reservation we were given the option of a late meal (1030) inside for our group or an earlier setting at 830 in their outside "heated" tent. Let this be a warning to you to not be fooled when they say the "garden seating is lovely" or that "you will love it and it is warm." The disgruntled faces wrapped in layers from every patron in the "garden tent" should have been enough warning to have us turn around. Instead, upon seating at the table you realize they place mega heating lamps that are so bright you will ask to change places with the person across the table- lest you get too tan on one side. Wouldn't want people to assume to went to the Bahamas over night. Further, the tent is quite drafty and said frigid air does wonders on the metal and heavily lacquered wooden ice cube...errrr benches. Fully clothed in a winter parkas, members of our table were shivering enough that the waiter offered us shots of tequila on the house to warm us up. Additionally they had scarves to help us stay warm (though they were the thinly veiled kind that you can buy 2 for $5 or 5 for $10 on the street and effectively did nothing to help the cold). Our table chose to order a number of appetizers and entrees and share all of the dishes "family style." The fragmented delivery of the food and often cold dishes served as a stark reminder that they most likely had forgotten us and didn't account for the fact that they would have to carry the food out into the cold space between the restaurant and tent. After starting some of the appetizers, we realized that they had forgotten 6 of the appetizers that had been ordered. Scrambling, they cleared the table and we had to wait an additional 35 minutes before any food appeared again. I would also add that nothing was done during the wait including a failure to refill water, ask if we wanted additional cocktails or wine, or bread. One of the members of our group seemed as though she could get up at any moment and leave. The food itself had the potential but the execution was poor. Presentation was lackluster and each dish was so close to being good but the sum of its parts hardly resulted in anything necessitating more than an initial taste. Thank god that after everything was finally served we reminded our waited of additional items that had not been served. Those last minute scrambles were the only items that came out warm and tasted fresh. I am glad for the company at the table. We considered the experience to be an adventure and turned to the person whose birthday was being celebrated and all decided to "re-do" the birthday dinner the next night. Oh, and for this being a birthday meal- they never asked if we wanted dessert or a candle (despite being told it was a birthday). Maybe the waiter could tell we were so cold that we needed to get out. What I find sad is that we all wanted to like this place. Perhaps if we were warm we would be more tolerable. But the cold compounded with horrible service and bland food makes this an experience we hope to forget soon. Too bad the check will remind us of just how much bad service can cost in New York City.
