I was desperately trying to find an email address for Casa Mono or B&B Hospitality Group so I could send this message in a private matter, but after scouring the website of both I came up empty handed and therefore have been left to rant on this forum. I had dinner at Casa Mono, which was generally a pleasant experience, except for a couple issues which I believe are unacceptable at any restaurant, let alone one with a Michelin Star. The first issue arose when my wife and I received a plate of cold chorizo meatballs. My wife quickly grabbed one of the three meatballs and consumed it, only to notice it was well below room temperature. I then cut into another one, had a small bite, and noticed the same issue. We promptly raised this issue with our server, who said she would 'remedy the situation'. This stuff happens, so we were not upset and appreciated that they would fix the order. A few minutes went by and to our table arrived two piping hot chorizo meatballs. Although the meatballs were very good, I noticed there were only two instead of the three on the original plate. I asked the waitress about this, and it was mentioned that we had already eaten a meatball so the kitchen only made us 2 to satisfy the order. This really turned me off. We were at Casa Mono attempting to have a nice dinner and evening, and it really felt like the restaurant staff thought I was trying to rip them off by getting an extra meatball or something. This was one of five dishes we ordered, so by no means was this the case. If someone sent back an undercooked piece of chicken or pork that they had bit into, would the kitchen send out a new piece of meat less one bite? I know to some this may seem trivial, but to me it is more of the principle. We ordered a dish that was not executed to its normal standards, and we ultimately received only 2/3 of that dish. However, of course, there was no adjustment to our bill, which we were charged full price. Under normal circumstances, I would not leave a negative review due to an event like this, but some other issues unrelated to our specific meal occurred that made me feel the need to say something... Prior to leaving, I went to use the bathroom. The bathroom is located near the open kitchen and patrons waiting to use the facilities can watch in awe as the chef's create the delicious tapas. As I was watching, and for the most part admiring, their work, I noticed something that really disturbed me. One of the line cooks was moving between stations and dropped his large linen napkin on the dirty kitchen floor, only to quickly pick it up. I was hopeful he would not use it for any food prep after seeing something like that, and also noticed he was not wearing any gloves to protect his hands from any cross contamination. My hopes were quickly crushed as he took the napkin and through it on the wood cutting board that was surrounded by the mise en place (the pre-cut veggies, herbs, etc.). Call me crazy, but this should not happen. If you have an open kitchen, you need to run a tighter crew. A napkin that was on the floor of an active kitchen, which is trampled by feet that are stepping on-and-off subway platforms, over sewer gutters, and across puddle-filled pot-holes should never be placed anywhere near a food prep surface. EVER! I really wanted to like this place. I have been to Babbo, Del Posto, Otto, Lupa and Eataly many times, and really enjoyed my experiences. However, the B&B group seems to have let the slack a bit loose on Casa Mono. I can only hope they are able to tighten up the service and recognize that the incremental cost of a chorizo meatball is probably somewhere around 75 cents and it is not worth shortchanging customers on improperly prepared food orders. Most importantly, I hope they pull the line cook with the pants rolled up just past his ankles (yes, that one) aside and give him a 30 second lesson on general kitchen hygiene. Again, I could not find an email, so in the instance anyone at Casa Mono or B&B happens to read this and would like to discuss this matter further, my initials are BF and I had a reservation for 2 at 8:30PM on Friday 8/15. You should have my number on file and can call me, I would be happy to talk.
