By far the worst eating experience I've ever put myself threw.  I've never written a review before but my experience was so awful it needs to be shared. After arriving we're told it will be a ten minute wait for a table for our party of 4.  Seeing 4 empty seats at the bar we try and sit down to get a drink while we wait.  Upon trying to do this an unpleasant female bartender informs us that 2 of these seats are taken, while there is no sign of this. She makes zero effort to try and take our orders as she just wants us to move, and then puts two dirty glasses on the bar to show the 2 seats are "occupied".   We hear a little later that shes saving them for her two friends, who eventually showed up over an hour after we got their.   We are basically forgotten for 20 minutes as the host goes outside doing god knows what and we are left to wait for him to comeback so he can bring us to our table.  The waitress was the worst.  An awkward snutty girl who doesnt get that shes doing a job. When she brings drinks she reaches over my group violating our personal space, instead of moving her feet to do it properly. it would take 2 or 3 times to have her bring things like cream for coffee or more water as she would forget or is just incapable of maintaining information.   The music is so loud that you cannot have a conversation without yelling.  Not something I look for in a brunch atmosphere.  He blasts some bootleg rap that the host clearly has a some personal connection to, while he dances around.  He dances a lot, something that a customer eating brunch isnt trying to do. Its hard to dance and eat.  An older lady comes and tells him multiple times to change the music and turn it down.  This will last maybe 7 minutes till he turns up the music again. The food is pretty good, but it takes awhile.  I enjoyed my omelet, good quality biscuits, but the gravy was a little suspect.  The bloody marry's are little bit of a mess.  Way too much going on.  With the food and decor this place has some potential to be a good spot but the staff make this place unbearable. It seemed like no one cared and no one wanted to do anything.  The idea of service is foreign in this place and I highly caution people from going there.  Side note my friend in my party was at this place one other time.  He sat at the bar and was ignored for 15 minutes.  This is a trend.
