We just left Labebe Monday 7/14/14 I knew they were still in the pre-grand opening stages and its stormy out so I thought it might be a good time to go. As soon as you walk in you realize there is a modern bistro feel and the way they built this place is just exquisite! Really beautiful. There were only 3 other tables of diners at 7:30. I was very happy about that. A light ethnic music in the background. I have only eaten a few Mediterranean dishes in my life so I was concerned as to whether I would understand the menu. No worries! Everything is broken down into simple descriptions and there are many more choices than just true Mediterranean. The server was a sweet young lady who actually could answer any questions I asked her. I ordered the Lamb Kabob and my husband... I forget the name of his dish but its made from chop meat and I have had it years ago - and he loved it! The presentation of the two dishes was so beautiful I actually took a picture of each! They were around $23.00 each. I had to order the Calamari as an appetizer since we are Calamari snobs. The portion was HUGE!!! It also came with a fresh guacamole and a marinara sauce. I have to say the best Calamari I have ever had! I would go back just for that and drinks! It was one of the higher priced appetizers at $10.00 but worth it. They also brought toasted bread and pita type bread with a dipping sauce that could have used a little more salt to it. I also noticed there wasn't any salt or pepper on the table - good for them I wish I could do that at home - eat the food with the flavor the chef intended not just salt! For dessert thankfully only I ordered a dessert as the Tiramisu was also HUGE! Hubby - who doesn't like sweets ate most of it, since I couldn't! He also had a cup of coffee which was in an oversized mug he said was very good. Our total bill was $66.00 and with the constant attention of the young lady and her gentleman assistant I felt a $13.00 tip was appropriate! The owner also came over and greeted us and asked our opinions. My opinion is this - if you hate crowds like I do, go to Labebe now before their official opening fills the place to the gills! It will be crowded, loud and hard to get a table once word of this place catches on!
