ACT 1: We  had reservations and the table was not "ready" until 20 minutes later and there were empty tables. We went to the bar and sat unacknowledged for 5+ minutes. The bartender flew by and left menus but did not ask if we wanted drinks and was gone.  About 7 minutes later she came back our way and I flagged her down and said we are waiting for our table and would like drinks - she said okay and walked away -- 3 minutes later she returned and took out order 5 minutes later still with no drinks the hostess came to tell us the table was ready. The hostess says the drinks will be delivered to our table. ACT 2: Our server arrived after we had been at the table for more than 5 minutes and asked if we wanted water -- bottled water -- we said no - we'd like the drinks we ordered at the bar now 10+ minutes ago and we'd take ice-water from the tap. Our water came a few minutes later and cocktails finally arrive 5+ minutes after that -- We were more than ready to order -- The server said "Great I will be right back." 3-5 minutes later she returns and we order -- 7-10 minutes later the server returns the kitchen is out of the roasted potatoes that come with 2 of our Steak and Eggs platters -- But we can have DUCK FAT FRIES instead --- GROSS -- I rarely eat fried food and fried in animal fat just grosses me out.  5 minutes later the manager comes by says he is sorry - does not introduce himself and tries to sell me on DUCK FAT FRIES -- I decide to order something else and take a salad with it.  The platter comes with DUCK FAT POTATO CHIPS and no Salad - I ordered the burger -- asked the different server who delivered the meal for ketchup and my salad -- And am told the burger has a tomato relish  something on it and that 'WE DONT SERVE KETCHUP" and leaves. Salad arrives on a 3x3 in square plate with 3 forkfuls of greens and a sour dressing. The burger meat is good but overdone and is served on the kind of egg roll with seeds that you can buy at the supermarket bakery 6 for $1.99.  My friends steak is good and she thinks the DuckFat Fries don't taste like anything other than fries and she wants ketchup too.  Our other friend has a duck salad and has trouble finding the duck. We think the manager did not charge us for a round of drinks or btwn the Server and the Bartender the drinks did not make it to the check.  The manager never stopped back to see if we were okay and enjoying, nor did the server. The place is LOUD and Crowded -- we were so close to our neighboring dinners we could feel the heat coming off their food. Overall - Incredibly Underwhelmed!
