We wanted to take my dad out for a nice dinner to celebrate his 60th birthday, and my grandmother highly recommended Le Virtu so we decided to take him there.  For those who don't want to read the whole long review, I'll just summarize by saying the food was really good, but the service was absolutely horrible; one of the worst I have ever experienced. We made our reservation for 8 people + 1 toddler for 5 pm, purposely making a very early reservation to try to minimize the time it would take to accommodate a large party considering we had our 13 month old with us.  When we got there the table was set up for 8 people, but did not include a chair for my daughter which I specifically requested when I made the reservation b/c we always bring our own booster seat for her. Since it was so early there was pretty much nobody in the restaurant when we got there and it didn't start to fill up until about an hour into the meal. I understand that we were a large group who ordered appetizers and entrees, but since we were pretty much the only people in the restaurant when we got there I think it took WAY too long to get our food.  We ended up being there over 2 hours, and that was with bringing our own dessert since my dad is diabetic and I had gotten a sugar free cheesecake for him.   I ordered pasta for my daughter and specifically asked that they bring a pasta that would be easy for her to pick up and eat with her hands like macaroni or penne.  The waiter said no problem, he would bring her a kids pasta which sounded perfect to me.  Well, after waiting about an hour and 15 minutes to get our entrees, my daughter was STARVING and extremely antsy, wanting to run around the restaurant.  Since it wasn't too busy I walked around with her trying to keep her busy during our overly long wait... Well, I was rudely told by the manager to keep her at our table, which I tried to do despite the ridiculous wait.  When our food FINALLY arrived, they had forgotten my daughter's food!!!  Then, instead of telling me they forgot it, they told me it would be right out and I watched the waiter walk up to the chef and have him get started on her food.  In the meantime I cut my pasta into small pieces and fed it to her by hand since it was the ribbon pasta that isn't easy to pick up.  When they finally brought her food out about 10 minutes later, not only was it steaming hot which isn't appropriate for a 13 month old, but it was spaghetti which is NOT easy to pick up!  I was so angry at that point that I refused to take it and just shared my pasta with my daughter.  The waiter didn't even apologize when I pointed out that she couldn't pick it up and I specifically asked for a pasta that was easy to pick up, all he said was that was all they had.  If he had told me that to start with, it would have been a different story, but since he told me he'd bring her something easy to pick up that's what I expected.   Then, when it was time for dessert this idiot waiter brought out dessert menus even though I had brought a sugar free cake, and then gave me an attitude when I reminded him that I brought my own dessert.  Since they charged me $2/person for the cake, I expected them to put the slices onto plates (it was pre-sliced) and bring them out for everyone, with a candle in my dad's slice.  Instead, they brought out the whole cake on a plate, dropped it in front of my dad with the candle, and then my dad had to serve the cake to everyone!   Considering we spent about $400 on dinner (entrees & appetizers for 8 and + 2 bottles of wine and a couple beers + tip) I expected a much nicer experience and much less attitude.  I don't care how good the food is, there are plenty of places downtown I can go to get great food that has much better service with a much better attitude.  I would definitely NOT recommend coming here.
