Nightmare!  Arrived with relatives from Holland in a party of eight.  Tried to make reservations over the phone, but they don't take them for parties over six.  "Just come in," they said, "the wait is not long."  Arrived around 5:30 on a Tuesday night with the party, and told them that two of the party would be leaving in an hour and would like a reservation for six at 6:45.  "Oh, you don't need a reservation", "if you're going to be here, just come up when you're ready to eat and we'll seat you without waiting".  I told them that I'd really be more comfortable with a reservation, but they assured me there would be no wait.  At 6:45, after spending over $150 on cocktails and apps, two members of the party left, and my wife and four of my Dutch relatives went to desk and told them that we were ready to be seated.  Of course, the gentleman that had told us that we would not need a reservation was nowhere to be found, and we were now told that they did not have a table for six available, but the wait should only be another half hour.  My extremely patient party agreed to wait, while I was reluctant based on the incompetent treatment we had received so far.  At 7:30, my wife went up to the desk and was told it would be "just a few minutes longer".  At 8:00, we decided enough was enough, and told the desk that we would be leaving.  They told us that they were just about to call us as a table had just opened up.  Outrageous! We called the Palm, and asked if they could accommodate our party and hold four Prime Ribs for a few minutes until we could walk on over.  As always, they were happy to have us.  The difference in price is negligible after glancing at the Hillstone menu.  I've eaten at the Hillstone on Park Ave South, and it can only be described as an upscale TGIF.  Combine the mediocre food, steep prices, and reprehensible service, and you've got another restaurant that will not survive in New York, (it did not survive under the name of "Houston's") and is currently working on "strike two".   I have to give them credit though.  Their empty promises kept a large party captive at their establishment for 2.5 hours.  We spent over $200, and we were planning on spending several hundred more.  No one to blame, but myself.  This is what you get from a chain restaurant that has a work-exchange program with TGIF.
