Thank you Ofrenda for making my 5 year anniversary so special. I took my girlfriend to Ofrenda for our anniversary. Every year I like to try new places and after reading great reviews I picked Ofrenda and I was NOT disappointed ! I don't usually write reviews but I've been so impressed with the service that if I don't, I'm afraid no one will believe in great service anymore. To start off, when I made the reservation I made a point to explain the special occasion and asked for a bigger table if possible. When I arrived we had to wait 15 minutes for a table, but it was all worth it when I sat down and was immediately greeted by the manager on duty, He congratulated us on our anniversary and sent over two glasses of champagne, one with a rose in it. She was so happy, she assumed I was up to it the entire time, So tip of the Hat to the Manager for making me look good! On to the Dinner plates. I'm a big guy so the portions were the portions weren't the biggest but the flavor made up for the size. I had the Chicken with mole, and my girlfriend had the fish tacos and she did not share, which could only mean she loved it and we shared a guac. We drank Sangria and Margaritas, I had the jalapeño, a must try! When my girlfriend went to the restroom, the manager came over and asked what her favorite desert was, to which i replied tres leches, Its really mine but its both of our day right?! when she returned we ordered another round of drinks and before she could ask for desert the server approached us with a tres leches decorated beautifully for the occasion. The manager made a point to make me look good and took none of the glory. Our server was a delight, not overbearing and  although by the end of it he seemed to be running around and made us wait for our check for about 15 minutes but by then we were so happy with everything we didn't mind the ambience. By the time we left the Manager was near the exit and very courteously said his thank you's and even opened the door for us. Maybe next year I don't have to look for a new restaurant, and maybe i'll make this our anniversary spot! the only problem is that I'm not sure my girlfriend wants to wait a whole year to go back! Thank you Ofrenda!
