My Girlfriend and I decided to have diner here for Valentine Day. We have ate here in the past and had a good enough meal to come back. Well that ended last night.. Let start with the hostess: We had reservations and got there early so we went to the bar and waited. We then watched the hostess seat numerous couple that were clearly walk ins. she completely forgot about us until we questioned her why we were not seated before these other people. She then took us to our table. The Table: We were seated at a table which had a clear view of the wait station and garbage and dirty dishes on a tray. The VD decorations they had attached to the ceiling tiles which were pushed up so the upper ceiling and all that filth was open above the diners. It took 15 minutes to get service. The waitress had to be reminded several times that we did not get our drinks. it was 30 minutes before they put bread on our table. We then ordered our meal which took an hour to come out. My NY strip which I ordered Med was rare and cold. The garlic mashed potato's were mush and tasted like box potato's. We then boxed up our food and went to the bar to have a drink and listen to Ernie White who is one of my favorite local musicians.  We sat there for 10 mins while the blonde female bar tender talked with her friends and basically ignored us. We finally tired of waiting for this lazy bartender put on our coats and proceeded to leave. We then asked for the manager and had to wait another 10 minutes before one of the wait staff came to listen to our complaint. As we were stating our issues of the night The manager Joe D'errico who was outside smoking and hanging with his friends, walked right by us while we were talking to the waitress. The waitress offered to comp us a drink but at this point we had had enough and I wasnt spending another dime here. While talking to the waitress she related "They were having an off night"  I spent 100.00 here and the best part of the meal was the bread. Scale from 1-10 Hostess-1 Waitress-2 Food -3 Ambiance-ZERO Music-12
