About two years ago, I had the most wonderful birthday lunch,,,a year later I around the holidays, I had a meal that was so bad, it was almost comical. ENO TERRIBLE! It was in late Fall when a friend and I decided to have dinner at Eno Terra. The waiter did a wonderful job on selling us on the menu that night. He spoke of mushroom gnocchi made from lion's mane mushrooms and he described them as "so light and fluffy they melt in your mouth." I could hardly wait...until he brought out four unidentifiable, hairy looking lumps, that swam in what could only be described as MBT broth. Those "gnocchi" couldn't have melted in my mouth even if I taken a blow torch to them. And the taste? Mushroom flavored washers. And this was only the appetizer. Now for the main course... . There must have been a run on mushrooms that evening, because the waiter sold us on a mushroom Bolognese and a agnelotti which I was informed was such a healthy portion that I should only order a half size. The appetizer was a wash, so I was looking forward to stuffing my self with the agnelotti. Out comes the mushroom Bolognese which thankfully wasn't mine. The huge portion of agnelotti I intended to devour consisted of three bite size pieces floating in a yellow broth, with some green herb resembling grass clippings clinging to the macaroni.  Again, Very tasteless, and left me wanting more, out of nothing but hunger and desperation. On to the dessert....Salvation, yes? Not so much. My friend ordered a brownie Sunday, which turned to be a bowl of whipped cream.. When my friend asked "Where's the brownie?" The young waiter pointed out to some random flecks of some chocolate looking substance and said "There it is! There's the brownie!" So the three of us found the brownie along with Waldo. But I had the piece de resistance...A bread pudding with bourbon sauce over Madagascar vanilla bean ice cream. Could go wrong with that one, right? WRONG! For my pudding, I got some broken up French toast, with what tasted like Smucker's caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream which would have been great, had it not a piece of maple flavored bacon jutting out of its top. Over at $125 minus tip later... This was once a really good restaurant...what happened? I felt like I was in a Fellini movie and no one told me I was the star. Bon Apetito...elsewhere.
