So. Jimmy came home one day and started frantically raving about this sandwich he had. The "Thanksgiving Day Anticipation Sandwich" that Bubby's serves in TriBeCa. Something about turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and cream cheese. Sounds weird, but flipping amazing. Plus, he was raving. So. I would like to check out this sandwich, naturally. Jimmy takes me and Krystle there for lunch on a Saturday at roughly 3:55pm (they serve all day, no breaks). They give us the 4-6pm menu (okay, so we're technically in time for the previous menu, but I'm a human being and I understand if they want to switch to the next menu 5 minutes early). Problem is, the turkey sandwich isn't on this menu. Fuck. Oh well, we'll try something else. Ten minutes later (!), we are finally greeted by a server (not ours?). Order drinks. Fifteen minutes later (!), we receive our drinks. Another ten minutes later (!), we finally get to order. Now, I understand there's a weird switch over going on, but you'd think that if they've been doing this for a while, they would have figured out how to not make their guests wait so long for some sort of service. However, I'm a human being, I understand. Moving on. I order a burger, medium rare, side of mayo? "Sure." Okay. (I like my burgers with mayo. Really, it's the only thing I'm picky about when it comes to food. Granted, I'll try a great concoction of a burger sans mayo, but this burger only has one sliced tomato and one leaf of lettuce--not an original creation.) 30 minutes later (!), our food arrives. 30 minutes after we order. Now, you should understand that Krystle, Jimmy, and I can have great conversation. We can amuse each other for well over 30 minutes. We're just not too fond of waiting for food for 30 minutes when we're particularly hungry. However, I'm human, I understand, etc. Now, no server (do we have one?) comes to our table after our food is dropped. I'm missing said promised mayo. I wait roughly ten minutes to see if I can score some, but no one ever really comes near us (I may not be a professional server, but I know how important that approach-after-food-is-dropped step is). Opting to not have a cold burger versus probably not getting any mayo anyway, I sadly give into ketchup. I also find out that it's about medium well. Darn. Cliff notes of the rest of the meal: Takes 15 minutes to get the table cleared after we finished, and ten more to get the check. We're immune to bad tipping, but I don't think I've ever put down my usual 25% so unwillingly before. That was 0 for 1, Bubby's. Second attempt: In the area for lunch with a friend around 1:30pm. Decide to give the search for that turkey sandwich another shot. Upon entering, I ask to see the menu before we ask for a table. Yep, sandwich present on the special's list. Done. Table for two, wait ten minutes (good, considering how busy it looked). Sit down, anticipating an anticipation sandwich. Pretty happy. Busser comes up to us for a drink order, then proceeds to point towards something on the special's list. It's the God forsaken sandwich. Kind of loud, can't hear him. Is he telling me it's good and I should try it? No. "By the way, we're out of this." I'm not one to cry, ever, but I think I came close. (Bubby's is out of what is probably the most popular item they have on the menu at 1:30pm? Wow.) 0 for 2, Bubby's. You'd have the luck of flopping a royal if I considered trying again. (Which...I've flopped a royal before. There's hope, especially since I want that freaking sandwich.)
