I couldn't give it a 5 because I don't think the food is worth a 5 and because of 2 other things that happened.   1) when we arrived, we were told it would be an hour wait.  We waited an hour and 45 minutes plus 3 minutes for the table to get ready.  I don't have a problem waiting for good food.  What I don't like is being told an estimated time and then having to wait double that time.  I would have preferred being told that there were x amount of people ahead of us because alot of people got sat before us many of whom were not there because of their call system.  The hostess asked one couple if they had put their names on the list, they said they had about an hour ago, we had been there waiting for an hour and 20 minutes by that time and they got to sit before us.  what's up with that? 2) As I stated before, we waited 1 hour and 45 minutes for our table.  When we were finished with our food but still having a nice conversation,  they started to clean up our table not to be neat but to tell us, get the hell out.  Several different waitresses did this to us.  We had only been there less than an hour, there were no people waiting outside, and there was one free table.  I don't get it.  what was the rush for?   As for the food, it is only pizza and calzones.  I say this because my friend who wanted to go to this place had read reviews that said the food was good but apparently the reviews didn't state how limited the menu is.  There is no menu because there are only two items.  The pizza was good if you are a thin crust lover but I didn't think it was that much better than La Villa, Grimaldi's, or Totonno's in Coney Island.  I personally thought the calzalones were better than its pizza.  But one thing this place had that the other 3 pizza joints don't is that it had a cozy atmosphere but very loud.  You'll see what I mean if you decide to go. One last thing, it isn't cheap and of course good pizza is not cheap.  But still, I was surprised at how expensive it was.  A plain pizza which has 8 slices is $24.  We got 2 toppings which were $5 a piece.  I think that is kind of expensive for a topping.
