Being twenty-seven and preparing to save for a house and children can be quite trying. Therefore, when the opportunity rises to have a delightful dinner and drinks with my closest girlfriends I jump to it. My friends and I decided to try an up and coming new restaurant in South Philadelphia called August. We planned our outing a week in advance and we were ecstatic to taste the raved about dishes. The atmosphere was cozy, we were excited to enjoy a girls night out; and then we witnessed our first taste of rudeness. My one friend was explaining to our waitress how she anticipated tasting the food; meanwhile our waitress completely ignored her, due to her eavesdropping on the table next to us. Not to mention that we were not offered bread for almost an hour into sitting. However, the table next to us (Filled with men and women in their mid forties to early fifties) were served bread within minutes of arriving. After waiting an hour and fifteen minutes to receive a menu, we finally were ready to observe our delectable choices. Our waitress quickly explained the specials after handing us our menus. Fifteen minutes later she returned to take our order, which we were still discussing. She said " I'll give you another minute." That minute turned into almost ten minutes. We finally ordered our meals. The chef was talented indeed! The food was scrumptious. However, the aftermath of the meal left a bitter taste in all of our mouths. After enjoying several drinks, we also enjoyed stories and laughs. Within seconds of our laughter, we were reprimanded for enjoying ourselves. A hand reached onto my left shoulder, then the slamming of that hand on the table, followed by a stern voice. A small woman shrieked the words "That's enough! I've heard you all night! You've been extremely loud and it needs to stop!" Her words echoed throughout the small packed restaurant. My friends and I were publicly embarrassed by this wretched woman. When our second (very polite and kind) waitress Michelle came to check on us, I created the idea that my husband was a food critic and would be writing about this restaurant. Within minutes the same horrifying woman approached our table again and roared "I don't care who your husband is, who is a food critic... If you were a food critic then you wouldn't be acting like that. This isn't the first time I've thrown out people, and it hasn't effected my business!" With that we payed our bill, gave the waitress a 50% tip on purpose and exited that horrendous display of a restaurant. As we were leaving, two supposed gentleman (roughly in their late thirties) gave my friends and I the middle finger. I don't know if that woman was threatened by our youth and enjoyment of each others' company, but I have never felt so belittled and disgusted by an establishment in my entire life. Nevertheless, I will not be returning and I encourage anyone with self respect not to waste their money!
