I made an account specifically to recount my experience with these guys. I have had absolutely no good experiences with Big Daddy's. The first time I tried a transaction, they had distributed coupons to my college's apartments, yet a day later they didn't work on the website. I tried calling three times to check if it was valid (no expiration date on it) and every time, I was greeted with a "Can YOU HOLD?" followed by a hold and disconnect. I eventually opted for dominoes. THIS time, I decided to try online again because I had no coupons. There were multiple fields for delivery instructions, and I gave fairly clear instructions for both. When I got the call, not only had the driver entirely ignored all of them, he just talked over me until I agreed to come meet him. When I did, he didn't even bother to get out of the car, and insisted that my order was $22, when I had brought the exact change for $21.55. Again, just talked over me and made profane comments about his surroundings until I gave up, and got out the extra $.45. As soon as I had my hand on the bag, he floored it out of the parking lot without even a thank you or goodnight. Check the receipt, and yep, $21.55. So the service is crap, but that isn't even getting to the food. Big Daddy's seems to use even lower quality food than you would find in a freezer at the dollar store. The chicken was flavorless and rubbery - it didn't even pretend to have a consistency like McDonalds does. It didn't seem breaded so much as croutons were glued to it, then drowned in sub-par sauce. The celery and carrots were like colored bits of watery Styrofoam. I paid a solid $5 more than I would have for Wings Over Burlington, and was given what is comparable to the things a fast-food restaurant might throw out after realizing it had been in the freezer for two months past expiration. Food is terrible, service is worse. Oh, and this is just nit-picky, but their website is god-awful. I'm not even a design or art major, and it makes me cringe. 0/10 would not buy from again.
