I created a Yelp account to write this review. That is how strongly I feel about what I am about to say. I came here when Tashan first open in Fall 2011. I loved it. It was the dark, romantic, elegant experience this city needed. Then on top of that, the food was amazing. Lamb chops that fell off the bone. The flavorful palak tiki, which was a delicious play off of the traditional saag paneer. And the best octopus I have ever eaten. Chef Sylva Senat came to our table and talked to us for about ten minutes. It was quite an experience. Unlike anything else in Philadelphia. That should have been my last experience there. I came back a few months ago. My experience was awful. Service was slow and unprofessional. Worse than what you get at Applebees or a fast food restaurant. I could see servers joking around with managers off to the sides of tables. Chef Sylva wasn't there, so maybe Monday's  were the days to avoid. It seemed like we got our first 2 courses at the same time. We were overwhelmed with food on our wobbly, tiny table for 2. Poor call on the server's part. We sat without water and drinks to go with the heaps of food they had brought out. For our third course, we wanted to end our meal with a lamb shank for my friend and a mushroom biryani for myself. The shank arrived. It was as delicious as I remembered. But my biryani took another 20 minutes after the lamb shank arrived. UNACCEPTABLE. The server apologized and blatantly blamed the kitchen. Here's my favorite part. When the manager came over, we could smell the booze on him as he leaned on our table to explain "the biryani is a specialty ordered item and takes time." Basically we were S.O.L. on our fine dining experience. And no one seemed to care that we were upset. Awful night. I am an avid foodie. And I was ready to give Tashan another try, but only on a night when Chef Senat was present. However, I just read that Chef Senat is no longer the chef at Tashan. I repeat, CHEF SENAT IS GONE. This is the biggest mistake this place could have made. I will never go back and I recommend no one else waste their time either.
