While I haven't had the pleasure of dining at the Tap Room yet, I have had the displeasure (on several occasions) of terrible bar service. On one hand, I did receive my beer in a clean glass, and it was nice and cold, but that's to be expected. But the staff are less than pleasant or polite. When I asked how the bartender was doing, a friendly "hi, how are you?", (before I ordered) she gave me a long (unanswered) blank stare, and grumbled "What do you want?" She had the angriest look on her face, was slamming things down on the bar to convey her anger to whatever customer must have aggravated her that night, rolled her eyes at patrons, and pulled me a nice Newcastle Brown Ale. Moving on, there was no where to sit, however the kitchen was closed, so we asked another employee politely if the dining area would be open for seating. She snapped "The kitchen is CLOSED" and we quitely interjected that we understood this much, but that we would like to sit and drink at a table, if possible. She complained as she cleared the forks and napkins from that table (set up for breakfast for the following day.) As she walked away she muttered more complaints under her breath, sneering at other customers who'd done the same as we had. I understand, people have some bad nights at work. But on every single occasion I have been to the tap room, the staff were the same. Never delightful. And what a shame it is that they're so grumpy, because otherwise the bar has a beautiful cozy atmosphere, historic feel, and a decent amount of space. They could have told my friend and I that the tables were not available for bar seating to avoid the task of clearing the table for us. We would have gladly accepted that, and stood. And afterall, we were thankful it was cleared for us to sit, but the server's attitude was apalling. As for the bartender, her personality may not be the happiest, but she's always there with a sour-puss on her face, no matter what. If you can put up with rude and unpleasant staff, then this bar may be worth checking out, once. But probably just once, as I made the mistake of giving it the benefit of the doubt a few more times than necessary.
