There are a lot of positive things to say about this place, however, let me start with making this one criticism perfectly clear: Prices are LUDICROUS. 10 oz pour of De Struise = $15 before tip. 750ml Cantillon Classic and 375ml Cantillon Kriek to go = $43 combined. 750ml of Bruery Mischief to stay = $40. To be fair, they do price differently depending if you are eating there or taking beer to go, but in either case the prices are extraordinarily high. In a city full of expensive but quality beer joints, Cannibal far and away takes the cake as the priciest. The food, which I didn't have a chance to try, is at least impressive looking. Small tapas-style plates as well as some larger entrees, gourmet sandwiches, and a full-service butcher's counter filled with (of course) locally sourced/organic/hormone free meat. My memory isn't perfect, but some of the better looking items included steak tartare, some sort of plated steak dish, half a pigs head (!), and a whole slew of cheese and charcuterie options. The food prices aren't cheap, but they are more reasonable than the beer prices (in line with the usual NYC pricing). Loved the atmosphere. If you, like me, are a sucker for the rustic, Edison bulb, reclaimed wood look that's all the rage in NYC these days, then you'll be a fan. This is enhanced by the variety of jars of oils/vinegars and cured/smoked/preserved meats/vegetables/miscellany lining the shelves (and all for sale). I didn't catch the name of the guy behind the counter who I was chatting with, but he was friendly, knowledgeable, and happy to offer tastes of the tap beers. No complaints here at all. In the end, I'd love to recommend this place.  However, seeing other folks review of the food portions, combined with the utterly insane beer prices, makes this place a hard sell.  I mean, Bruery Mischief is a $11 bottle of beer off the shelf, which means it's likely about $8 or $9 max wholesale, in which case Cannibal is charging over 400% of wholesale and over 300% retail if I want to drink that bottle at the bar.   I'm sorry, but in a world of Good Beer, Bierkraft, Breukelen Bier Merchants, and Brouwerij Lane, this is just not competitive.  Lots of potential, but unless they get their prices in line, it's doomed to failure.
