I was in town on business and met up with a friend from college for what she recommended as "the best italian spot in midtown". Food-wise, she was spot on. Service-wise, urgh! Our reservation was at 7 pm and we arrived 30 minutes early. There were visibly 6 empty tables, but I expect that they were already were set aside for upcoming reservations. No big deal - we happily sat down at the bar and started drinking numerous of the highly overpriced martinis that you expect from the Times Square area. My frusteration began when "Regular A" and his date arrived, with no reservation, and were given a table. At this time, it's about 7:05... still haven't been seated. 7:20, after escalating frusteration, we were finally seated. "Regular A" was happily enjoying his meal at this point. Food was good - Split the Caprese with friend and it was well seasoned with nice pieces of fresh proscuitto. Pasta was well done - cooked perfectly and sauced correctly. If it were just for the food, I'd give this place 4.5 stars. But food can only get you so far. Our waiter checked on us twice - once to take our order and once to see if we want desserts. Otherwise, it was a revolving door of busboys to refill our drinks - until after we said no dessert. Then we proceeded to sit for 40 minutes without anyone checking in on us - or offering the check. We tried multiple times to get the bill, but were ignored for a long period of time. Finally, we gave up and went to the bar area to speak to the manager. Rude, rude, rude. I expect some sort of apology for poor service, not defensive rebuttal. After literally arguing back and forth about how "he was monitoring us" and "we were fine, because we still had a cocktail" we decided that it was just not meant to be resolved and headed out to another bar to finish up the night. This place has the opportunity to be a diamond in the rough of the Times Square chaos, but in order to do so, they need to tweak their service - not just to regulars, but to those who could easily become regulars with good service.
