With out a doubt the WORST restaurant experience I've ever had, and I've been in the restaurant business for almost 20 years.  OUT OF HALF THE MENU AT 6:30pm!  And what they served us was old and awful!!   I planned for weeks to take my girlfriend to Cannibal for her birthday yesterday after seeing it showcased on a show on Food Network.  The segment featured their "slow roasted pig head"...and we couldn't wait to try it.  When we got there we were sat in a very small area in the back outside that felt like we were sitting at a picnic table in a shed in someone's yard. Right next to our table were two bus buckets over flowing with dirty dishes, a tray or dirty glasses, and another bus bucket for rags.  This again was right next to our table in plain sight.  Unreal lack of any kind management to put that right out in the open next to tables. But...I can look past that. So we told our  server we're here for the pigs head and he says "sorry we're out of it. We run out of it all the time."  Can we get the Lamb Belly? "No we're out of that too." Then our server Alan tried to sell us hot dogs to make up for it.  I almost laughed in his face.  And turns out they were out of HALF of the ENTIRE MENU!!.  They were out of everything we ordered.  The only cheeses that they had left in the house were such a small portion you would not believe it unless you saw it for your self.  They served us stale bread clearly from the day before and was uneatable.  The cheese "plate" if you want to call it that came with another sauce...which they were out of, so they used some honey and mustard to replace it...but they served in in a tiny, tiny dish- 1/3 filled!  like they had to stretch it out to last the night. So we asked if we could please have just a little more and this time they gave us a dish that I swear had even LESS in it.  The meat board was 100% too salty and way to dry.  Never try this place.  Why ruin your night....NYC is full of restaurants and ALL of them are better than Cannibal
