Sometimes, the line outside a restaurant says it all. Even at 9:00 a.m., hungry patrons wait outside Wah Fung No. 1 Fast Food, a small and modest Chinese takeout joint in Manhattan's Chinatown. Most are there for one thing: the char siu fun (roast pork over rice). In Chinatown, char siu fun isn't difficult to find. If you see a duck hanging from a hook in a shop window, it's a pretty safe bet you'll find this dish inside. So why the rush for Wah Fung's version? Two words: price and quantity. The small serving ($3) comes in a four-by-five-inch aluminum container that is jam-packed--literally shoved to the breaking point--with rice, cabbage and roast pork. The large size ($4.50) comes in a larger Styrofoam container that is somehow crammed even more tightly with food. It weighs in at close to two pounds--easily double the amount of food that most halal carts serve up in the same containers. But with such an emphasis on quantity, quality isn't sacrificed. The fatty, sinfully tangy pieces have smoky crisped skins hugging the softened meat, which literally drips with savory grease and sauce. With all that heavy meat, you'll be grateful it comes with fluffy rice and steamed cabbage to refresh your palate. Insider tip number one: Wah Fung's all-day lunch deal doesn't only come with roast pork--you can also choose crispy pork, duck or chicken. For eaters who are less enamored of greasy meats, Wah Fung has a steam cart at the back that stocks noodles, congee (rice porridge stewed with meat, fish and vegetables) and other lighter dishes. A popular choice is the ur don cherng fun (fish balls and steamed noodles in sweet brown sauce). For $1.50, you get a generous portion of rice noodle rolls steeped in tangy oyster sauce with cushiony, subtly flavored fish balls. Just be sure to eat it right away, before the noodles suck up all the sauce. Insider tip number two: The steam cart has its own line. So if that's what you're craving, skip the line of char siu fun pilgrims in front of Wah Fung and head straight inside to the cart. -Ji Hyun Park
