Vnam is an amzing place. It is your dream come true when it comes to hole in a wall dining. The place is small and represents what you would think of the streets of Saigon or a place in China Town. But the best part is his location. Close to the train on Houston and 1st ave and you can see the kitchen and everything they are doing. Huang, the owner is an incredible man. Just visit the place and show him you love food and you'll become his friend. After I became a regular at the shop and after a thousand of exchanged stories, I spent several afternoons at the shop learning how to make Vermicelli noodles, pickled diakon, and carrots (ones used in the  Banh Mi's and Vermicelli noodles). If you love the food and you let him know he will treat you right! Now to the food. I have tried thousands of Banh Mi sandwiches around the NYC, San Francisco, and Portland area and have never come across a Banh Mi soo delicious as the ones in Vnam Cafe. The pork pate banh mi is outstanding. He makes the pate from scratch and it makes for the most delicious Banh Mi I have ever had. The vegetarian Banh Mi is also delicious. The vermicelli noodles are great as well. I have had the one with spring rolls and the one with seitan meet (vegetable protein) and they are both incredible. If you visit this place, ask him about the Pho. His recipe includes a couple of ingredients that are common on Vietnamese Pho recipes but many places don't use because they are expensive and hard to find. The Pho is so different than any Pho I've had. The first time I tried it I was not sure what to think about it because the flavors were so genuine that I wasn't sure if that was Pho. But, by the end of the bowl I was slurping and was sad to see the end of it. Definitely great! Everything I've had is delicious here. I usually suffer when I go to Vnam because I want to eat a Ban Mi and either vermicelli noodles or Pho but it is clearly too much food for one person. So I have to conform to whatever is more appropriate for the moment, rainy days Pho, and any other time Banh Mi or Noodles. If you are really hungry, the best thing to do is to go with a buddy and have one banh mi each and split some noodles. You wont be disappointed!
