My boyfriend and I wanted to try a Portugese place so we came here. Calamari was good , crispy and light how it should be, the marinara seemed ketchupy but it was barely something to complain about. Then we ordered our entrees...  Swordfish in a butter sauce , and the stuffed lobster. I will not hesitate to say it was pretty horrible and we were utterly disappointed. Neither of us continued to eat after realizing we were just forcing down tasteless food because we were hungry. I don't know how you mess up lobster meat that bad. It was dry , overcooked, and any hint of lobster flavor was killed by an overwhelming taste of burn from the oven. The stuffing was the texture of soggy greasy breadcrumbs , and I'm shocked they call it "crabmeat" I'm 90% sure it was imitation crab meat , if it wasn't id be surprised. The "crabmeat" did not have the same soft lumps of texture that real crab does,It wasn't only the texture, the taste was horrible too, it tasted artificial and oddly sweet, like ketchup was added to it or something. The sides were a slice if tomato and raw onions , which was also confusing and more of a garnish than something I'd want to eat. The swordfish in butter sauce was an enormous disappointment. It came out and before I even ate it, I knew it was going to be flavorless. What I wanted was a deliciously prepared swordfish meal with accommodating sides and a tasty butter sauce to tie it together ..... What I ended up with was a plate with a slab of dry swordfish with not even an ounce of a sauce or butter , three slices of carrot , three potatoes , and a piece of broccoli all of which were only boiled and had NO seasoning whatsoever. The plate was sad looking and it tasted like nothing. I ended up having to squeeze all the lemon I could find on the table all over it , pour my bfs butter from his lobster on it, and season it with salt and pepper myself in an effort to add flavor. Just so disappointing and will never come back based on the quality of the entrees we got.
