My girlfriend and I went on a weekend getaway to Philadelphia from July 21-July 23rd 2012. On Saturday, July 21st at 9:30pm, we went to Xochitl.  It is a restaurant that my girlfriend researched online and found interesting.  Earlier that day, we'd eaten at Genos Philly Steak, The Continental, and Cuba Libre. We have pleasant dining experience at these establishments and looked forward to the having a similar good time at Xochitl .  We didn't. We sat down and ordered drinks two entrées and an appetizer.  The entrée and appetizer arrived at the same time.  While I was eating my entrée, my girlfriend stated that she didn't like the cheese chorizo appetizer.   I tasted the dish and didn't like it either.   Between the two of us, we barely finished the corner of a 3  1/2 by 6 inch platter. We asked the waitress to take the appetizer back to which she responded that she had to get the manager.  This was a strange response given the fact that patrons sometimes do not like the taste their food and ask to send it back without involving upper management. However, we let it go.  When the manager got to our table, he asked, "What can I do for you"?  We told him that we didn't want the appetizer.  He responded, "It's just melted cheese."  We explained that we don't like it to which he responded, "But it's perfectly made".  We reiterated that we did not want the appetizer.  He removed the plate but he appeared angry.   Thirty minutes later we had the remaining portions of our meal boxed up.  The bill was left on our table.  My girlfriend asked me if the appetizer was on the bill. To my surprise it was. We told the waitress that we sent the Chorizo back and that we should not be charged.  She said she could not do anything about the charge and went to get the manager. The manager came over.  We asked him to take the appetizer off the bill.  He repeated the statement that the appetizer was "perfectly made".  In addition, he said "there was nothing wrong with the dish" and "where would he be if he let everybody send back their dishes?". My girlfriend and I stated that the appetizer was not made perfect.  We reminded him that we sent it back. And that if we shared his opinion, we would've boxed it up with the rest of our food. Oddly, although the manager was closer to me than my girlfriend and we were all talking at the same pitch, he made two steps toward my girlfriend and told her to lower her voice. I stated to the manager that my girlfriend was not yelling. The manager then threatened to call the police if we did not pay for the appetizer.  We said to call.   A few minutes later the manager came back claiming he would take off the charge if we did him a favor and never came back to the restaurant.  He gave us a new bill.  The amount of the bill did not change although the appetizer was removed. As we reviewed our new bill, my girlfriend asked what does open charge mean.  We asked the waiter but he didn't know.   He instructed us to talk to the manager. The waiter got the manager for us. We asked him about the open charge.  He said, "it is a gratuity. I didn't think you knew how to tip."  We told him that the service he delivered was not gracious and we were not going to pay for that charge. At that point, my girlfriend went to the waitress and got the correct bill absent of the open charge.  I then went back to the manger who was sitting at the bar.  I told him the correct amount of our food. He then claimed that he had left the lower bill at our table which was absolutely untrue.  We paid that amount and left.   Final thought: Either this was a race-based experience or a case of substandard services. You be the judge.
