One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.  I'm actually a very rational, reasonable person.  There have been times, like anyone, when I've had a disappointing meal.  While I often intend to write a post about such a lackluster meal, I often forgive and forget and give an establishment the benefit of the doubt.  For this experience, I feel like people need to be candidly forewarned. We had a reservation for two for 7:30 but were kept waiting for 45 minutes.  For couples who came in after us, the wait time (likewise, with a reservation) increased to an hour.  Everyone was kept waiting like cattle in a cramped area.  All the while, the vapid glamazon host kept his back to everyone and simply threw up his hands whenever anyone would question the unreasonable wait.  When we were finally seated, the host barely said a word; never mind an apology.  We had to wait another 15 minutes for a waitress to come over and open our wine and offer water.  Although it was only 8:30, they had run out of 2 of 6 entrees.  They simply offered to make both dishes without the key ingredient (lobster).  On this night, they had a four course prix fixe menu.  The first course didn't come out for half an hour.  Both selections (risotto and a salad) were very standard fare.  The next course took approximately 20 minutes; a salty mahi dish in some kind of frothy sauce that looked like spittle.  Our wait for our entrees was again over 30 minutes; at this point, we had been there 2 hours and 20 minutes amidst inattentive and apathetic waitstaff who acted as though nothing was amiss.  (In the meantime, we watched 3 different couples leave; one was an aforementioned couple with a reservation who were told they had an hour wait; another who were seated at a dingy table virtually in a hallway leading to a kitchen; and a third who simply got sick of the absurd wait.)  Oh, and to top it off, there was a table for four sitting empty for 1 hour and 20 minutes while people who had reservations were pretty much told to deal with an hour wait.   Inexcusable.  Disgraceful.  With all the great options in Montclair, why would anyone subject themselves to this incompetence and ridiculousness?
