Let me get straight to the point. I have come here about 8 odd times in the past 2 months (yes, I eat out very frequently, almost every other day, and since this place is in the vicinity, I keep going here - I don't know why) and I've also been to their outlet in Chicago, IL. Every time I've come here, it's been a hit-or-miss, yet I keep coming back hoping that it'd be better the next time around. Pros: 1) Good sweets. 2) If you like a spot of peace and quiet, this is probably the place to go to, especially in the late afternoons/early evenings, but only on weekdays. After that, and on weekends, all hell breaks loose with all the families coming in to eat - kids running around, hassled parents trying to rein them in, you can imagine the scene. 3) Decent chaat. Not as good as a few other places (some of which are right down the road - Dimple's Bombay Talk and Rajbhog to name two), but not too shabby either. Word of caution though: Don't compare it to the chaat you get back home in India, else you'll hate it. The chaat here, especially the bhel puri, is different in taste from what you'd get at other places here and in India. They put a different twist on it, that not all people would like, but I can't put my finger on what's different (maybe it's the amchoor or something, I don't know). Cons: 1) Home to the very worst Paneer Kathi Roll I've ever had. This was today, when I kipped in for lunch and decided to order the aforementioned roll. First, they took a whole 25 minutes to bring out one roll. Next, the roll is not even worth the price, any way you look at it, quantity or quality. The "roll" was nothing but 2 halves which were barely an inch and a half in size each. The diameter would've been somewhere about an inch to an inch-and-a-quarter. OK, you'd tell me to judge the item not from how it looks, but from how it tastes. Well, coming to that, one word: bleh. What constitutes a paneer kathi roll here is (1) mashed potatoes, (2) mashed cottage cheese (paneer), (3) both the above items mixed up together, and not too well at that, (4) a sprinkling of diced onions and (5) tomato ketchup, all rolled up inside a thin roti. No spices, cilantro, lemon juice, nothing. Not even on the side, so the item ends up tasting very bland. Now, I know we Indians eat food that's sometimes a lot spicy, but this is actually so far out at the other end of the spectrum, that a Westerner not used to eating spicy food would find it tasteless as well. 2) Horrible service, unfortunately, is the only thing they are consistent in. 3) The portions in general are ridiculously small. I had ordered a samosa chaat in one of my previous trips here, and it came in a styrofoam dessert-sized bowl. Yes, no kidding, a bowl. And this wasn't just a samosa, but a samosa chaat, so you can imagine how much chaat would've been served. 4) I tried paying by credit card and was told they don't accept cards for amounts less than $15. This was after I had waited half an hour for a crappy kathi roll, which was not at all worth what they charged me, so as you can imagine, I was pretty pissed off about it. Also, the service was so crappy that I had to wait 10 minutes to get the check after I'd asked for it, and when the waitress gave me the check, I again had to wait a further 5 minutes for her to collect the check and my payment. Finally, I was so annoyed that I decided to walk up to the front counter to pay, and this is where I was told about the $15 threshold (which, by the way, is mentioned nowhere in the store or on the menu). So at this point of time, I raised a stink and she finally swiped my card and I got out of there as fast as I could. OK, this review ended up being more critical than I started out wanting it to be. I admit, I haven't tried out their CA locations or their catering so I don't know how those are, but my experience with their Chicago, IL (Devon Street) location was disappointing too. Try these guys at your own risk.
