Anthony's is one of my all time favorite restaurants. I started by stopping in for a cup of coffee after yoga, and have moved up to occasionally ordering a week's worth of food for a family. No matter how big or small my order, they have always been friendly and helpful. I'm not surprised he's offered to personalize menu items to accommodate someone's dietary needs. He's offered me similar accommodations and even sent me instructions for how to prepare his delicious ravioli that he sells over the holidays so I could wow my family despite my limited skills in the kitchen. The owner & staff are truly the nicest people - which makes the experience that much more amazing. The brunches are incredible, the lunches are delicious and always changing, but by far the best time to go to Anthony's is for Thursday night dinner. The menu is always creative - putting a twist on your favorite comfort foods. AND it's BYOB - does it get much better? I honestly cannot say enough good things about Anthony's - and I stand by my words as I've brought numerous friends along at different times - all of whom have fallen in love. And so, I can't help but address a post about Anthony being argumentative - I find it hard to believe. I've gone enough that friends joke he can plan his retirement on me. Though rare, I have seen him exhausted. And I've seen him swamped, but never seen him nasty. I'm not saying people - and restaurants - can't have off days, and if someone caught such a day, it's really unfortunate, because this place is a hidden gem. However, if you're saying you've had repeated instances of food that was stale, not well seasoned, or orders that have been delayed while simultaneously calling yourself a long paying customer who generally likes the food, that seems a little contradictory. Not saying you couldn't have a bad experience, but suggesting its par for the course is not even close to an accurate description of this place. So, for anyone else thinking of checking out this restaurant, I HIGHLY recommend you head over and try it for yourself. Given the fact that he majority of the reviews are outstanding, I am confident you won't be disappointed.
