Steaks have always been a celebratory food for my husband and me. When I received a clean bill of health after a life threatening illness, my husband and I decided to celebrate at The Strip House. What a major disappointment! MAJOR. We had reservations for 2....and they showed us to a round table for 6 and didn't immediately understand it was only 2 of us. Ok. No problem. We were seated. There was absolutely no room in between tables. I could have had the wine at the table to my left and the dessert at the table to my right. I also could have participated in the conversation at both tables. Steak houses are traditionally noisy, that's ok....but the spacing of tables was ridiculously tight. The waiter finally approached our table after 15 minutes and asked what type of water we wanted. He then disappeared. Finally got the menus. Waiter didn't take our drink order. We had to remind him to tell us the specials. Restaurant was very noisy and the waiter softly told us the specials, standing over my husband's shoulder (see above, no space for him to stand in between tables) and not speaking to both of us. Rather rude service for an expensive restaurant, no? Got the appetizer after waiting one!!!! hour. At 1 hour 30 minutes the table was cleaned off....and we were presented with the dessert menu. Whatttt?????????? No one was paying attention or checking on our entrees. We asked to speak to the manager. After watching the manager smooze with people at 3 different tables, he finally came over. It wasn't urgent to him. He prided himself on walking around the dining room during the evening. He did....in fact he must have spent 5 minutes at the table next to us, but he didn't look our way when we tried to catch his attention. The manager did take off about a third of the cost of the bill. But throwing money at a problem doesn't solve the issue. We would have much preferred to pay list cost and have had a stress free enjoyable evening. I am happy to be healthy and will continue to eat steak....but never ever again at the Strip House.
