This is a great place to sit with co-workers and complain about work and the more general problem of the Void on Monday morning.  That's the day they do $5 wrap specials.  It's even better with beer, but then you have to watch the entrance out of the corner of your eye to make sure that the boss doesn't catch you breaking company policy.  Or one of his little tentacles, always on the lookout for evidence of someone in the office's wrongdoing.  What is with those little snitches?  It's not like they are going to get a promotion.  Don't they see that the boss is trying to turn us against each other to stifle anything resembling class consciousness?  A single arrow is easily broken, but not ten in a bundle.  This is why we can't have a young professional's union.  Don't kids understand that if we had a union, we wouldn't have to wear business casual anymore?  It's something to consider. And why can't you drink on the job anyway?  Honestly, I don't have an alcohol problem....I'm just trying to take the edge off a little. I've had a few of the wraps here, but I usually go with the Thai Peanut Chicken wrap or the Scott Louis on spinach.  For the record, I have no idea who Scott Louis is.  I asked the bartender once and she said that it was the owner, but I looked up the owner of the Wrap Shack online and his last name wasn't Louis.  Maybe Louis is his middle name.  I'm okay with the name being a mystery.  But really, Scott Louis sounds like the name of a forgotten Philly boxer who once took Ali to 8 rounds in the prime of his career.  That's who I imagine I am honoring with this hot tortilla stuffed with cheese, chicken, and a blend of BBQ/Buffalo sauce.  Who even came up with that?  Ali is down.  Scott Louis helped me get to the place I am today: 185 pounds. If you do decide to order a beer, just make sure you also order a water so on the off-chance that the boss or one of his lapdogs comes into the Wrap Shack to ruin your lunch hour and small talk, you can always push the beer off to the side and feign ignorance.  That's what we call a power move.
