If I ever found myself in the situation where I had to choose my last meal, I would tell them to go to Cedar Point and get me the burger and fries. I live 3 blocks from here, and I've had the burger everywhere in Fishtown, Kraftwork, Lloyd, Sketch, etc.  All solid entries no doubt, but none touch the level of flavor achieved by Cedar Point. I realize the "best burger" conversation is highly subjective, so you can have your own favorite anywhere in the city...but this is mine. If you're never been here, the menu would give you the impression that this place is geared towards vegetarians and vegans. 2/3 of the menu is, but what they do with food for carnivores like myself is done 100% right. Let me elaborate on the burger, because it deserves elaboration: 1. The bun: it's brioche, so from the start it's got a flavor and soft texture unlike your standard white kaiser roll. Brioche is a type of bread made with butter and egg, the closest comparison would be like a really good potato roll. Like the rest of the ingredients, this flavor works with together with the rest of the flavors to produce a whole that's greater than just the sum of its ingredients. 2. The toppings: the lettuce is Boston Bibb, if you know this type of green you know it's also referred to as "butter" lettuce. There's no crunch like iceberg or romaine. I don't like the crunchiness of lettuce interfering with the texture of my burger. The tomatoes are Roma, the smaller ones that are usually canned that I use to make tomato sauce. They have more flavor than the giant beefsteak slices you usually see. And then there's good ole caramelized onions to finish it off. 3. The Sauce: The website says it's a pimiento aioli. This sauce in particular mixes with the caramelized onions in a way that really sets the flavor off, it's what makes this different from the other burgers in town. Wouldn't be the same without it. 4. The cheese: it's listed as "herdsman" cheese. I had to look this up, it's specifically from a local farm in south Jersey. It's like a mild, nutty flavored cheddar. It melts perfectly on top of the beef, and the flavor combines with the onions, sauce, toppings, and brioche to make this burger something else. 5. The beef: This is what separates the good from the great. There is no special concoction of spices or seasonings that can make beef taste the way it naturally should. The menu says it's grass fed, and it's consistently the freshest tasting beef I've ever had from a restaurant. And to boot, the patty itself is bigger than Kraftwork or Lloyd. The bun is just substantial enough to contain the heavenly combination of ingredients described herein. 6. The fries: They are fresh cut, which in Fishtown isn't uncommon (I'm just coming to realize how spoiled my neighborhood is making me). The difference here is that they're 50% white potatoes and 50% sweet potatoes mixed together. If burger meals came with cherries on top, that's what this is for me. So that's it. This is by far the most extensive description of something I've eaten that I've ever taken the time to write down. Some people like bacon and BBQ sauce, some like heavy seasoning and blue cheese, some just meat cheese and bun. For me, this burger is the best damn burger I've ever eaten. You should try it.
