Eataly needs to rethink some things. I am a self professed foodie that goes everywhere, travels a lot and blogs my adventures. All that to say, I know my stuff. As you enter Eataly, there are these nifty basket carts to load your goodies in. Problem is, they don't fit down many of the aisles. As soon as you enter the place you are dumped right off in the vegetable section. Most of the veggies looked nice but I made the unfortunate mistake of choosing $8 of heirloom tomatoes of which were rotted and mushy! Eataly has no flow to it. I looked for a map, or even someone to ask for one. No such luck. The staff does not make eye contact and almost seem took past you to avoid chatting or helping. I looked for somewhere to eat...I understand it was busy. I have no problem with that, but I went restaurant to restaurant and they were either closed or the wait was 2 hours. It makes no sense to close a restaurant if people are lined up to eat. I gave up and went across the street to eat pasta...and it was delish! I then came back to Eataly and shopped. The shopping? All I can say is $$$$$$$$$$$$! They were out of Chocolate gelato..not good! Pasta selection? I expected to be in Pasta heaven. Didn't happen. There was no variety at all. I did bring some home, cooked it for dinner. It was really nice and would buy it again. The store is really hard to navigate. I had to crawl around people that were blessed enough to get to sit and eat in the pasta place. There were chairs stacked up against a back wall and a street entrance that was blocked by ugly boxes, bikes and junk? Really? I did not feel like I had stepped into Italy, I felt like I was in Shoprite after the senior center had just let the grannies out for their weekly shopping trip. The hype behind Eataly is celebrity and touristy. I am not a tourist and I can live without the celebrity. I do appreciate Eataly's edgy and new approach to the market business. I wanted authentic Italy at my doorstep...to bad. Think I will track down to Mikes in the Bronx next time I want the real deal. Chow!
