I'd never planned to go here intentionally, was just walking around my area in search of meat and ended up settling because I always forget that there aren't any damn restaurants this side of McGuinness. I've now eaten here four or five times, and save the last two, each time the menu was substantially different, which I can only assume had to do with chef-turnover or the wavering intentions of the owners (I tried coaxing more information out of the server I had last time, but the sneaky little minx was playing hard to get). But it seems they've finally settled on what they want their establishment to be. The restaurant is small with maybe five or six tables large enough for two people and a couple of larger tables in the windows, with some bar seating to boot. The space is predominantly bright woods and white, pressed tin, which is mostly calming, yet with a slight twinge of horror vacui. Only two chalkboards adorn the walls, which serve to notify you of their rotating draft/wine list and any specials they're currently serving (as a note on those chalkboards: whoever is in charge of writing on those things, I hate you for your beautiful handwriting). They've got a good number of plants, perhaps to allude to their exotic roots in place of hanging cheesy pictures of Indonesia. All in all, I enjoy the minimalist space, but if I had one real critique, it would be to lower the lights a few feet to match the intimacy of their table layout. Not an interior designer, but just sayin'. They have a pretty good selection of draft/bottled beer and cider (how rare!), and a modestly sized wine list as well. Everything I had paired well with the food. I'm surprised they don't have any liquor though, I feel a curated cocktail menu would do very well here. And now on to the food! For those unfamiliar with Indonesian fare, it's loaded with coconut, ginger, turmeric, lemongrass, kaffir lime (yes!), and some sort of medusa-root-thing called galangal. Oh, and lots of chili and spice. Come to think of it, it's a seemingly healthy cuisine. Their menu consists mostly of small plates, with a handful of larger dishes; the food is clearly meant to be shared. Most of the dishes I've had were somewhat spicy, but not in overbearing fashion, and the plating was always enticing and the portions fair (this isn't some cheap Chinese restaurant where $3 gets you a bucket of "fried rice"). All the flavors were well balanced and each dish had something unique to offer the palate. Their deviled eggs and spring rolls are so addicting I've ordered them nearly every time I've been in. Their mussels, served in a spicy coconut milk broth with something called cakwe (breadstick thing?), are truly fantastic, and their chicken wings are some of the best I've ever had. As for some of the larger dishes, the market fish curry (I've had it with both pollock and hake) and the beef rendang are both delicious and I can't recommend them enough. For sweets, they have some modified classics like coconut creme brûlée and lemongrass panna cotta. The servers have always been kind and attentive, and possess adequate knowledge of the menus, no complaints there. Altogether, Selamat Pagi is a humble little restaurant serving some fantastic Indonesian-inspired food. Definitely worth a try!
