I can't imagine anyone coming to Oscar's for breakfast, lunch or dinner and not feeling good about the food & the spirit of the place. It's reassuring that the west village still has at least a few places left that are one-of-a-kind in a warm, fulfilling and in an unpretentious/not-trying-to-reinvent-the-wheel kinda way. (Or reinvent the waffle kinda way either, one of their specialities). One of the first sings of spring for me is when I see a couple of rows of tables set out on Hudson street, and it thrives during the good weather seasons, but never seems so crowded that you can't find a table. The restaurant is a world onto itself, and there's a whole bunch of neighbors I see there at certain times almost like clockwork. Neal, one of the owners of Petite Abeille, which was there for years, had the sense to buy the place from previous owners,  and then name it after his son. He has two partners, both of which worked at Petite. And,  while not sacrificing some of the kinds of dishes Petite served, the new owners infuse a new sensibility into it. Neal, btw,  is one of the treasures of Hudson street. He knows everyone and his mother, and their kids and their dogs, and hekeeps his humor and warmth up effortlessly (as well as his teasing and in-jokes with the regulars). And his partners (one of which is the cook) are very different in temperament but equally first class: warm, caring and consicientious. In colder seasons, when the outside tables have to vanish:  the vibe changes a bit -- quieter, more romantic, but still filled with yummy stews and steaks. Fries are killer, omelettes my favorite around. I'm not sure if they still have some of the nightly specials but they were great. But on a spring morning or summer night, sitting out there, watching neighbors and kids and dogs and tourists go by, you feel so happy Oscar's is part of the hood. Hope it stays there for a long, long time (or at least when Neal's five-year old boy hits, say, 30 and decides to take it over).
