My wife and I initially stopped at Calandra's Italian Village because she had heard glowing reviews of their bread. While the bread was slightly above average, the other items we ordered were massively overpriced and of terrible quality. In terms of bread we only saw it in two forms: we had a white bread with sesame seeds for bread service and my sandwich had a wheat roll. The bread service bread was good when compared to the average Italian bread one gets in a restaurant in the region but certainly not excellent. It seemed under worked, resulting in both a weaker flavor and texture than it could have had. The roll on my sandwich was a good choice for that application, the slightly softer texture working well in a sandwich application. The filling of the sandwich was another matter. He had arrived at Calandra's on a Sunday afternoon at one. The restaurant and unusually quiet for the time; Sunday lunches are traditionally very busy times but the restaurant was less than half full. While this bothered me at the time I decided to give it a chance anyway. The service was prompt and courteous. As I mentioned, the bread service was above average. These things alone would mean that the restaurant would surely rate above the one that I have given it. However, the extremely poor quality of the rest of the meal actually brought down any good will they had inspired in me. We ordered two items: my wife ordered a simple salad with crumbled feta and a vinaigrette. I ordered a chicken Parmesan sandwich. I would call it a chicken Parmigiana sandwich but since it was topped with something akin to Kraft Parmesan cheese I don't think the name would be accurate at all. To put it bluntly, the chicken in my sandwich was disgusting. The sandwich cost twelve dollars and I was expecting something breaded and fried in house. A proper chicken Parmigiana is something called a paillard, which is a thinly pounded chicken breast dredged in egg and flour and then pan fried in a small amount of butter or oil. To make it chicken Parmigiana, the paillard is topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella and Parmigiana cheeses and baked in an oven to melt the cheeses. What did I get? A frozen, heavily breaded patty of chicken that I am not even sure was made of whole breast meat. The flavor and texture made it barely edible. It was something I would have been disgusted to receive at the Wendy's down the road but at least there it would not have cost twelve dollars. The thinner corners of the patty were genuinely chewy and the whole thing was a tough and dry mess. My wife's salad was slightly better but it was clear that the restaurant used prepared greens mix instead of prepping the greens themselves, which would have been both tastier and would have saved the restaurant money. I can only think whoever made that choice was choosing simplicity over quality; it's easier to run a kitchen with less prep work. The vinaigrette was almost inedibly sweet. I suggest not going to this restaurant. The quality of the food was below what I expect from a place that serves chicken Parmesan sandwiches for five bucks. I probably would have been better served getting a chicken sandwich at Wendy's. While it still would have been disgusting, at least I would have saved a little money.
