Eataly. Having been to the original Eataly in Italy, I can attest a certain level of experience that I expected to be carried over into this food mecca when it hit the states. When I first heard about it coming to the USA, I thought "wow what a great idea". Then when I heard all the stories about the nightmarish spaces being considered for it (like Rockefeller Center), that's when my concerns arose. But in the end, when I heard that over 35k sq. ft. were being allocated, I thought "okay, maybe it can work". At first glance Eataly looks like a great idea. But as soon as you start to walk around (or shuffle about as is more the case), you begin to realize that this place is trying to be too much in too small of a space. Not only are the aisles to narrow for the back to back product displays, but I am also willing to bet that it is also dangerously tipping the occupancy and safety regulations. Not a place I would to be stuck in during an emergency. I found the prices to be mostly on the high side, while the portions were on the low side. Some items familiar to me from my other favorite Italian specialty shops across the country, cost MUCH more at Eataly. I am by no means a food snob, but when I go to an Italian specialty shop, I expect my senses to be enveloped with the heavenly aroma of the products. At Eataly, the most you get to inhale is a touch of seafood and espresso. I also expect to deal with employees that are very knowledgeable about the products; know how to pronounce the Italian names, how they can best be used, and how one might compare to another. At Eataly, garnering insightful knowledge from the staff is the last thing you should expect. On the bright side, I will say that I do have a fondness for some of the imported products they stock. And that some of the restaurant staff is quite excellent. But again, I just can't let go of the fact that I don't get that authentic Italian market shopping experience that can be had at nearly two dozen other smaller but well established shops throughout the five boroughs of New York City.
