It is baffling that this restaurant is so lauded.  I think it may have been something really special a couple of years ago from what I'm reading, but unfortunately sometimes good restaurants fall into coasting on their reputation.  I think this is the case here.  Perry St. is located on the West Side Highway looking across the Hudson.  It's on the ground floor of a techno-looking glass building and the room seems to be all glass.  This does not make for good ambience on a bright sunny evening.  The look and feel was reminiscent of an airport lounge.  There's a notable improvement after dark.  We thought the service was poor.  Full disclosure: we are diners whose experience can be made or broken by the attitude of the server.  Perhaps that's a lot to hang on one person, but when you are expecting an additional 20% on top of the check, we don't think it's a lot to ask for you to act like you're happy we're there.  If you're not, fake it!  Our server seemed a bit peeved that we wanted to sample the wine before ordering a bottle.  We settled on his recommendation of Chablis and when it came he muttered unapologetically "it's not that cold, shall I put it on ice?"  Twenty minutes later we still didn't have the semi-cold wine or bread and butter (which was delicious) even though there were servers gliding here and there with trays of bread.  We had to request both.  The menu seemed small, approx ten appetizers and ten entrees.  My husband dared to ask the provincial "are there any specials?" to which the waiter imperiously retorted "I have no additions!"  Who talks like that?  This restaurant does not qualify for that kind of pretentiousness; it was ridiculously out of place.  But anyway, about the food.  The crispy poached egg with caviar appetizer was very tasty and imaginative, but a bit pricy at $29.  My husband had the goat cheese and mango salad, which was kind of blah.  I know it's just a salad, but when you order in a restaurant that boasts the reputation of Perry St., you expect even the mundane things to knock your socks off.  This was not the case.  Our entrees were so underwhelming, I had the lobster which was plentiful but rubbery and my husband had the fried chicken, which he had read was one of the specialties.  It was overcooked and bland despite a really spicy 'Scotch Bonnet' sauce.  By the time we got to dessert we just couldn't summon up the energy, we decided to go home and eat Girl Scout cookies instead.  The total was approx $200 for the two of us with one bottle of wine and the tip.  For the tip, I made a small wimpy stand by tipping a strict 15% on the subtotal NOT the total - how radical!  By the end of our meal we're usually so crazy about the service we tip a sloppy 20% on the whole total, plus rounding it up to the nearest pleasing number.  I would like to have left considerably less but I didn't want the server to judge us as neophytes from NJ (hey, if the cap fits....) or even worse, as a foreigner who doesn't know how to tip (I'm from UK)!!  We settled on Perry St. on a recommendation from New York Magazine.  We routinely try their suggestions and are not usually disappointed.  If you want a restaurant like Perry St. but to the power ten, try Commerce on Commerce Street.  The food, room and servers are fantastic.  We'll chalk this one up to experience.
