The one star rating is not for the food or for the ambiance, but rather the disrespect and lack of value placed on us while we stopped in for desserts.  On our wedding anniversary, my husband and I stopped in for desserts following a meal at a near-by restaurant.  Given that the place is quite small, we asked whether we might be able to have just desserts --we didn't want to take up dining space even though we weren't there during peak dinner hours.  We were invited in and waited a bit for service.  The wait didn't matter because we weren't in a rush.  There were two servers working and it was clear that they were alternating service to new tables.  We were seated at the same time as another couple, so one server (the older of the two) asked her colleague which table she wanted.  Her colleague, the younger server, was indifferent so the older server came and greeted us.  She asked about our drink order and when we told her that we were only having desserts, she cleared the table of the appetizer and dinner settings and simply walked away.  She never returned nor did she tell us that her colleague would be with us shortly.  It was evident that as soon as she realized that we wouldn't be spending much, she didn't want anything to do with us.  She quickly greeted the table next to us and failed to tell her colleague that we were still waiting for service.   As frontline workers, wait staff are among the first representatives of the establishments in which they work.  Basta ownership and management should pay closer attention to how the establishment is represented.  The behaviour of the older server was unprofessional to say the least.  Though the younger server finally did come to us (after my husband asked) and though she recovered the entire situation with grace, it was just too late.  The worth and value of your customers shouldn't be placed on how much they are willing to spend at your establishment. Every patron should be treated with respect and dignity.  You have lost us as your customers and this is the story that our friends will hear when they ask us whether we have ever been to Basta and what we think of it.
