My girlfriend and I came here after reading the good reviews about this place. What we found was that it was a two hour wait for a very average bowl of ramen at best and inedible pork buns due to the thick slabs of fat. We didn't mind the long wait and one we got inside we ordered only one bowl of ramen (Mega Ramen) and two pork buns as my girlfriend was not hungry. Immediately the waitress frowned at us and suggested that we should order more food. I could hardly make out what she was saying given her thick accent but I agreed to ordering more noodles anyway which somehow never arrived. The broth and the noodle were good, but no-where near as good as in Japan or other places I've been to and I've been to quite a few in a number of countries. The 'char siu' that came with the ramen were chunks of extremely fatty meat which I could not eat. The slices of meat were in fact slices of fat. The meat itself was hard and dry. The pork buns were the worst as they were thick slabs of fat stuffed in buns with overwhelmingly tangy mayo. We paid for our meal in $100 bill as we didn't have smaller change.  A waitress gave us change and my girlfriend was about to put down some tips to which I stopped her as in Japan it is considered rude to tip. As we made our way towards the door another waitress actually pulled on my girlfriend's arm to stop us leaving. She demanded that we tip at specific amount to which I found outrageous. I understand the tipping nature in New York and we've always given at least 20% to every restaurant we go to but this is a Japanese ramen place and I expect Japanese values to be uphold. I almost wanted to throw the tip in her face as at what point do you demand for tips from one customer in front of a packed crowd of other customers? If I could stop one person from going to this overly rated/hyped up place then I'd be a happy man. It would be fantastic if every reviewer gives an honest review and not buy into the hype. Totto Ramen is far from the best ramen in NYC and this place does not deserve the attention it gets.
