My family and I visited The College of NJ today and before the visit stopped at Ewing Diner for breakfast. The breakfast was very good and the service was excellent. After the College tour we thought we would stop at the Diner for Sunday Lunch/Dinner. NOT such a good Idea. The specials ranged from $15-$22. Not a problem, we had such a good time for breakfast, we expected the same experience. I asked the waitress for recommendations and she said the PRIME rib special for $21.95 was excellent yesterday. So I ordered it. My family ordered other dishes. I ordered my Prime rib Medium RARE. My dish came out and I can see it was warmed up and the beef was not fresh as if it had been recently carved. I took a bite and it tasted and smelled funny. You know , that wonderful leftover smell!!!. The waitress made her rounds and asked how everything was, I pointed out my dish. She saw and smelled exactly what I was talking about and apologized because she was the one that recommended it. She took the plate away and came back after 5 minutes and said.: I told the cook and the owner and they apologize. No mention of taking it off the bill or even coming out and apologizing in person . I didn't make a big deal, I rarely spend any time with my family so I'm not going to upset everyone while they are eating. The Bill came out to $approximately $86- I tipped the waitress $15 and went to pay the bill. The counter person was very friendly and asked how the meals were. I told her that the Prime Rib tasted like it was left over and recooked , waitress spoke to owner and I have the pleasure of paying $21.95 for it. She apologized and went back to speak to the owner. After 10 MIN. the Manager came out and said: I'm very sorry, but I called the Owner at home and we can't take the prime rib off because there is nothing wrong with it. I told the manager that the Prime Rib tasted and smelled like it was left over for days. She very promptly said- Oh no it's fresh , it was cooked yesterday. Are you kidding! I go out so that I don't eat leftovers at home and I'm going to pay you $21.95 for recooked beef that was leftover. She politely said: I'm sorry you feel that way. The service folks are great- The management stinks & so does the owner-STAY AWAY!!!!!
