So I think I've got this figured out. For years, I've been hearing how amazing Rutt's Hut is -- in fact, many of the glowing verbal reviews I've heard echo the written ones that can be found on this very site. After finally visiting Rutt's this week, I've come to this summation: the people who love Rutt's are the ones who've been going there for years. They grew up eating at Rutt's -- it's a tradition, a reminder of childhood, a part of living the Jersey life. And they love it for the experience, not necessarily for the food. Because the food isn't good. Look, I'm not from around here -- so the Jersey thing may be lost on me -- but I've been to plenty of eateries, and I couldn't find one thing special about Rutt's. Hot dogs: standard.   Bun: the kind you get at the supermarket. The cheap kind. The "famous" relish: not much flavor. At all.   French fries: average.   This, to put it simply, is food you get at the boardwalk in Atlantic City. As for the atmosphere, well, I knew it was a no-frills place. But Rutt's doesn't even offer trays -- at least, they didn't on the day I went -- so if you order more than item, you're expected to balance them all as you walk to a table where you then stand and eat your food. Ridiculous. Even worse, the relish and mustard are in bowls near the cash register -- and you use a wooden spoon to scoop them out and dress your hot dogs. Disgusting. I can only imagine all the foreign substances that get into the condiments when people are in and out of those bowls all day. Really, it's 2013 -- Rutt's can't get a pump-like container for, at least, the mustard (and ketchup)?   Speaking of 2013, the place doesn't look like it's been updated since the day it opened. That's fine -- I'm willing to overlook a run-down joint if the food is good and it's clean. But at Rutt's, neither is the case. I'm glad so many people clearly find a sense of comfort at Rutt's. And if they want to fool themselves into believing it's a place of quality, that's fine (although perhaps they just don't know any better). But as far as helping to fool others with all these BS reviews, no. No, no, no. To the uninitiated, don't believe a word of it. And don't even bother with Rutt's. You really aren't missing a thing.
