As far as a date night for two meat-loving gourmands goes, Brindle Room Wins. FOOD: Good God. -DUCK CONFIT POUTINE (exactly how it sounds - homemade skin-on fries in sweet-salty gravy with cheese curds and shredded duck confit.) -STEAK TARTARE with potato chips (diced super-fine and heavy on the vinegar made it the spread it was advertised to be) -RIB EYE FOR TWO (perfectly spiced and crusty on the outside, raw in the middle) with obscenely rich polenta and straight-up cooked kale. -DONUT SUNDAE (homemade mashed-potato donut [i know] on vanilla ice cream with bruleed banana, caramel & chocolate sauce) DRINKS: Mother's Milk by upstate brewery Keegan Ales was a rich espresso porter-like thing which was exactly what we wanted.  Also props for choosing local brew Genesee ($4) as the budget beer over the more obvious choices.  Started out with an elderflower champagne cocktail which, in the words of my boyfriend, "tastes like Skittles".  Not my thing, but maybe it's yours.  Their drink menu, like their staff, is explanatory without being pretentious, so try something new.   SERVICE: It's a small operation, so 3 people were taking care of seating, serving, drinks, and the register.  Our server was very kind, attentive, efficient, and talkative without being too chatty.  Genuinely enthusiastic about the offerings rather than faking it for a sale.  Appreciated that.  Also gave us plenty of time between appetizer, main course, and dessert, which made the cholesterol-bomb of a meal less digestively stressful. ATMOSPHERE: Counter seating on one side and counter-height banquets on the other side give it a really casual feel, and put us at eye level with our server, which is comfortable.  It's tiny inside, but we didn't feel crammed in (although we were definitely close enough to hear all about what our neighbors thought of the Royal Wedding).  At 9 pm on a Saturday it was full, but began emptying out soon after.   PRICE: ...It's an investment.  but it's worth it.  Will be back for sure.
