Our reservations for my birthday were for 7pm. Ok so they ran 15 minutes late.. that's fine.. they were very nice about it. We were seated at 7:15. Our server came over and read us the specials. He walks away. 10 minutes later he came back to take our order. Did not offer soda or anything to drink. We had to ask for water. He took our app order and walked away. 10 minutes later comes back and takes our dinner order. Still did not ask us about drinks. AN HOUR and 15 minutes went by and our appetizers were STILL NOT AT THE TABLE! We had to ask for our food. the server during this hour NEVER came over to apologize, make up stories, or anything. We ate the bread which we were now out of and I was frankly full from the bread at this point. After we asked for our food, the server came over and said he would bring our salads. Five minutes later our Calamari comes out... no salads AND our 2nd appetizer was not brought out. After we finished our calamari he brought out the seafood medley app, and still no salads even though he said he would bring them together. ANOTHER HOUR went by before our food came out!!!! At this point, we had 10 mins to eat before we were meeting people at a bowling alley. I couldn't even have dessert for my birthday. As soon as he brought the food (9:30pm), i said "We are now in a rush since that took over 2.5 hours. Can we have the check now please?" He didnt send a manager over, didnt apologize, nothing. I will NEVER EVER eat there again. It was the worst dining experience EVER. *****Update****: I called and spoke with the manager and explained everything I typed here. Seems there were other complaints that night (and I was the nicest of them since I didnt scream or anything), and the server is "on his way out" as a result of complaints coming in. She asked if there was anything she could do to bring us back. I said "I did not call to get something for free, or to get special treatment. To be honest the food was very good but the experience just soured all 4 of us and we will not come back. Please train your servers to talk to their tables when there's a problem." She apologized and said "He absolutely should have communicated with you that the kitchen had a problem, or at least sent a manager over. I am so sorry." So the moral is this: if you are waiting for your food for a crazy amount of time, nicely ask about it and speak to a manager. They will make right by it. However, it's too late for the 4 of us.
