It is the first time I've been to Zento since they moved location. The last time was several years ago (maybe 2 or more) and I splurged on an omakase for myself, I would have rated it at least a 3.5 then. Unlike my original visit however, I was now armed with restaurant.com gift certificates and decided to make some choice selections off their menu. Namely, the volcano roll, square tuna sushi, peking duck hand roll, Chilean sea bass main and banana spring roll dessert. Total cost $70 before tax, tip and discount. This was an early 5:30pm reservation on a Wednesday night, so there was almost no one  present at the time, making for a very quiet meal. Some of the first things I noticed was the substantially upgraded decor, replacement of the sushi bar with a real bar and the addition of TVs. At the time, 'Enter the Dragon' was running but unfortunately without sound or subtitles. The meal itself was great but not fantastic. The sushi presentation was top notch and the flavors satisfying. The volcano roll had the right amounts of rice and duck meat, the perfectly cooked sea bass and its accompanying salad were delicious as was the volcano roll and square sushi. I did have problems with a few things. The square sushi was very difficult to handle and made me believe these were built with style over function since it kept falling apart or it's layers separating when picked up. The sea bass main, although delicious lacked any presentation flair given to the sushi. And the banana spring roll (banana fritters) was just that and nothing more. There was also the issue with my being not full...I prepared to order their $160 omakase until I asked what it contained. The answer was a mix of sushi, sashimi and special rolls enough to feed 3 or 4 people. So it wasn't a tasting menu after all. Oh well. I departed feeling torn between an expectation that based on what I paid, I should be bloated but also pleased that I could walk home with ease. Zento is a good restaurant for food,  but it didn't give me a compelling reason to go back, not alone anyway. But I will return since I have so many gift certificates, maybe for drinks! Kristina is a fantastic host by the way, and the rest of the staff are very helpful and friendly. Edit: Why does Singapore's Zento seem so much more impressive? Any chance it can be applied in Philly?
