I went to Il Pittore for the first time last Friday, and I am so ecstatically pleased!  Though I usually take myself out to Parc for a treat, I'd been meaning to check out the new kid on the Stephen Starr block...so here's my review: PreCourse: Bread Prior to my ordering, I was brought a basket of fresh, hot bread, simple and delicious.  The two rosemary pieces were particularly good, and the unsalted butter, with salt sprinkled on by hand, was an excellent move.  I always prefer unsalted, so this was the best of both worlds, and I appreciated that attention to detail. Course 1: Contorni - Winter Squash Agrodolce This was my first agrodolce of any kind - any I've never been a fan of the sweet & sour one experiences with some Asian fare - but this was sublime.  Bright, buttery, bold, and the squash was tender without being mushy!  My palette was tuned, I guessed correctly that it was a butternut squash.  I was informed they've used acorn squash before, which I would enjoy.  Also a good idea: try using kabocha! Course 2: Antipasti - Aragosta e Carciofo I've never had such succulent, perfectly poached lobster.  The claws, in particular, were melt-in-your-mouth good.  The artichoke puree was slightly hard to get on the fork, but otherwise a good foil for the lobster, and the pistachio accent worked well.  I appreciated the micro-greens, but they were a little hard to get on the fork as well.  Perhaps a smaller, salad fork? Course 3: Dessert - Napoleon I almost don't know what to say, this was so good.  From first bite, I had my hand to my mouth in disbelief at the awesome yumminess - just ask my waiter, John, who saw this response from across the room.  The salty-caramel-banana nuggets, layers of mousse and cream, amidst some sort of buttery, flat, pastry medium...possibly the best dessert I've ever had.  No small feat.  I remarked to waiter John that I'd like to take another Napoleon home with me, but I had to draw the line somewhere. Drinks: 1. The Fall of Rum - Flor de Cana Anejo Rum, All Spice Dram, Fresh Lemon Juice, Honey Syrup - really, a perfect drink for me. 2. Buona Vita - Vecchia Romagna Brandy, Combier Cherry, Fresh Lemon Juice, Simple, Angostura Bitters - tasted a little too much like cloves for my liking. Staff: Manager Michael Scibilia was gracious and the consummate professional, and John was a most attentive and warm server, and anticipated my needs.  The other waitstaff were just as attentive, I was given fresh plating and silverware for each course, and an eye was always kept on my water glass. Ambience: Warm, medium-lit, and moderate volume (depending on the surrounding guests).  I requested a table with a good view of the restaurant bustle, and I was pleased. My Only Qualm: Higher price, smaller portions.  It would be easier to go more frequently if the cost was reduced.  But otherwise, this is what a gourmet meal should be - slow, satisfying but not stuffing, and covering all the bases in the most delicious way possible.   I am super-satisfied with my first meal there, and I look forward to my next!
