We have frequented Charcoal quite often, say once a month for quite some time now. While the temperaments of those on the floor consist of ebs and flows, the food brings us back. We appreciate the BYOB experience as we are able to bring the wines we enjoy rather than an overpriced menu with a wine selection you would find at a franchised establishment. We recently asked two couples to join us for dinner, as we have always had dishes presented and executed very well. The restaurant was busy, but make no mistake there was no line out the door. We attempted to "order" bread, yes now they charge you for it, but they "ran out." We proceeded to order apps and our entrees. 20 min went by, apps arrived. Nothing alarming, everything was as expected. However, the 50 min wait for entrees was unacceptable. You wouldn't think a restaurant of this size needed one, but they are in dyer need of an expo to keep them ontop of ticket times. Chicken- a staple in any chefs basic training. Why were pieces not cooked thoroughly? Steaks - rare, lamb - medium rare, chicken - simple, cooked throughly. Not to mention ice cold potatoes and another guest in our party ordering carbonara, but receiving duck. She proceeded to wait for her correct entree to arrive while we all began to eat or attempt to eat. The server took the chicken off our bill. We ordered 2 of the brioche doughnut desserts. While the chefs sent out additional items to make up for the experience. They forgot the second order of what we actually asked for. At the end of the day, it is not about "freebies." We frequent many of restaurants to enjoy the eclectic cuisines and presentations, the price is not an issue. What is an issue is the arrogant and overly self enthused chef who argues that he would rather not have bread available (may I remind you, they now charge for) than have waste at the end of the night. His tally of food cost is clearly more important than the availability of "menu items" and let's be honest, how much does it cost them to make bread! The demeaner and attitude of "talking down" to a patron is unacceltable. Belittling a guest is not the way to right your wrongs. Not to mention arguing that the chicken was not raw. I invite him to take a look at the gummy pieces of undercooked chicken that graced the plate. I'm sure it made it to the trash faster than it would have to his eyes. A restaurant owner I am not, but executing a thoroughly cooked piece of chicken, I am clear on. Poor ticket times, raw chicken, incorrect food items, and lack of bread are going to be the things that keep the 2 additional couples and ourselves from returning ever again. It was an embarassment and a letdown. If your planning on charging patrons $47 for a 10-12oz hanger steak, a 10-12oz hanger steak is expected. We will not be returning to what we thought was a gem of a restaurant.
