Looking to catch an early dinner on our way home after a busy day, my wife suggested we stop here. She had enjoyed a lunch here and wanted me to try the fare they offered. I agreed, somewhat reluctantly, as I didn't expect too much from a restaurant on Main Street in East Haven with a seemingly pretentious name, especially since there were only two other diners in the restaurant when we arrived shortly after they had opened for the day. But I was pleasantly surprised, The decor is inviting and formal - nice to see white tablecloths instead of some of the trendy, often garish, settings one finds in many restaurants these days. The menu offered a nice variety of choices and there was an insert of the days specials as well. We generally don't indulge in appetizers, but the offerings in that category were tempting and certainly not "run of the mill." Instead, I chose the Ensalada de la Casa, which was ample enough to split with my wife. (I've seen the review dissing the salad dressing, but I found it to be, though subtle, tasty and complimented the salad offerings.) For our main course, my wife chose the Paella Valenciana, listed as a "Traditional Spanish paella with chicken, Spanish sausage, shrimp, scallops, mussels and calamari in a saffron broth." She was told that, since it was prepared from scratch, it would be a half hour before she would be served. She found it to be well worth the wait as, though basically a rice dish, every delicious forkful contained one or more of the other ingredients listed. The portion was ample, so she (and I) will be enjoying it for lunch tomorrow. My main course, presented timely with the Paella, was from the Specials Menu. I chose the grilled halibut with grilled cauliflower and other grilled vegetables in a sauce, the ingredients of which I can't remember but the memory of which lingers pleasantly. The generous, thick portion of fish was cooked to perfection, ranking up there with the best whitefish I've ever had, and the vegetables were also done just right, were flavorful and appropriately portioned. Though again temped, we chose to pass on desert (I can't believe I didn't sample the flan or the Crema Catalana - my cardiologist would be proud). While waiting for the check, we were each presented with a complimentary cordial glass of pale-amber muscatel, which topped off the meal nicely. The check came with an error, albeit in my favor as it omitted the charge for my meal - which I pointed out and had corrected.  All-in-all, a very pleasant experience for a spur-of-the-moment decision to dine out. I definitely look forward to the next time we dine there, and we'll bring friends along to share the enjoyment.
