I fashion myself a "Lebanese foodie," mainly because I grew up eating home-cooked Lebanese food multiple days out of the week. Both of my parents are Lebanese, so this source is not without competence. I have been wanting to dine here for a few years now: my girlfriend and I love Lebanese food, and we have been to Cedars, Alyans, Bitars, Manakeesh, King Tut's, Boutrous', and King Tut's - all multiple times. Unfortunately Hummus is my least favorite of them all. First the good news: the price is great! Middle Eastern food can be very labor-intensive, and consequently very expensive (try picking parsley for an hour to make Tabboule!). Second, the atmosphere is great - smack dab in the middle of University City, it is lively and fun. Unfortunately, the good news ends here. 1. The Tabboule is not good at all. They serve it with WAY too much Burghul (to pronounce this correctly, try saying "butthole"  but with a light T and light H). The parsley to Burghul ratio is horrendous. I will add that they should use number 1(fine) Burghul, not larger ones. Also, not enough lemon is used - this seems to be an ever-present problem with Middle Eastern places.  The weirdest issue I have with the Tabboule is the use of cumin! Save it for the kibbeh and other hushwe, not for mezze items!   2. The Hummus was sort of a bright spot in an otherwise plane of darkness. My only recommendation is to add a bit more garlic and a more liberal amount of lemon. Texture is perfect! 3. What the Kibbeh was that Kibbeh! I've never seen anything like it! The outside did not have any Burghul kneaded with the meat, and the hushwe (filling in the middle) was...what was it? I could not determine if it was me meat or lenten. It should be minced lamb/beef, minced onion, pine nuts, cumin, allspice, salt and pepper. 4. The Syrian Bread was too doughy, and lacked a pocket. I think the problem is the lack of a hotter oven (you need a really hot exposed burner to make the bread separate. 5. The Grape Leaves ("Wara 'Enub') were mushy, and compact. I prefer them served warmed, with meat in the middle. I like the ricy kid as well-but not prepared like they did here. All in allI was disappointed by this place. Pricing and location were great, but the food product was very sub-par :( I did hear that the owners were Israeli, so maybe the Israeli version of Lebanese food is a bit different? Can anyone on here speak to that? If so, then I do not like Israel's take on Lebanese food. If not, then they definitely missed their target!
