Let's get right to it, I would highly recommend this restaurant!  If you want/need more detail then read on.   I was researching a theatre district restaurant for a group of 4 of us to have a pre-show dinner.  (Two men, two women, age 44).  (NOTE if you are doing the same I recommend making reservations at least 1 week in advance to get the time you want before your show).   I am in NYC a lot for work so I know the neighborhood very well.  We don't often treat ourselves to dinner and a show so I wanted to be very sure the restaurant we went to was a good experience.  Admittedly I was not sure a place in the hub of the theatre/tourist district would be what we were looking for but the positive reviews here on Yelp prompted me to give it a go.   We arrived right on time and were promptly seated.  The downstairs and bar area were very crowded so we were very pleased to be brought upstairs to be seated.  We had a nice table for 4 with plenty of room - much more quiet and roomy upstairs.  The decor / atmosphere was very pleasant and I found the restaurant and restrooms to be very clean.  Our waiter was nice and prompt and everything we had was just amazing!  From the delicious bread and olives they serve to the appetizers and our dinners.  Everyone ordered something different and we all loved our meals.  Fresh, delicious, well presented, nice portions (not too little but not too much).  We also didn't even have to mention we were trying to make a show.  They served us very  promptly and yet (important to note) we did not feel rushed at all!! It was just very good service, they have the timing down to a science.   Now I must add here that when I am in the City on business I am fortunate to eat at some very famous and well known restaurants.  Trattoria Trecolori was truly a good meal!  And we were pleasantly surprised with the bill.  We all had a drink, an appetizer and a dinner and it came to $50/person including the tip.  Well worth it!  I would definatly go back to Trattoria Trecolori when I am in the city for whatever reason.  Well done!
