Let me start by saying DELICIOUS! DELICIOUS! DELICIOUS! Got there around 10pm on a Saturday night and we were fortunate they had a table left. The place is small, but has a nice cozy feel to it. The decor is rustic, and lighting is dim so its nice for groups and dates. I have to start by saying the staff was amazing! Extremely friendly and accomodating, especially the waitress. She was helpful with suggestions, very attentive and super friendly. Now let's get to the good stuff...LA COMIDA! (the food lol) APPETIZER: We ordered the trio empanadas (one of them was beef, one was corn and the last was spinach and cheese) PROS: They were all delicious. They weren't too small, and it was nice to have a variety. My personal fave was the corn, it was different and savory. CON: None really, they were all delicious, not greasy. We also wanted to try the spinach gnocchi, so our lovely amazing waitress suggested splitting one portion into two so we can both have a taste. PRO: I'm not a big fan of the regular potato gnocchi but I knew this was something I would need to try. Even though she split the portion for one person into two bowls, I would say we both had a nice amount. The spinach gnocchi was DELICIOUS! The lamb ragu was excellent, and even had nice chunks of lamb meat that went perfectly with the gnocchi. The gnocchi wasn't dry and definitely was fresh. CON: NONE... ENTREE: He ordered: some sort of seafood Carbonara pasta dish. I can't really review it because I didn't eat the whole thing. He liked it very much, pasta was fresh, it wasn't too creamy, it was very delicious. I ordered: one of the specials of the day, the filet mignon (ordered medium/well) with the asparagus and mashed potatoes. PRO: WOW....that meat just melted in your mouth, the outside had a nice crispy crust to it, like it was freshly cooked and the inside just melted in your mouth. I literally savored every bite of that meat. CON: I'm not a fan of mashed potatoes in general, I should have ordered more veggies instead, but thats basically the only con I could possibly have. DRINKS: I wish I knew the name, but again, our great waitress suggested this delicious red wine to pair with our meal. It was a mix of Bordeaux and Cabernet wine of some sort. I wish we had gotten the name, but it was just delicious, smooth, not too dry and not too sweet. & now the best part...DESSERT!! Although we were pretty stuffed, we always have to leave room for dessert! Avocado Flan (don't judge it if you haven't tried it) PRO: When I read this on the menu, I knew I had to try it. The flan itself is beautiful, a nice mint green gelatin looking flan is presented with a mint leaf (I think its mint) decorated with a balsamic reduction. upon your first bite you have this delicious sweet sensation on your palette and as the flan melts in your mouth you taste that delicious fresh avocado. It is not too sweet and in NO way does the avocado overpower the dish at all. One would think it would have a guacamole-ish taste to it, but it really doesnt. Words cant really describe how good this was, you really MUST taste it for yourself. CON: I wish I had more.... He ordered the Creme Brulee with plum compote PRO: Delicious, creamy and light tasting. CON: Next to the avocado flan, it was pretty neglected. Not because it wasn't good, it was a delicious creme brulee, but the avocado flan was just out of this world for us. Overall, as you can tell if you actually read this long review, we absolutely loved our experience here. I cannot wait to come back and try more delicious dishes and have more of that flan! Its definitely not a cheap place, but in the end it is worth every penny.
