This is an awful place to take your family to, unless you fancy impolite and rude staff, awful service and hospitality and lastly ruining your entire day. This place deserves no stars. I went to this terrible place on a Sunday along with my parents who were visiting me. I could understand the rush on a Sunday, so i was ok with the wait. But when people are waiting to be seated, i would expect the hotel staff to try and clean up tables as fast as possible. Rite from step 1 the lacklustre attitude of the staff was so evident.  Finally, i took it upon myself to find a table and  pointing out to one of their headless staffs that a table was free, and asked him to get it cleaned for us to be seated. I finally got a seat after 30 min. Little did i know that it was going to get worser. Though we got a seat, i didnt see any one even making an attempt to furnish the table with any of the cutlery, not even keeping any glasses or napkins. After about 20 min, we lost patience and i took it upon myself to engage another headless waiter to take our order.  He said he will be back shortly. He came back after 10 mins and took our order. He hurriedly wrote down our order and disappeared. Occasionally i used to see him wander across like a headless chicken. After half an hour, i got hold of this headless chicken and inquired about my order. He said he will check and get back. After another 20 min, he came back and told us casually that he had misplaced our order and without any guilt or shame, asked us to repeat our order so that he could write it down again. I just lost my patience and yelled at that guy. Even my highly patient father, who usually is very calm and composed, couldnt resist this and ended up cursing that guy. We pretty much created a scene at the restaurant. The moron waiter even tried to talk back to us like its our fault. The management staff(not sure if they have one) didnt even try to resolve or throw in some apologies. They were just smiling. What a BIG WASTE OF TIME. Well i do agree with that moron waiter, as it was indeed our fault to have chosen this crappy place to dine. Hospitality and Service is the number 1 priority for a restaurant to excel, not just the food. I wouldn't be surprised if this place is either taken over or even shut down.
