Third time at Agricola yesterday -- for wife's birthday. We loved it for dinner the first two times. But yesterday was such a serious disappointment, we've decided to stay away from now on, and spend our hard-earned money somewhere better. It was their Saturday brunch menu. We had a 2:30 reservation and were seated immediately and were nicely accommodated to a cozier table when we found the high bar-stool seating too hard on our backs. Problems: - They forgot to put silverware on our table, even when they served the food. (we eventually had to fend for ourselves taking silverware from other empty tables); - I ordered their poppyseed bagel with smoked salmon, capers, and pickled red onion. I asked our waiter to please have them toast the bagel golden brown for some crunch. He nicely asked me to describe exactly how well-done I wanted it, so I described. But when it came, it was cold, untoasted, mushy, and had only a bit of toasting on one edge. When you're paying this much at a "high end" place for what is essentially a run of the mill bagel and lox, they should at least pay attention and serve it the way you want it! But no: they blew it big time, and explained to me that it was "toasted to perfection". Yipes! - My wife ordered the "No-yolk fritatta with roasted fingerling potatoes", but what came was a limp, overcooked and rubbery mess, and no potatoes visible. When she asked the server where are the fingerling potatoes, they said they were inside. Sure enough, there were three or four thin slivers of potato hiding inside the mass, not the side of roasted fingerlings the menu implied. The waiter took on a kind of snooty attitude towards us, like we were trouble-makers for asking, and clearly not sophisticated enough to appreciate their classy 'cuisine'! (Anyone could recognize this as a botched Fritatta). - I had ordered their house-cut french fries as a side for my bagel. They come in a lovely presentation, vertically arrayed in a cone of parchment in a pewter cup. But... as soon as I eagerly tried one my face fell: cold, soggy, clearly fried at too low a temperature (no crunch at all, limp, greasy). I think because we were at the tail end of the brunch seating, they were in a rush to clean up, and maybe the fries were just sitting around too long and they just got rid of them by serving them to us! Really horrible, and at an absurd price. I called the waiter over and politely explained that someone in the kitchen must have made a mistake, and showed him the greasy, flaccid fries. But again the attitude. He went off, then came back and told us the manager said there is nothing they would do about it. (How about take the fries away and take it off the bill? Nope, that was not on their mind). The clincher was when the waiter said "I'm sure next time you join us the fries will be just as perfect!" with a big (sarcastic?) friendly smile. We're not stupid. We eat well all over the world. We know that the chefs at Agricola are capable of putting together some really fine dishes. But this was a shameful screw-up, made even worse by their snotty attitude: if anything seems wrong, must be the customers' fault! I don't know how often something like this will happen there, but WE'RE not going back.
