1st and last time to joes...   The hostess told us it would be an hour and 20 minutes for a table when we got there, which seemed odd because there were empty tables not being bussed and the staff appeared to be all hanging out by the server station.   My suspicions were correct and we got our seat in about 30 minutes.  That was the best part of the meal.   Our seat was way off in the corner of the bar area, and it smelled like old, stickey beer.  It took our server 15 minutes before she even came over and acknowledged us.  I watched her sing happy birthday, take a desert order, give a table their check and get them change before she took our drink and dinner order.   We ordered king crab legs and sodas.  Our drinks came out fast and so did the melted butter for our crabs.  We then sat there for 40 minutes with zero contact from any staff.   Our server must have had to run home to add the fabric softener, because she was nowhere to be found for the entire time.  After 40 minutes of watching their lackluster and disorganized staff go through the motions, what appeared to be a manager approached our table with the food.  I say "appeared" because this is the same guy who was standing at the server station chatting with his staff while customers were told it would be an hour and a half for a table while there were empty tables sitting for 10 to 15 minutes without being cleaned off and seated.  He walked over like frankenstein and said this and only this: "this is the old bay and this is the garlic".   The server came over and said that was her manager and she was very sorry for the wait.  She confirmed our ticket had sat there for 40 minutes and finally she had to go "talk to someone in the back".  I can just imagine how that talk went.  "wow it finally slowed down, it's almost empty out there.  Hey, what's that behind those boxes?" Well we got the crab legs, they were mediocre.  She forgot the hush puppies, whatever.  Some people sat down next to us, ordered and had their food in 10 minutes while we ate our very fishy smelling crab legs.  The quality of the crab seemed low, probably frozen.  And the way it's prepared makes the shell bend instead of break.   Anyway,  the two orders of crab legs and two sodas cost me 90 bucks.  I could have done a lot more with that money.
