I would like to state, first and foremost, that I have worked as a server in the restaurant industry for the past six years. I understand the pressure that waitstaff experience on a daily basis, not to mention the terrible hours and hard work that they put in. I am very generous with my tipping, and I am NEVER going to be a difficult customer. That being said, I was absolutely APPALLED at the service I received that the Bluebird Tavern when I was there for my birthday last week. So appalled that I left a barely over ten percent tip (which I have never done), and got up and asked for our bill before our meal was ever actually served to us (something I have never even considered previously). Our waitress was slow to get to us for not being that busy. She was struggling trying to open a bottle of wine at the table next to us, so I let the fifteen minutes we were ignored slide. We ordered poutine as an appetizer, and my dining partner ordered a beer. The beer never came, and since she wasn't the one to drop our appetizer to us (even though she was standing right there when it came up in the window), we werent able to convey to her that his beer was missing. We ate the entire plate of poutine without her checking on us, and she didn't pick the dirty plate off the table, so his beer never arrived. When she finally stopped over (after the plate had been gone for at least ten minutes) she noticed he "never received [his] beer". Well no kidding, you're our server and you never brought it!! There was probably another ten minute wait before that was brought over. Still, these are things I'm willing to forgive. I like dining out, and we weren't in a rush, so no big deal. However, when an hour goes by and we still didn't have our entree, I became a little less forgiving. I ordered a veggie burger, and he ordered a pasta dish. An hour to put out a pasta dish and a veggie burger? At 9:00 at night on a Wednesday? Give me a break. At this point. I got up and asked for the bill. No, we don't want our meal, which "should be out shortly, because the kitchen lost your ticket". I know what a waitress who knows her food is running late looks like. This girl looked like a waitress who knew she forgot to put the order in, since she never went up to the window and asked the cooks where our food was. The ultimate snub, however, came from the manager. He had already apologized to the table where our waitress had struggled to open a bottle of wine for something, though I am not sure what for. However, he was standing right next to the waitress when I went over and asked for our bill, and he had to delete our unserved entrees from it, but he never came over and apologized for wasting an hour of my birthday (which the waitress knew it was). Was it because we are a couple in our mid twenties instead of an "established" couple in our late thirties? News flash: the two of us can more than afford to go out and spend over a hundred dollars on dinner whenever we want. I will never visit this establishment again. For the two beers and the poutine we had, it was thirty dollars. Basically, we spent thirty bucks to sit and be ignored. It is a managers job to make sure customers leave happy. And in the restaurant business, it is more about how you fix a mistake than the mistakes you make. Clearly we weren't worth trying to keep as customers .
