I have eaten at Tops four times, and I can only say that the experiences have been far from stellar.  It would seem that the owners and diners equate quantity with quality.  If your goal is to be served copious quantities of food that could not or should not be eaten in a single sitting, then this is the place for you.  If you want consistently well prepared food, I would move on to another place.  The first time I  dined at Tops I had the enchiladas.  They were good, well seasoned, and tasty.  Because of the first experience, I went a second time and had the fish tacos.   They were average.  The fish had clearly been frozen and not fresh, the tortillas were flavorless and most likely prepackaged  from Mission, Old El Paso or a similar company.  They were crumbly and tasted industrial.   The salsa was fair to good although it too seem to be prepackaged and not fresh.  The third time I ordered the fish and chips.  The fish, as in the tacos, had clearly been frozen  and was mushy, and rather flavorless.   The fries, were limp and soggy.   Although they did an admirable job of attempting to serve the fries in the Belgian manner, they failed in the execution by serving very un-crisp fries. On the fourth attempt I had one of the specials of the day - Jambalaya.  I specifically asked if it was red or brown.  I was told brown,  and if that was true, there was no hint of a roux anywhere.  The menu also noted it as a "spicy" dish, which I found it hardly at all.  The most problematic issue with the dish is that is was not jambalaya at all --brown or red.  It was far closer to a slightly spicy Chinese sweet and sour, with little complexity or flavor, aside from a little spice.  I took one bite and left the remainder. The one desert I tried was another disappointment.  The key lime pie was clearly made from a boxed mix with no indication that any fresh key limes had been used in the preparation.  It is very likely there were no key limes used at all, fresh or dried. The service is also very mixed.  On one of the visits I order a bottle of white wine.   After it was opened and served I discovered it was tepid.   I inquired as to why  it was tepid only to find out that the wine coolers were broken.   I fully understand that things break, but if that is the case you inform the customer before serving them so they can make an informed choice.  You don't serve them, charge them for the product, and then explain there is a problem - that is highly unprofessional.  Also, rarely do the servers follow up with food satisfaction.  When I ate virtually none of my Jambalaya and was  asked  by the server if I would like to take it home and I responded no, at most restaurants the wait staff would have followed up and asked if something was wrong with the dish, at Tops they simply took it away without asking a single question. On a funnier note, I order a Caesar Salad and asked if it had anchovy.  The waiter said no as that was an American addition to the French receipt.   I corrected him stating that in fact the Caesar Salad was invented in Tijuana, Mexico in the 1920's, albeit in an Italian restaurant  whose owner's name was Caesar.  His assertion that the anchovies were a later addition, however, was correct-- the salad was good. Finally, although the portion sizes are large, the prices are expensive.   Having come from Manhattan, I can say I don't know of a diner in NYC whose prices are as high as Tops.  Granted the portions are smaller, but I would prefer to eat my meal once, not reheated two or three times. Although I had strong hopes as Tops would have great food, particularly as I live in the building next door, and it is the only restaurant for some distance, I will not be going back nor can I recommend it to those in the inside the building or out.  If you goal is large quantities, at rather expensive prices, than Tops is the place to go.
