I've been going to Jose Tejas for about 15 years now and have never had a bad meal there once.  I love their food, don't think that it is over-seasoned, and enjoy the fact that the portion sizes are very good.  I don't know how "authentic" the Tex-Mex/Cajun food is compared to restaurants in Texas or Louisiana, but I have a feeling that this is about as close as it's possible to get that kind of cooking up here in NJ, so I'm not going to knock it for not being in the actual locale or for not having access to the same local foodstuffs. If you want to go there when there isn't a wait, then you have to go right when they open, which is around 11-11:30am on a Sunday, if I remember correctly.  You'll still wait a bit for the food, because they're just starting the whole cooking process, but you'll avoid the long wait which is good if you've got kids.  Or else go after the peak meal/date times.  Forget about avoiding the wait Friday through Sunday, though; it is inescapable unless you're there when they open the doors. Speaking of kids, this is a great place to take them.  There's enough of an assortment for even the picky eaters and the prices are very reasonable.  I started taking the kidlets here when they were just out of high chairs; at first they wouldn't even eat tortilla chips, now we have to ask for extra salsa - lol. I rarely drink so I can't comment on the liquor aspect of the place.  I do know that if you are waiting at the bar, the wait staff will bring you some chips and salsa while you wait. To get around that whole "no take-out thing"  just order two of whatever you want initially, eat one and take the other one home.  That's what I usually do with their jambalaya and I've never had a problem with the wait staff over it.  I think they do such a consistently large volume of business that they don't need to add a separate take-out aspect to their business to cover the slow times, as other restaurants do. This is not the place to go if you want to spend a long leisurely quiet meal.  The noise level is always high; there is a constant hustle and bustle of people coming and going.  The wait staff size seems adequate for the job, and nine times out of ten the waiters are cheerful and helpful.  The only time they haven't been chatty is when the place is really packed and the wait times are horrendous; can't blame them for that.  At times like that, I've found that it pays to be ready to give your full order as soon as your waiter comes to the table for the drinks/appetizer order; it cuts down on the meal prep time and you don't have wait for the waiter to come back for the main order.  Menus are available to look at while you are waiting for a table.  No desserts are served, so there's no reason to linger when you're finished; I've never been rushed out by the wait staff, but once you've finished eating there's really no reason to linger because of the high noise level.
