If zero stars was an option, that's what this would have been.  Let me preface the rest of this review by saying we've been here before and the food and service were both good...3-3.5 stars and worth a return trip.   We went to their New Years Eve event w/ a group.  I'm guessing there were 100-125 people for the event.  It was open bar from 8-9pm and I was able to get one drink.  The bar was packed as expected, but the services was incredibly slow.    Once we went upstairs for dinner it got worse.  Several people at our table ordered the gnocchi pasta course.  The first plates came out and although extremely salty everyone thought it was okay.  The rest of the plates came out and the plates were half the size of the others and had a serving 1/3 the size...they ran low on gnocchi and tried to hide it by putting it on a smaller plate.  The "prime rib" was grocery store quality meat that was horribly overcooked, served lukekwarm,  and covered in canned mushrooms. The stuffed sole was completely cold and fishy. Coffee took almost 25 minutes once ordered.  Dessert was what looked like a plate of pastries from a frozen assortment.  The main course wasn't served until close to 10:30 at an event that started at 9.  It would have been nice to have finished dinner and dessert by midnight, but that didn't happen either. We spoke with the manager who was willing to accommodate us for the poor experience w/ a reduction in our bill that we felt was appropriate.  He came back and said the owner wouldn't allow it and would only approve a lesser amount.  Obviously we asked to see the owner.   He came up from the party downstairs to talk to us as if he were doing us a favor.  At one point he said "maybe you just don't understand my food" as if he was performing some kind of magic with poor quality beef and pre-cooked mushrooms.  After an increasingly aggressive conversation we finally decided to just pay the bill and move on with our night.  When we got the bill with his proposed discount (20%) we noticed a 20% gratuity had been added.   If it hadn't already been well past midnight we would have argued this also as the service didn't warrant 20%.  In an effort to just end a miserable evening we paid and left.  The service issues appeared to be a result of a horribly overwhelmed staff rather than poor effort, but that didn't change our experience. We will never be back and not only will I tell everyone I know about our NYE experience, this review will be posted on any site that takes reviews.  I can understand an off night by the kitchen, staff, bartender, etc. but the owner needs to step up and acknowledge the mistake and make it right.  This owner was more concerned with socializing than making sure his $100pp NYE party wasn't rapidly going down the tubes.  Good luck selling tickets for this next year!
