This place is not worth your money- the sandwiches are bland, overpriced, and the dude who runs it is a jerk.  Read below for the whole story. We had tickets to a movie playing across the street at Cinema Village ("In a Dream"- don't miss it!) and decided to have a quick bite before the film started.  After checking Num Pang's menu and seeing that it said "bread baked by parisi bakery," I asked the woman behind the counter what kind of bread it was.  She gestured to the baguette-looking bread behind the counter and said, "it's just regular bread," to which a tall white guy (clearly the owner or manager with the tone he was taking) next to her said, "no, it's not regular bread, it's a semolina blah blah blah..." and goes on and on about the bread.  That's fine, but he was being really rude to the woman behind the counter, whom he obviously employs.  I heard him say to her, "Do you know what semolina is?"  Like he was talking to a child.  Strike one. Trying to overlook this my boyfriend and I both ordered the catfish sandwich, and I ordered mine without cilantro, because I'm allergic to it.  The woman behind the counter tries to tell me that they don't offer substitutions, but you could tell her she was nervous now that she just got yelled at by her boss in front of us.  When I told them about my allergy, the boss dude jumped in again and said, "that's just our policy, unfortunately."  I argued about the policy so he took me aside and basically told me that he can't trust his staff to handle such responsibilities as not putting cilantro in a sandwich.  I looked behind the counter and there were only people of color working the line, he was the only white guy working there.  When I asked why he hired people that he thought were incompetent, he gave me this look like, "in a perfect world, all of my staff would be able to follow directions."  There was another couple who didn't want mayo on their sandwiches and when they asked to get their money back the manager barked at them "that's what I'm doing!"  Strike two.  What a dick. The movie was going to start soon, so we just got the catfish sandwiches, and I picked out the cilantro.  The sandwiches were kind of bland and relied heavily on the chili mayo they put in all the sandwiches.  The bread wasn't even that good.  Strike three. Definitely not going to spend my money on a bland sandwich for an establishment that is run by a privileged racist jerk.
