What a shame.   The food at Osteria Giotto ranges from good to very good, but the hospitality is non-existent.  This past Saturday, it was evident from the moment we entered and encountered the snotty hostess.  After at least 15 minutes of sitting at our table unacknowledged, I asked that our wine at least be opened.  Nothing happened for another 10 minutes. Our waitress finally showed up.  I explained that it was very important that my meal be gluten free.  She said she would inform the other waiter who would be taking care of us as well, then finally opened our wine and gave us menus.  Some time later, the other waiter appeared to take our orders.  I asked whether the waitress had mentioned that I would need a gluten free meal.  She had not, of course.  I explained again that it was very important.  It was clear neither had been educated as to the significance.   I requested a pasta dish to be made instead as a risotto.  The chef was willing -- which I truly appreciated -- HOWEVER, I became wretchedly ill immediately after dinner because it was not gluten free!  Is this apathy, ineptitude, ignorance?  I really don't care, actually, because none of those is acceptable.   My meal, incidentally, consisted of a tri-colore salad (lettuces not fresh), the risotto (so-so), and a creme brulee (very good). If you cook for, or serve, people, you need to be conscious of what you serve and to educate all staff members.  Eating gluten free is not some trendy diet to sufferers of celiac disease and other gluten intolerances, and it is not by choice: it is the difference between remaining healthy and doing serious damage to the body.   Aside from failure to accomodate my dietary constraints -- despite their having assured me they would do so -- service was brusque and in general not attentive.  Diners were jostled as those who delivered plates hustled through the dining room as if they were blocking for a running back.  Once our entrees were served, no one followed up to see that they were satisfactory.  It is difficult to get the attention of a waitperson, and once you do, it's not worth much. Osteria Giotto would do well to understand that they were not doing us a favor by taking our reservation, seating us, taking our orders, etc.  We were PAYING for that experience, but don't worry: we certainly will not make that mistake again.
