First let me say that if you happened to be driving along Washington Ave in West Orange and knew the same area of older times you might raise an eyebrow of interest seeing a pizzeria in the same location that Fat Boy's used to occupy.  Even if you have no idea what I'm talking about just keep driving and go to Star if you want to get some food as Mamma Maria's is one of the most abysmal food establishments I've had the misfortune to order food from.  If I had a childhood enemy that had burned my toys, killed my pet, and took a sledgehammer to my car on my 17th birthday I'd still hold an intervention for that guy rather than allow him to even dial the area code or pick up a set of keys to interact with this "restaurant:. Now I know Jersey and I definitely know Jersey pizza places.  I can understand and embrace a wide range of idiosyncrasies amongst restaurant staff in this kind of business and even the ineptitude of a pizza cook new to the business.  Mamma Maria's was horrible before the supposed "new management" they advertised a short while back but aside from seeing one or two faces it's the same exact crew making even larger errors in every aspect of running that business.  Let's start with ordering food. Whether in person or on the phone it couldn't matter less.  I've had both myself and my fiancee order with her speaking spanish and I english.  Any way you go about it they need to clarify things multiple times, can't understand special orders, and are horrible with time.  Any time I've heard a time for pickup, since I learned early on to call ahead, it always takes 15-30 minutes longer than estimated.  On top of that the last time I ordered 6 sandwiches for my family on a Friday night I told the owner my order and then he handed me off to a woman.  This woman took the order again, so obviously the owner could care less than to write down an order but will make you go through 6 sandwiches with -/+ this or that before he actually gets you to someone who gives a damn.  The woman then repeats the order back to me, so this is 3 times the order has been read outloud.  Price and time given she hangs up and I go about my intervening business. 30 minutes later, 10 minutes after the estimate, I arrive and am told they JUST got bread to make the sandwiches and are in the process of doing so now.  I step outside for a cigarette and when I'm about to head back in to check on the order a child pops his head out the door and tells me they don't have the bread for my sandwiches.  I, confused, go back in and question the woman while the pizza cook remains silent.  She tells me the bread she had just told me they received moments before my arrival wasn't there yet and they couldn't make my sandwiches.  Clearly I had my words and left for somewhere with some idea as to what they were doing having wasted the better part of an hour waiting for food. The food itself varies.  Don't order a deli sandwich unless you like two THICK cuts of deli meat with the same in cheese, rought chopped lettuce, and half rotten tomatoes.  Pizza contains barely any sauce or cheese, italian "meals" vary so widely in quality depending on the day it's best to do your body a favor and avoid them.  All in all just all around nasty with beef patties that never sell and sit in an unrefrigerated display for days(weeks?months?). Do yourself a favor and unless you need to feed tauntauns steer clear of Mamma Maria's!
