I just came back from having a not so pleasant dining experience at a restaurant where I went for dinner. Guess what we ended up with? This was our waiter's first night serving after coming off of training. He was very pleasant but seemed nervous and tried his best to make us happy, so he wasn't the problem. The problem I had was with what I ordered and the mysterious thing found in my food. I found a clay like blob substance that looked like a piece of crap. This was in the salad I ordered. I got the Waldorf salad which has lettuce, grilled chicken, cranberries, walnuts and blue cheese. Before I ate into my salad, it looked lovely. I ate a few bites and it tasted pretty good. And then I made the mistake of picking up a hard gray slab of WTF, bit into it and a massive burst of dirt and grit exploded in my mouth. I gagged asked, WTF did I just bite into? That's not strange looking mushroom, which I first thought it was. The waiter came over and took the hybrid gritty clay blob  thing away and was going to ask the kitchen what it was. He didn't take away my salad and never asked if I'd like something else. I waited for him to return with an explanation and for the manager to come over and apologize. During this time I tried to wipe away the grit in between my teeth and tongue. Finally the waiter comes back and we asked if he found out what the hard gray gritty blob  thing was and he said the kitchen had no clue and then asked if I was enjoying my salad otherwise? WTF?! Dude, I lost my appetite big time! I'm supposed to sit there and enjoy tainted food from some dirt blob thing or perhaps a piece of shit that may have come from an animal (Okay, maybe I'm stretching) and eat it knowing I may end up with food poisoning? Plus you never tell the manager what went down? So, off I go to the hostess to explain what happened to me. I've worked in food service for 8 years. During high school and college I worked at McDonalds and even there we were taught to wash all vegetables and salad mixtures. Apparently someone didn't do their job in the kitchen and went ahead and served tainted food, which could be the kiss of death for a restaurant. I go on to say that the waiter isn't to blame because he didn't prepare the food, but the manager should have been told. The kitchen needs a stern talking to. The hostess tells me she'll have the manager come over to our table. And so we wait and wait and no manager. Our waiter acts as if nothing has happened, although he did finally ask if I wanted something else and would take my salad off the bill. I couldn't even stomach any food at this plate because again, I still tasted gritty blobby dirt crap in my mouth. We paid the bill and on the way out I told the hostess that the manager never came to see us and I hope I didn't end up sick by what I took a bite out of. A big old food fail and manager fail from Alexus Steakhouse Tavern.
