We are visiting from California and use Yelp all the time.  It has never steered us wrong - until now.  Plain and simple it was not good. We grew up in the suburbs and would go to Chinatown several times a year.  It was something special that we all enjoyed.  Occasionally you would get a bad dish but so what.  You could count on every restaurant getting the americanized basics right (wonton soup, fried rice, egg rolls).  I regret to say this place did not. The sweet and sour soup was thick but just not tasty at all.  This was the first time in my life I had not finished a bowl of soup at a Chinese restaurant.  My sister got the won ton soup and did not finish it either. My wife and I shared the kung pao shrimp which was devoid of taste.  I had never eaten something so colorful with so little flavor. My experience with kung pao dishes is that they are spicy.  No luck here.  I hoped this was just one bad dish.  To my chagrin, sampling the other entrees did not help. My sister liked the shrimp in lobster sauce.  My wife and I did not.  The shrimp was mushy.  I think my sister was just happy to have a rare day away from home.  She would have raved about cold lumpy oatmeal which is what the lobster sauce resembled. My son liked his General Tso tofu dish.  My daughter ate it later as leftovers and also liked it.  They are both strict vegetarians.  So they are used to eating tasteless food and pretending to like it.  And my daughter was starved because her flight was 3 hours late due to weather.  She also had very low standards because "belly hungry!". Maybe we angered the staff which may explain the poor food.  Our party of five arrived in two stages 30 minutes apart (due to the airport fiasco).  The coup de grace was when my mother-in-law threw up at the table.  I can't blame the food since I ate the same uninspired chicken fried rice she did and felt fine.  In retrospect it was good timing as it prevented us from picking through this awful food.  To my amazement, my wife had the staff pack up the remains which we later served to my starving daughter.  So much for "our parents of the year" award - again. Oh, but the tea was pretty good. We will go back to Chinatown - just not this place.
