It's been a while since I last wrote a review of Café Triskell; however, it's high time I pay tribute to the truly outstanding specials that Philippe has to offer. 1. Seared foie gras over a blueberry and pomegranate reduction. This would be my ideal, last meal dish. Lightly crispy on the outside, but creamy, buttery, sweet and just delicious inside. Every savoury bite just melts in your mouth. I could eat this in the bath. It's one of life's sinful pleasures. And you'll find no better than at Café Triskell. 2 Lobster, chorizo risotto - unbelievably good. The texture, fluffy, the feel creamy and the punch - just a bit spicy. The lobster cooked to perfection is accompanied by a pinch of thai chili paste that takes this meal to a whole new level. It's the missing link to what French cuisine should have always been. Chefs touting their bland, monotone cheesy excuses will only have hatred for Philippe on this one. I feel for them. Once you've tried the risotto at Triskell - you won't want it anywhere else. 3. Whole grilled sardines. Nothing pleases me more than tearing into these. Briny goodness and ingeniously simple. Not a fan of fresh, mediterranean fish? For me, the oiler the better. Philippe's take - simple. They are grilled to perfection with just a hint of fresh herbs. Wash it down with a glass of pinot blanc, sancerre or a muscadet. 4. Monkfish à la provençale with Basmati rice. Maybe it's the Indian in me or rather it's Philippe's fusion of French and asian cuisine. It's simple perfect, lightly spicy, tender and succulently sweet. Who needs anything else? I sure as hell won't be asking. 5.Coq au vin - yes, you heard me. A dish I'd normally avoid thinking of those sad images of soggy capon soaking in uncooked wine. Philippe's is truly homestyle genius. It's got that hint of marmalade that sends you over edge. It sits on a small bed of flat noodle pasta that soaks up the the juice. 6. Bœuf bourguignon with fettucini - utterly good, douse this with a simple Malbec, and you're on your way home. If you're not a fan of beef stew, you will be converted after trying this. Just like dear old gran's stew if she were maître de cuisine at a two-star Michelin restaurant. 7.Sweetbreads with black truffle. Offal and other organ meats are usually sadly ignored; however, with the rise of locavore-like restos, they appearing on almost every menu. Philippe told me that he uses the upper, less veiny gland for this number. The texture of the upper gland is softer and while taste is delicate, with a hint of bacon. Topped off with a black truffle infusion.
