Our first and last visit to this place!!!       When we first arrived it looked like your traditional smokehouse, but the place did not have the typical BBQ or smoked smell you would come to find in smokehouse places. My wife ordered the half chicken, and to my surprise the chicken was pulled out of a warm bin from a prep table as if I was getting a burrito from moes, or a subway sandwich, but we were dealing with poultry which should be handled with a little more concern. I'm not at a festival where this type of food prep is understandable, at least have the chickens in the back in a oven and not crammed inside a bin that looks like it should hold my baked beans!  Anyway it rubbed me the wrong way to say the least, but I tried to get fancy so I ordered the ribs which I thought "my ribs won't come out of a warm bin, it'll be cut from a full rack from the back, possibly still in the smoke box ". Nope. Came right out of a bin just like the chicken and was also precut, and dry. I payed the same price for 4 ribs as I would for a half rack somewhere else which was disappointing. The food was par, the meat was dry, and my collards were bland, but the sauce was real good and I actually went to whole foods and bought a jar of the spicy BBQ today even after what happened to my wife later on in the day. My wife is still in bed actually from obtaining a baddddd case of food poisoning. She doesn't even want to hear the review I wrote simply because it'll make her nauseous hearing about this place. So to management: watch who you hire, they're some lazy employees here and make sure those bins get cleaned.       I like the concept of how you expedite but make it more presentable like leaving poultry and pork which are two of the biggest meats to harbor bacteria  in the back. Have the guy get your sides in the front and have them bring the plates to the back for the meats. Our experience was real bad considering this trip could include a ER visit and we'll never come here again. Hopefully this place will improve their standards soon or it might be back to solely sauce making.
