Ryan showed no effort to provide service from the time we were sat down to the time we left. He made us feel that he was doing us a favor by serving us and he had no customer service etiquette. We had ordered 2 quesadillas with EXTRA onions and green peppers and light on the cheese. The food that was initially brought out by Ryan had very small amount of the toppings and more cheese. Upon informing Ryan of this immediately, he offered no apology, took the food back, came back within 5 minutes with the same plates and just added more onions and green peppers into the food that was already made. Ryan or the Kitchen staff picked up each quesadillas and stuffed more onions and peppers into it. That's not acceptable! At this time, I informed of this inadequacy to John (manager). I explained to him that in my previous visit we had a similar issue and at that time, he told me to order EXTRA onions and green peppers the next time we order. This time we followed what John had previously proposed and we still got the food served to us wrong. His solution as he offered to me was "next time, just ask for the server who you think gets your order right" I told him that the solution he is offering to me is unacceptable as he is the manager and needs to take the issue very seriously as this is a training issue. Service needs to improve and kitchen has to get its act together. John offered nothing else. Once we were done with the food, another server came to give us the check and John did not even come back to check to see if he could do anything else so that we feel as valued guest. John and Ryan both provided terrible service and does not make me trust on the border service or management. I am taking my time out to write this is because I am a long time customer of OTB (11 Years) this may be the 50th time i need to complain and it is just unacceptable. We have decided to not come to your establishment ever again and i will ensure to spread the word about it as well and that will not just be limited to your prospective customers but state dept of health as well for unsanitary and uncleaned floors, bathrooms and your kitchen which i assume from the mismanagement that it is much filthier than we can see from outside.
