This is a two part review- 1) music taste and 2) food. Both get 2 stars. First, music taste. Let me set up the scene for you:  Black female enters Rotisseur dressed awesome, sporting her Tory Burch bag and aviators.  I am in line (Latin Female) waiting to order some chicken while "A Tribe Called Quest" is playing on the radio...but not just ANY Tribe Called Quest song... specifically the one titled, "SUCKA N**GA."  Now, I love me some Tribe music. Cool to listen to in a music lounge or at home. NOT cool to hear that song in a food establishment with brown people and families who just want to eat a nice meal without cringing at the inappropriateness of the lyrics. So i step up to the counter and kind of give the chick behind the register a little unsolicited advice- song is cool, but not for a business. She basically looks at me like a deer in headlights and continues to cut my chicken. She doesn't even notice the woman in the nice aviators do a 180 and take her green cash somewhere else. Smart woman. Had i not paid for the chicken already, i would have done the same. Second, food.  So, I kind of mentioned i was Latin. That said, I've had some experience with tasting some awesome Peruvian rotisserie chicken (if you haven't, check it out- specifically, El Balconsito in the NE). I've also had experience tasting rotisserie chicken cooked in French ovens in France (St. Tropez, specifically).  It's good. Especially when the chicken drippings fall heavily on the roasted potatoes and olives on the bottom of the oven.  I know that the French spin on the name and the boasting of a French oven sound very posh and exquisite- as does the cage free, hormone, free, happy chicken claim... but after tasting the bird, I wasn't impressed.  It was good- but not $17 good. Dibruno does a bangin' job for $9.99. El Balconsito does it for half the price.  Maybe DiBruno's and El Balconsito's chickens aren't cage free, but what can you do? As for the sides, the Mac n Cheese was good but spicy (good for me, but may not be a happy surprise for others). They use a lot of white pepper, me thinks. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at Rotisseur. At least I wouldn't invest $17 for a whole chicken.
