So I'll start off with a disclaimer that if you're here on a date and you go on a relatively busy night (say Friday or Saturday), it can be a little hard to hear yourself because the place will get packed and it's not the most spacious restaurant in the world (probably seats like 30 people or so). The atmosphere is pretty casual (no tablecloths) and the servers have always been very friendly each time I came in. However, aside from that, I think everything else about this establishment is done awesomely. The waitstaff is great, friendly, and easygoing; the bartender knows his stuff. My problem is that I always go through the eyes-bigger-than-your-stomach phase with appetizers at many places, and it's ten times worse for me at Kiwiana. I really like the recent addition of fried whitebait. Combined with the hot artichoke soup (it used to be a corn soup but I think the reason they have paper menus is 'cuz they keep changing the menu by the week), it makes a good start to any meal. As for the entrees, I have a really hard time deciding what I like second-best in this place. First place is easily the rack of lamb -- I've had lamb at a lot of establishments (it's probably my second favorite food after steak) but how can you go to a New Zealand restaurant and NOT order lamb? Isn't that what the entire freaking country is known for? I overheard a table next to us saying that the chef grew up on a lamb farm, which totally doesn't surprise me. As for my second-favorite entree, it's probably a tie between the fried chicken (no, seriously -- it's served with this honey that's had truffles infused with it or something, it's ridiculously good) and the lamb burger (again....New Zealand? Lamb? Hello, anyone?). The lamb burger's main downside is that I eat it too fast. Finally, I'm not one to really know my wines, but my date seemed to like the savingnon wines that apparently all come from New Zealand? She said their selection was  exceptionally good, since I don't hear of many other new zealand establishments in new york. Also, one last warning: brunch gets packed, and is cash-only. (This is when I always have a really hard time deciding between the steak and the lamb burger. yes, life is really hard.)
