I've been here 4 times (3 to eat and once to check out their dance party).  The DJs get it poppin when this place is a club, but other than that they must have one of THE WORST wait staffs I've EVER encountered.  I wanted to buy into the hype and give them the benefit of the doubt (hence why I went back 3 times to eat), but they just don't cut it.  The decor is cool and modern.  The food is good and I heart the Calibunga burgers even though they are on tiny potato rolls and I'm not a fan of potato rolls to begin with.  The adult shakes ARE Effing DELICIOUS and DO live up to the hype, but these things are only part of the overall experience and the bad outweigh the good.   The first time I went to eat there was opening day for the Phillies last year and it was mostly empty on a weekday afternoon.  My guest and I sat outside and ordered salads, meals, and adult shakes.  They messed up our orders (they even gave me me a real burger instead of the vegetarian) and overcooked my guest's burger.  We waited FOREVER for everything we ordered.  They refilled our water once, but we had to go in to ask them.  They never asked how we were doing and we had to ask them twice for our check because they "forgot."   The second time I went with my friend on a busy Friday night and it was packed.  We wanted a table outside, but would take anything and while we waited they told us that we could sit or stand at the bar. We saw a table inside that remained open for 10 minutes and asked the host if we could sit there and they said it was ok. We waited another 10 minutes at the table watching as no less than 3 members of the wait staff assembled to stand around and form some sort of jaded discussion on I don't know what. I finally approached them and asked for a menu. 5 more minutes went by and none of them moved until I waved one over and they took our drink order of 2 beers and an order of cheese fries. We waited 10 minutes and the beers never came, but the host found us and said he could seat us outside so we said ok and moved as they alerted our server. Then we got a new waitress who took 5 minutes to take our order of the beer, fries, and now 2 burgers. We waited another 30 minutes for our order. When it arrived the guy told us they were out of cheese so he scraped off the rest (which was mostly burnt) and slopped it on for us (ummm, thanks?!). We finished and waited 45 minutes for our check. I went back a few days later for my birthday (I guess I'm a masochist) with a small group of maybe a half dozen. This time we sat outside and there were no complaints about our orders and the wait times for everything was (slighty) shorter. In conclusion, it's a good place if you like to dance with this crowd or a good place to watch the Phils on the big screen outside and have beers, but other than that you should steer clear. I could tell you 2 employees that desrve to be unemployed, but I'm not putting them on blast on Yelp.  A word to the owner: get a wait staff that knows what they're doing and actually do their job and do it right.
