I found a piece of plastic in my food.  Figured I'd cut to the chase. And I'm not talking a piece of plastic bag (not that I'm ok with that), but a piece of jagged hard plastic.  While I wouldn't expect that any eating establishment, I certainly wouldn't expect that at Minetta Tavern. But for anyone who looks at my Yelp account, you'll also see I don't write reviews cuz I usually don't care that much.   And in this case, the plastic was bad, but the after plastic response from our waitress and Minetta Tavern's management was absolutely amateur hour.  I've had better service at a Chipotle so when entrees are greater than $30, my expectations go up.  That's the way the cookie crumbles. When I told the waitress there is a piece of hard plastic in my food, there are several acceptable responses with most of them consisting of some combination of I'm sorry, apologies, etc.  Empathy I guess is the right word. But our waitress who was generally personalityless which is fine as I'm not looking for a best friend responded with "Yes - that sometime's happens." Really?  People  find hard plastic in their food at Minetta Tavern regularly.  Good to know.   She asked if I wanted something else and I wasn't in the mood for food at this point.  She asked if I wanted another of the same entree (Berkshire Pig Trotter), and I said I did not.  It was not very good but more than that, once I bite into plastic in a dish, I'm generally not too keen on eating that again 5 minutes later. It's worth noting that my colleagues or I who were at dinner didn't cause a ruckus about this.  They were enjoying their Black Label Burgers to varying degrees, but plastic-gate was behind us and it was good company so dinner moved on. Then the manager came over and asked if I'd like something else.  Ok - that's nice enough.  I took another look at the menu and got the trout.  He asked if I wanted another beer and I said sure. Then the bill came and the waitress said they didn't charge me for the plasticized pig and the beer in a tone suggesting they'd done me a favor.  Here's where various failures of service began for a restaurant of Minetta Tavern's elan (beyond the first one above about how plastic in Minetta Tarven food sometimes happens). - I had 4 bites of the pork before discovering plastic.  Of course, you're not going to charge me for it.  And if you feel to highlight that you didn't charge for it, make it clear that it obviously wouldn't be charged for.   - When someone finds plastic in their food at any restaurant, comping them a beer is not acceptable.  Sorry.  This should be obvious.   - And so I expressed my thought for a restaurant of Minetta's prominence, this seemed inappropriate.  She responded saying I need to talk to her manager and said "we did comp the beer. What would you like?"  Here's where I rely on the professional restaurant management to know what to do.  I don't generally find plastic in my food so I don't know what is appropriate but I was asked to give a counter offer and said "at a minimum, the trout should be comped".   - She huffed away to her manager who after 5 minutes came by and pleasantly said the Trout is also comp'd. - She then came back and said irritated "Did you get what you want?"  The answer is no generally but the attitude wasn't helping.   These types of incidents are opportunities for any type of service establishment like a restaurant to turn something unfortunate into a win.  But instead, Minetta Tavern exacerbated an unfortunate accident (I assume the plastic was accidental) with poor service and a complete lack of empathy.  Minetta's a hot restaurant so perhaps it was hubris, but nevertheless, it was a total and utter failure of service for the Minetta Tavern team.  A sincere sounding apology and a round of beers would have done it (that's $25).  But instead, they get my first review on Yelp. Let me provide an example of Fatty Cues as an example of how to do it right.  We went there as part of a work team dinner, and they had a table that was taking too long to wrap up so they seated us 25 mins late for our reservation.  They came by and said "Guys, we screwed up.  We're bringing a couple of rounds on house over to make up for it."  Easy peezy.  We're fans for life after that. So in summary, - plastic in food - what I tasted was mediocre - and very subpar service = 1 star
