The best new restaurant in Montclair!!!! i am writing this review cause i been going to Samba for quite a long time, it quickly become my favourite place in the area! I live in Montclair so pretty much i been to all the restaurants in the area, i guess i could say i know the good, the bad, the clean ones, the dirty ones.... back to samba their lunch menu is very good, dinner it must be the most romantic restaurant in montclair, from the decor to the cozy ambiance!!! the service is always friendly and all the servers are very nice. so that is why it took me by surprise when i read the post or review by this person Alfred O. i happend to be there having an early dinner with a friend when this person say that they were rude at him. I saw the whole thing and i can tell that this person is lying. the guy with the beard didn't slam the door at you, i would be sticking up for you if somebody slam a door at a person with a baby!! or at any person! you accuse him of doing that at you and he quickly say that he was sorry, that he didn't see you coming. then you ask for a table and he told you that he would check the reservation book, i guess he couldn't find a table for the amount of people that you requested, i think the rude one is you cause you did not wait at the door you follow him with your stroller and you were trying to tell him how to arrange the tables to your convenience, and the other girl that was with him, was trying to find a way to sit you, by then he already told you that he had more people coming with reservations. then he walk you to the door and he say sorry again to you and your wife, and that they try to accomodate everybody, i didn't see sarcastic, if any he was polite and proffesional. i can tell all this cause i was seated on the booth, and Samba like i say is cozy and small, the service is really personal, even on weekends when they are really busy. And then to make it more interesting a couple with a baby were seated right away and they were ask for reservations by the same guy, they say no! we don't have a reservation.I guess they turned out to be friends of yours, cause they ask the guy with the beard about the whole incident with you, and then he described to them exactly what i witnessed. he could have change the story to make it on his favor. he didn't, so he wasn't lying like you said. Bottom line: Samba is a great restaurant with an awesome friendly service,  i can't wait to go back!
