My wife and I have been regulars at High Street on Market since moving to the area in August - but only for brunch. It became our favorite restaurant from the first meal - a massive pastrami sandwich (easily the best I've ever had) - to the next, when I sampled their richly inventive black bialy with smoked whitefish. The service has always been top-notch as well. I had been wanting to try their dinner menu, especially since I had so enjoyed the pastas at sister restaurant Fork. Last night, we scored an easy mid-week reservation, and hoped for the best. I've never had such high expectations for a dining experience yet been so let down. To start - nothing on the menu really stood out. The waitress kept pushing the shared plates and $50 tasting menu. I've never been convinced the shared plates concept is a good idea - it seems like restaurants are charging a lot of money for very little food. As for the tasting menu, we didn't want to spend over a hundred dollars on dinner. Instead, we went for the bread platter to start, which is very much worth the $4 (+$2 for the spreads) as it is not simply another basket of bread. I'm not great with describing food, so I'll just go ahead and say that if you eat at High Street, you are missing out by not paying a few extra bucks for bread that you will probably not find anywhere else. Seriously, it's delicious. The entrees are were things went wrong. My wife ordered the Cod entree and I ordered the Angry Crab Spaghetti. At $23 it seemed a little pricey for pasta, but it was home made, plus it had crab and scallops, so I figured it would be worth it. When our very small plates came, I quickly realized I was wrong. These were not entrees. These were small plates. Or side dishes. But at main course prices. OK, then maybe the quality of the food warranted the price. Not so much. The cod was bland. My pasta had a nice, mildly spicy tang with a hint of crab flavor (didn't taste any hint of scallop at all). Unfortunately, there wasn't enough for me to really get an overall experience of the dish. I was still hungry when I was finished, though if they hadn't included two delicious slices of bread with the pasta, I would have been much hungrier. While this left us enough room for dessert, we were less than impressed with the Smoky Milk Chocolate that we shared. The final bill, with a glass of white wine, was just under $85 with a tip. Not cheap by any means. If I wanted to spend some money, I would have gone to Fork, where you at least have the option of slightly cheaper and smaller side portions of their pastas. If I'm paying $23 for an entree, I'd rather pay the extra few dollars for something more substantial. The best part of the meal? The nice hostess giving us complementary cookies from a jar when we left. I'm torn. If this was our first meal at High Street, I would be giving them two stars, if only for the friendly, attentive staff. If we'd never come for dinner, at least four stars. Maybe even five. Perhaps if the quality and quantity of the food matched the prices, as they do at brunch, we might not have felt so cheated. Will we be back? For brunch, maybe lunch, I'm sure. For dinner? I'll be at next door, at Fork.
