I've been going to Miya's since I was 15 years old.  It was, in fact, the first place I ever had sushi.  I was there when the menu was a 55 page novel, I was there when the line for a table would stretch for almost a block, and I was there when chicken, tuna, and salmon were still on the menu.  (Sky is Falling roll, I miss you.) Bun was very different back then, too.  The brilliant owner of Miya's has matured over half a decade since I first stepped through those doors, and his increasingly evolving outlook on life can be seen reflected in his restaurant.  Every time I come back to Connecticut, Miya's is always my first stop.  Each time I come back, Bun's vision of a sustainable sushi restaurant in the face of massive overfishing has taken one step further. Right now, Miya's is in a weird stage of evolution.  I can't say I agree with all of Bun's choices, but if I know him as well as I think I do, I know that he will work tirelessly until his restaurant reaches his vision.  He has all of the tools, and I'm confident in my trust. My recommendation for anybody and everybody who is considering going to Miya's is to go.  Introduce yourself to Bun and ask him about his restaurant and his mission.  Never have I met a man so passionate and motivated about food, fish, and life.  The menu is much smaller now, but don't be scared to jumble a bunch of ingredients together and ask the wonderful chefs to put them together into a roll for you. (I recommend arctic char, asparagus, and brie with havarti cheese and lemon dill sauce on top, that's my go-to). All of the members of the waitstaff are stunningly intelligent young men and women who have aspirations and dreams of their own.  They may not be the most experienced servers in the business, but that is because they're kids who Bun gave an opportunity to.  If Bun hadn't given me that same opportunity all of those years ago, I certainly would not be where I am today.  Take the time to talk to them, they care.  Trust me. (And make sure to say hello to my little brother, he's intelligent beyond comprehension and is making me extremely proud as he carries the family legacy at Miya's forward.) Most of all, stay tuned.  Knowing Bun Lai, his supernatural mad-scientist powers are churning right now and he has something incredible in store. Best, Matt Crockett
