I can't articulate enough how impressed we are with the food at this new establishment. I have found myself craving every dish I have consumed here the moment I have another opportunity to eat. Therefore we ate dinner their last night and then again today for brunch. The food is not the only aspect of this restaurant to gush over, the staff is warm, friendly, attentive and incredibly capable. The atmosphere is inviting and relaxed. The decor accentuates the environment with its reclaimed and repurposed materials. The beauty is in the details and their are so many beautifully executed details that you can feel the hard work and love that was poured into the place by the owners.   The food is the stand out, the executive chef really knows how to put a perfectly composed dish in front of you. The lamb was fork tender, paired with potatoes that were cooked lightly enough to still have the textural integrity needed to complement the silky lamb. The parsnip gnocchi, I prefer to call the parsnip pillows myself. Flawlessly toasted on the outside but light as air when you bite into them. The fried brussel sprouts are a must have, they have an indulgent quality about them that gets you thinking about the last time you ate a vegetable with such enthusiasm. The trout dish was exceptional, I don't often use the words "rich and creamy" to describe a fish dish but this one is the definition of rich and creamy. Peanuts boiled and pureed are the bed that an expertly broiled piece of trout sits a top. The skin of the trout is crisp and the delicate flaky white meat marry's together with the pureed peanuts in a refreshing and inventive take on your familiar seafood entree. The nice thing about the menu here is it's not a huge commitment. They have something that delights any mood or pallet you may be experiencing. The portions are appropriate to the cost which is so appreciated as a diner. You can easily share small plates or have just one entree and leave satiated. The current BYOB option gives you an opportunity to pair the food with what you acknowledge to be your preference in spirits. We have lived in this neighborhood for a number of years and are so pleased to see this new restaurant open in our area. With such quality food and comfortable environment its well on its way to becoming a staple in our daily routine.
