It was twelve o'clock, an early rise considering the previous night's festivities. Our group of three passed Claire's Corner Copia and the guys were confused. Where was this restaurant? I groggily pointed out the unassuming awning on the opposite side of College Street. The boys disinterestedly gazed at the menu posted outside the door as we walked in and...what? Our jaws dropped as we took in vaulted ceilings embellished with detailed filigree and an expanse of beautifully reclaimed wood flooring. Even before trying the food, Roia made a first impression. These guys weren't playing around. The dishes featured on the menu weren't overly sophisticated but exuded the quiet confidence and classicism that the restaurant itself attempts to capture. We ordered some classics: pancakes, bacon, eggs benedict, and uovo al forno (an Italian baked egg dish which features a velvety mushroom cream sauce). I gratefully sipped a robust latte as we all waited for our food. The room was humming with quiet conversation as the three of us looked around, bellies rumbling. The restaurant was almost at full capacity and the service, while warm, could have been more attentive. Still, the food arrived piping hot to the table which is ultimately the point of good service as far as I'm concerned. The pancakes were light with a slight crisp around the edges and were accompanied by a little pitcher of real maple syrup. According to my still comatose friend, the griddled pancakes were good but not twelve dollars good. The benedict came with a duo of nicely poached eggs perched atop two crostini of sourdough bread. While nicely oiled, the bread was slightly over-singed for my companion's discerning pallet (he has a food-blog, cough cough). The hollandaise was well executed but was nothing particularly noteworthy. The portion was petit considering the twelve dollar price tag but the dish did come with some slices of perfectly ripe avocado and all things considering, eggs benedict is typically a more indulgent brunch item.                       The baked eggs, however, were the main attraction of the meal. Roia is the name of the river which runs between the gastronomic wonderlands of France and Italy, the respective parents of Western cuisine. This dish was clearly evocative of these two influences both in its rustic presentation and luscious flavor. The dish was a favorite at the table. My friend with the blog was jealous.   Overall the tab for three came out to about twenty dollars per person which is a pretty heavy blow to any student budget. Nonetheless, this is a charming restaurant with tasty food. Roia provides a dining experience at least on par with restaurants such as Caseus and Union League at about ten dollars less per person.
