I have just returned from an absolutely awful meal at Winberie's in Princeton.  This was a Saturday night, and we arrived at the restaurant around 510pm and it was not at all crowded. Our appetizers were mozzarella sticks, which were good, and an artichoke dip which was mostly dried out mozzarella melted over oily pita chips. Where were the artichokes? For the entrees, my husband ordered the BBQ combo platter and my son ordered the St. Louis style ribs.  Both were completely inedible.  The pulled pork on the platter was basically black and had the burnt taste of something reheated many days over in a crockpot.  The ribs also tasted burnt and had almost an ashy black crust, not a nice crisp finish you would expect.  The fries were stale as well.  We had to send back every main course except the hamburger, and my son is now complaining of stomach pains from the one rib he did eat.  While I understand both pulled pork and ribs need to be cooked in advance, I know the difference between a last-minute crisping and what I now believe is at least 2-day-old reheated food. Moreover, the waitress was completely out of line. While she tried to be pleasant, she was a hovering presence who really did not give us any time to peruse the menus at first.  She stood over us while my husband was trying to choose an appetizer and we basically had to send her away so he could look in peace.  When my son ordered his ribs, he was told he got two sides.  He chose French fries for both and she remarked negatively on that.  She couldn't believe he had FRIED mozzarella sticks and then French fries and remarked that he was "controversial" because he also had a DIET coke.  While I think she meant to say that his menu choices and beverage choice were contrary, I do not need tp hear her opinions about what my 12-year-old eats.  If she is a registered dietitian who is concerned about youth obesity, might I suggest that she find another line of work instead of embarrassing a slender boy who is out for dinner on a Saturday night. The manager did take the price of the two entrees off of the bill, but I still feel we horribly overpaid, having to shell out $41.00 when two diners in our party are basically sick to their stomachs. I have been Winberie's many times over the years but you can bet I will not be returning.
