Geno's was highly recommended to us when our friends heard we were going to visit Philadelphia.  We actually asked a truck driver in the area what he would recommend and his comment was that the lunch wagon parked behind him probably had better sandwiches, but was not as well publicized.  We wanted an adventure, though, so we walked the 15 city blocks from our hotel and went to Geno's.   First, they should tell you that you have to order in a secret language.  If you order a steak sandwich with provolone and onions, the person taking the order rolls his eyes and mutters, "Provolone wit/" then looks back at you as though you're an idiot.   Also, as stated by previous reviewers, the service is rude.  I asked for one sandwich with and one without, received both with, and was given even fouler looks with I had the temerity to actually expect them to fix the mistake.  And then all they did was take the meat off, put different meat on, and hand me back the sandwich with onions all over the roll and melted cheese. But all of that could have been overlooked if the sandwich was one of those eye-rolling, face squinching, wonderfully delicious bits of heaven that we are sometimes lucky enough to consume.  The sandwich was...a sandwich.  No more, no less.  I have made better tasting sandwiches at home.  The meat had very little seasoning (it actually tasted like they boiled the meat with no salt or pepper and definitely no other seasoning).  The roll was nice, but again, it was just a roll.  I was lucky enough to have ordered onions, because that gave the sandwich a little flavor.  Unfortunately, my husband and I had been walking all over Philadelphia all morning and were really hungry.  I ate enough that I was no longer hungry and the rest went into the trash.   I will say that the birch beer was fabulous, but otherwise, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant (diner? shack?).  I did actually think that perhaps we came on a bad day, but after reading the other reviews, I have a feeling that the great tasting sandwich reviews are the exception, rather than the rule.
