I will definitely return to bluebird tavern. I loved the ambiance of the restaurant, it was dimly lit but cozy, uncrowded, and rustic.  I went with my mom and my boyfriend and overall had a good experience. The appetizers were AMAZING. For the table, we all ordered an eggplant flatbread with goat cheese, spiced sausage, ricotta,and fontina. This was phenomenal and I enjoyed it very much. The sausage was rich while the fontina was finely grated on top of the crisp dough. We also ordered the heirloom tomato dish and the mussels with a rich, yummy broth with arugula, tomatoes, garlic, and a delicious grilled bread to sop up the broth with. Speaking of bread, they served us complimentary bread with a pickled carrot sort of topping. The bread was tender and simple and the topping was tangy and crunchy. I thought it was a great, tasty, healthy alternative to butter w/ bread. HOWEVER, our entrées had some problems. My waitress brought all of our entrées out while we were barely half way through our appetizers. Personally, I find this unacceptable. It caused me to set my entrée aside and allow it to become cold. I ordered the n.y. strip steak with foraged mushrooms. The steak was done well as I ordered it medium. It was yummy but the foraged mushroom and mushroom sauce seemed to lack a certain savory quality to them. My mother and my boyfriend both ordered a chicken dish with artichoke hearts, potatoes, and a mustard sauce. Bother of them found the mustard sauce to be overwhelming and it was difficult to arrange the correct "bite" with chicken, artichokes, and very little mustard sauce. I will definitely return with the intent to order only appetizers and drinks. The prices were somewhat unreasonable considering the service we were provided with. I love the food and the concept of the restaurant however, I believe bringing entrées out while we have barely began to eat our appetizers is unacceptable in a pricey restaurant. I recommend this restaurant strongly as it is one of the better ones  I have dined at in Burlington however, the service could have been a lot better.
