With a big smile, big eyes and a full mouth "Good....Good.....really good" are the exact words from my teenager's mouth!  We are big taco eaters....we will make anything and everything into a taco from breakfast, lunch to dinner.  We are from a beach town near AC and frequent Philly often to visit CHOP so we make it fun for our teen by trying fun food...so when this taco joint showed up with a surf, skate and snow theme and tacos....we said...lets try it.  Sounds fun...could be good.  So, we walk up....Volcom artist decorates the wall outside their doors with a rock'n mural.  We visited at Christmas time and there was a Christmas tree outside, cool...yes (more on that later).  First impression was...our kind of place.  We go inside and we strike up a conversation with one of the owners and on of his partners in crime - turns out they both have a very interesting backgrounds, a great attitudes and can make a mean taco with rice and beans.  Not your average joe's for sure.   So this well decorated establishment left us feeling so happy....The décor is so fun...old skate boards make a up a mosaic wall in the bar area - which was stocked with a ton of craft beers and options on tap as well....I tried a Pacifico...loved it.  It was cold & I was thirsty.  Adorning the walls were every kind of picture from Element, Hurley, Volcom, Stussy, K2, Burton, Vans, Sector 9 and Neff - just to name a few.  So the food!!  Really, really, impressed.  The fish tacos were done perfectly.  Wahoo is a meaty but mild white fish.  It was seasoned perfectly blackened/cajun.... a little hint of spice, but not so much that you couldn't get the flavor of the fish.  They get their fish in large filets/loins.  If its frozen I didn't know it and we live in a beach and fishing community and we fish a lot and it tasted fresh to me.  The slaw was fresh and perfect accompaniment and last was a little cilantro.  The only thing I would have like to have offered to me would have been a few slices of avocado oh and I added more lime....bc I love lime.  Other than that, they didn't miss the mark.  The rice was great.  It was seasoned with salt, pepper and parsley.  Which was so different - I loved the parsley.  I will try this at home. Their spiced white pinto beans were not canned beans doctored up.  You could tell that they boiled their own and added their fresh salsa to create spicy white beans.  SOOOOOO GOOOOD!  My son did the "surf and turf (carne asada and fish) and he loved it.  I wish I had tried it but he said it was awesome. And that is saying a lot cuz his momma and aunt are great cheffers!  I also got a side of their homemade guac  - fresh and delish! My son also got the churro chips...they were a slices of heaven.  Everything was really, really done well.   From walking in my first impression was I hope that the décor can match the food, which is the most important part!  OH....and the service...super nice - And polite.  On another interesting note - they have a CHOPPED salad that when ordered, a portion of the proceeds goes to Children's Hospital of Philadelphia...pretty impressive. So they have taken this West Coast franchise and made it personal.  And for the tree, outside....they have coined the phrase....Toys for Tacos!  If you bring in a toy for christmas, you get a taco meal....These guys are really showing the LOVE and bringing things full circle and feeding all the senses!  Do yourself a favor....give it a go.  I will be back in 5 weeks and while I love fish tacos and will try them whenever I have a chance (like when I go to a good Italian place I always have to get veal marsala) I will try something different and report back if I can.  Best of luck to the gang and WAHOO!  You've got a good thing going!!
