AS SIMPLY SAID CONSULTING Restaurant Reviews 1. Name: Rizzuto's Restaurant and Bar 2. Address: 111 Memorial Rd, West Hartford, CT 06107 3. Review Categories: a. Ambiance / Cleanliness: 2.5 /5 b. Food & Drink: 2.5/5 c. Manager Visibility: 3.5/5 d. Product knowledge: 4 /5 e. Service: 2/5 4. Summary:   a. Ambiance / Cleanliness: Floor of this restaurant was not kept up to par. Several pieces  of food and paper were seen on the floor and under tables. The booth upholstery was old and had several prominent stains. On several occasions, staff took more than 5 minutes to clear, clean and prepare tables. Seats set up on the outdoors which gave guest an opportunity to enjoy the sun and fresh air. The bathroom was kept clean and maintained. b. Food & Drink:  Starter - Meatballs Al Forno (melted fresh mozzarella, parmigiano, marinara sauce). Entree - Cavatelli (oak-grilled chicken, basil pesto, roasted tomato, light cream, parmigiano reggiano). Maine Breakfast Croissant - (Lobster-scrambled eggs, Beltane Farm goat cheese, chive hollandaise). Dessert - (Tiramisu). Drink - Lavander Martini. Food temp: Food temperature was good and according to industry standards Preparation: The Cavatelli was well prepared, seasoned and had an  enjoyable balance to the palate.  The main Breakfast Croissant, although delicious and rich in flavor, pieces of lobster shells were found inside the food. The meatballs were cooked medium well, very juicy, and well-seasoned. The Tiramisu was a bit dry, and had a moderate temperature. The Lavender Martini was well mixed and delicious. Presentation: All food was plated properly and the appropriate cutlery was used. Note, however, that water spots were found on the utensils Taste: Overall, the taste of the food was presentable and enjoyable. b. Manager Visibility: The manager was visible and at times assist with the clearing of tables and directing staff to provide guests with water. c. Product knowledge:  The server Henry, was knowledgeable about menu selections and offered many suggestions on what guests may want to eat. d. Service: Greeting: Guests are promptly greeted by the hosted. Seating: Since, reservations was made, there was no wait time for seating. Ordering: We were greeted by our server Henry, who was  knowledgeable about the menu, and offered suggestions. One suggestion, was to try a lemon drop martini with limoncello, of which we agreed to try after the lavender martini. Checking: On several occasions, our server forgot to check on us, and find out if we needed water. We were without water for at least 15 minutes until we asked another server for water. In addition, the server did not offer a 2nd martini as agreed. No coffee or tea was offered with the tiramisu. Paying: There were no issued with paying process. 5. Overall Rating: Rizzuto's received 2.9 stars for lackluster service and cleanliness of the restaurant. 6. Recommendations: Management should conduct a training assessment to see which employees may need to be retrained in hospitality etiquette, ensure that the restaurant surroundings are kept clean and presentable at all times, and ensure that food is of the highest quality and standards before being served. Regards, AS SIMPLY SAID CONSULTING
