Ok eaters, again I would like to share my eating experience I had during my visit in NYC. This time it is about Toms Restaurant in Brooklyn. We (that includes my sister) had our hotel at 45 street and found this place with the help of Yelp. Checking some reviews we decided to go to this place and try out their breakfast. At first we had trouble to find this place as I was looking for a large sign pointing to the desired location. After walking past it and returning one street away we gave up hope and almost ended up somewhere else before we were pushed into the right direction by a local who knew this place. There is no sign pointing to the location but small letters on the window of the restaurant, so if you are searching this place keep your eyes peeled and examine store windows :D As we entered the restaurant we felt teleported back in time to the 70s. The decoration of the store is so sweet and has truly a unique atmosphere. A small chat later with the manager of this place revealed why this place has no large signs outside the store. This place has not changed since it has opened in order to keep the unique atmosphere of the place enjoyed and valued by regular visitors. We dared to visit on a Sunday but since being early birds we found a very nice place for us without waiting. Lucky us because 10 minutes later the place was jam-packed and there was a line waiting for empty tables. What shall I say about the food, I ordered 2 eggs with fries, beef sausage and toast, my sis picked an omelette with grit (yuck). The food was superb i was tempted to lick clean my plate because it was just so good. Being a huge eater I also ordered pancakes afterwards which were very yummy or as Homer would say hmmmm pancakes.... This was our best breakfast place we discovered during our stay in NYC and on our day of departure we had a final breakfast at Toms Restaurant again trying out different dishes and enjoying the food and service. Regarding service, the staff is nice and attentive, free coffee refills as much as you like, they also offer you small treats for free to tickle your taste buds. On our visit Sunday the manager was frequently showing up and checking on guests and their needs and doing some small talk. Prices are fair and reflects the quality of food and service offered. One thing to mention is that one of the staff removed the coffee mug of my sister without replacing it or asking her if she was done with it, although my sister still wanted to drink some coffee. That made her a bit unhappy but we are sure it was just an unrepeated mistake. Nevertheless I would recommend this place to everybody looking for a great breakfast. If you go on a weekday bring plenty of time with you as waiting might be involved in your visit. Thanks for reading Vic
