La Sirene was a wonderful dining experience.  I hesitated, and almost gave it four stars, but because we did not have room for dessert or coffee, I can't comment on these, and thus limited my stars to four. First, let me say that the reviews here are pretty much dead on.  I'll start with ambiance:  A small, dimly lit, understated little place.  Just two little rooms from what we could tell.  Seating is European style, very close.  And though it is quite loud and jovial (and this was a Sunday night!), it still felt incredibly intimate.  Definitely a place to romance someone.  The BYOB wasn't a problem.  They have some sort of setup with a local wine shop.  We called the wine shop, told them our price range and preferred type of wine, and shortly after we arrived, a courier  from the the shop came into the little restaurant and put the bottle on our table.  My husband discreetly paid him, and without delay, our wine was corked and poured by the La Sirene staff.  We saw other couples having their wine delivered this way, and still others bringing their wine with them. Appetizer:  I had the a pear poached in red wine with bleu cheese over top.  Sumptuous, rich, perfect temp.  The best I've had.  My husband had only a salad, but said that it was very good. Entree: My husband had the hangar steak.  He prefers his meat well done, but the young waiter who took our order explained that the best way to enjoy hangar steak was medium, and promised my husband that he wouldn't be disappointed.  That was an understatement.  He sopped up every morsel and claimed it one of the best steaks of his life.  With it was some sort of a squash puree. He said that it, too, was Delicious, but I was so busy with my cassoulet that I never got around to trying anything from his plate. The cassoulet....oh...the cassoulet.  It arrived in a steaming hot crock pot type bowl.  Upon the first luxurious taste, I wanted to roll on the floor, kick my legs in the air like a toddler and say, "Yes!  Yes!"  It was that divine.  A combination of buttery soft cannelini beans, sumptuously rich duck confit with a hint of crunch to certain bites, and delicious sausage.  It does not disappoint. Unfortunately, after a bottle of wine, and the entrees, we could not manage dessert.  While we deeply wanted to try it, we were both stuffed, and to have ordered it would have been pure gluttony. I would come here again, and highly recommend it.  Don't forget cash.  They don't take plastic.
