Perhaps I should preface this review with the confession that I DESPISE Indian food. I was pushed into Masala Grill against my will (I believe that's illegal in 48 states), but begrudgingly agreed to give it a shot (mainly due to the sworn promise of HaloPub for dessert). To be frank, the decor left much to be desired. The sad attempt at "romantic lighting" was an epic fail, and seating next to the windows was met with constant molestation from the shutters. When I ate here, the place was relatively empty (which is fine). However, I did get annoyed when we were seated on the table CLOSEST to the kitchen, whilst all the other 10 tables were free and clear. Maybe they wanted to see my beautiful face. I'll definitely agree with past reviewers on Masala Grill's service. Our waiter wasn't the jolliest guy I've seen. He didn't crack a smile once and seemed inconvenienced whenever we asked him something. Maybe he was having a bad night? We started off with the appetizer sampler; a conglomeration of all sorts of fried items (aloo tikka, samosas, chicken/veggie pakoras, onion/spinach bhaiji). PASS. Save yourself a coronary and pass on this. $15 couldn't justify a pound of fried batter and a measly helping of veggies. Buuuut, my boyfriend did enjoy the samosa (the consistency, the flavor and flaky crust). . . . To each his own. Then for the entrees! As the waiter brought us our food sans a smile, I noticed that the portions looked awfully small. The food was served in authentic Indian-style dishware. Small dishware. I ordered makhani chicken (butter chicken, medium spicy category) and was suprrrrriiiiiiissssssingggllyy impressed! The chicken was tender, juicy and cooked in a peculiar thick, buttery, garlicky sauce. I'd give my entree alone 5 stars (maybe it was because I truly expected the worst). My boyfriend ordered the lamb vindaloo (american-spicy on the Masala Grill spiciness Richter scale), and enjoyed it. He found the lamb a tad too spicy and overcooked, but he did commend its unique flavor and freshness. The naan was great; you could tell that they made it fresh. The rice wasn't anything special - plain white basmati rice with fennel seeds - meh. We ordered Ras Malai for dessert, and I was thoroughly disappointed when the waiter handed us what appeared to be two small previously-frozen imposters of Ras Malai. The texture was grainy and hard; two thumbs down. Overall, my experience at Masala Grill was suprisingly not pitiful, but certainly not the best. Granted it's in Princeton, but Masala Grill's prices are ....pricey. I'd have to compromise a lot just to go back for their butter chicken. PROS: fresh naan, butter chicken CON: service, desserts, rice, appetizers
