Before today I would have been one of the many raving about how great this place is. However, I just got home from this restaurant and I'm appalled at the horrible, unprofessional and disrespectful service my fiance and I received. We ordered two arroz con pollos which we have always ordered when we go there and besides the pollo a la plancha is the plate we recommend to everyone we tell to go there. When we received our plates after taking the first bite we immediately noticed the sour and awkward old taste. It had a strong smell to it that wasn't normal along with a cold piece of chicken which confirmed our suspicions, the food was old! We are not picky eaters and never complain even at the bad service offered by some of the waitstaff there whenever we go. But this time we had to speak up as we love the food in this place and were surprised this food was given to us. Wanting to give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt my fiance discreetly walked to the back and let our waitress know that the food had a foul taste. She became upset and RUDE and let him know that she could do nothing for us and we still had to pay and there would be no refunds or exchanges. We never said we wouldn't pay we just refuse to pay for a foul plate of food that will make us sick and have to pay for the replacement food as well!!! This is UNHEARD OF!!! I then went back there and told her the food did not taste right and was old. She told me she already told my fiance she could do nothing for us. Later she came to my table and told me she spoke to the kitchen and they told her the food was made in the morning and the rice was the only thing changed. Clearly shows the guilt of knowing that the food was old and they knew what they served us was old. My fiance and I then went to the register to pay for the sangria which we only drank half of the pitcher where she told us " Call the cops I am not dealing with this shit" I HAVE NEVER in my life had such horrible customer service. More so than the bad food, the reaction from this waitress was RUDE and UNACCEPTABLE! You work in the service industry and were in the wrong. The food was foul, it was not fresh and she was trying to force us to pay for food that would make us sick ONLY because she was concerned with it coming out of her pocket!! I do not seek anything but merely want to let you know that the waitstaff is rude,inattentive, and offer horrible service that in the end will bring this place down, specifically this blonde rude waitress with the straight shoulder length hair. I wish I knew her name so I could be more specific. Sadly I will never be able to go back to one of my favorite food places. Needless to say that I will tell all my friends, coworkers and family the rotten food and horrible service received.
