Space: very attractive and the designer gets major credit for creating an acoustic environment that is very comfortable despite the hard surfaces. Menu: Misses the mark, I don't see a heavy game menu doing well in Montclair. I found enough to order one time but unless they change it up regularly I can't see this being a regular place to stop in.  Very light on salads and the portions are outrageously small. The prices would be in line if the portions weren't miniscule; they have no concept of "perception of value"; $24 bucks for two forkfulls of tile fish and three slices of beets is crazy.  Are they in a contest with Tinga to see who can be the first restaurant in Montclair with a 90% gross margin??? Name: to each his own but I think it sucks and does not do justice to the terrific space... Food quality is good: it's just the variety and portions that are sub-par Service: Ouch!  If the space is a "10" the service is "coyote ugly".  The bar manager/head bar tender should be fired asap.  When we arrived we ran into 4 friends who had stopped in for a drink and were considering dinner and before we got to the door they said "don't even go in there".  They ordered drinks (and after being told the bar was out of tequilla and out of a mixer for another cocktail they had one round, tried to order another, waited 20 minutes, asked again if they could get a drink and told "there were others ahead of them in line...".   This is for a bar and restuarant that was 1/2 empty.  "we are short a bar tender tonight" was the cry of the hostess as they left but there was a bar tender and bar back and 9 patrons at the bar and if your staff can't handle that, you have the wrong staff. We got stuffed into a table in the corner by the restrooms even though the main floor was 1/2 empty and after protesting we were told everything was reserved.  We wanted to check the place out so we took the crappy table and proceeded to have a tasty but time-consuming 2 hour meal with a completely incompetent trainee.  Meanwhile, all of those "reserved" tables sat empty for the next hour and 1/2. Back to the bar, we ordered a prosecco and they were out of that too? Bottom line, terrific space, quality food but very rough on service/management and value...
