Wow, what a horrible experience. This place does not live up to the hype. I took my wife here for valentine's day. After waiting at the hostess desk for 10 minutes, finally someone acknowledged our existence. We were seated shortly thereafter, but we were given a table right next to this other couple (they were on our right). I would say the tables were no more than 2 feet apart. It's Valentine's Day, so this part I could understand. Another couple to our left were sitting in a great corner space, however when the waitress came by, she claimed she couldn't reach them, apologized, and made us move our table next to the couple to our right. We had to dine with them. Awesome romantic dinner starting out just as I had imagined- dining with complete strangers and trying to hear my wife over their conversation. Back to the dining experience, after 10 minutes, no waitress even showed up to greet us. 15 minutes go by...and a menu was finally dropped off. Our waitress came and we ordered drinks. 5...10...15...20 minutes go by, and we finally receive our drinks. By this time I'm getting frustrated. No acknowledgement of slow service or anything. After the drinks come, our waitress takes our orders. I get the filet and and my wife gets the same, along with two sides and one salad. To make a long story short, the couple to the right of us finishes their meal and takes off in time for us to have another couple sit next to us. In fact we waited so long for our dinner to come out, we sat there long enough to witness the couple to our left order their dinner, get dessert, pay their check, and see a new couple sit down, order appetizers (which were served before my wife's salad) and finish their dinner before we received ours. They were paying their check when our filets came out. To make matters even worse, I had ordered a vodka soda which was served with a bottle of club soda. The waitress took my half bottle of club soda away without even asking me if I was finished with it. Total incompetence. I have never done this before, but I asked to speak to the manager after we finished eating. Typically I wouldn't care, but this is an expensive restaurant and our special night was ruined. I told him that because he was the manager, I wanted to make him aware of the horrible service and bad experience we had just had. Do you want to know his response? "This is Valentine's Day sir, and I can't help if the kitchen may have been slow to bring your food out". There was no admission of guilt, or a feeling that this guy was in any way sympathetic to what had just happened. Needless to say, I will spend the rest of my life telling people about what a horrible place this is. In fact, if you're looking for a great steak and seafood place with the most impeccable service, do yourself a favor and go to J. Gilbert's instead of this dive. The waitstaff and management are equally incompetent at Max Downtown, so save yourself the headache.
