Awful experience. Really, really, unbelievably bad, atrocious and utterly indifferent service. The worst service I experienced since eating in Communist China in the 1980s. I order four items: hiya yako (cold tofu with a sauce), oshinko maki (pickled radish roll) , kampyo maki and kappa maki (cucumber roll). These are all standard dishes. I lived in Japan, they are always, ALWAYS made the exact same way. They are one of the most predictable dishes ever. When they arrived, the kappa maki (the cucumber) had some really awful disgusting plum paste smeared all over the inside of the roll moreover, it was rolled inside out. No idea why for either of these. That it was inside out was not so bad, but the vile plum paste made it inedible. I took one bite and had to spit it out, it was absolutely awful. I wondered what would possess the chef to create such an abomination. The waiter came over and ask "how is everything?" I told him, and asked him to change the cucumber. He said he could not, I asked "well why then did you come over to ask how everything was?" He seemed confused by the question. I called a second waiter over, asked if he could change it as it was terrible and bore no resemblance to the thousands of other cucumber rolls I'd eaten in the past in Japan, Hong Kong, Korea, New York and Los Angeles. He said "ok, i'll see what I can do." He returned to say "the manager says you ordered it, so you can't change it." I explained I ordered cucumber roll, not this abomination, and insisted he change it. The second waiter came over, bleating that if a customer complains, he gets into trouble, etc etc. I asked to speak to the manager. Suddenly, she was not there, although the woman who greeted us at the door seemed suspiciously like the manager. The first waiter returned and said he took it off the bill, he would pay for it himself out of his own pocket. I assured him this was not necessary, and asked him not to do that, but he insisted. I could not believe it, any of it! That they would not consider changing it, that the manager refused to appear to deal with it but send her low-paid waiters to do her bidding, but mainly the sheer indifference, the 'you don't like the horrible version of a classic dish I've served you, tough twinkies!" I advise anyone with even a modest understanding of REAL Japanese cuisine to avoid this place.
