Me and my 2 friends visited Talula's Garden on saturday evening May 29th for a cocktail later in the evening. We were seated at their lovely outdoors bar. This was our first experience. I have been at the place right before they have opened for business and have had a nice tour by their GM and a nice chat with him about the place. I have been working in the industry business for years and was excited to be introduced to what seemed to be a nice new place. Well it was a very big let down. And fortunately not the place itself but their staff (it is time to hire some new people). The bartender that worked the bar that night (a young girl) gave us the rudest, most arrogant and the worst service i have ever experienced. It started from the very beginning when my friend asked for some after diner cocktail suggestions and received the answer 'well why dont you just look at our list' - is that really how you would answer the customer in an upscale restaurant? And it just went downhill from there. I really did not like the flavor of the drink i have ordered and very apologetically asked if she possibly could make me another one. The bartender looked at me pissed, grabbed the cocktail glass and very show offish looking straight into my eyes saying 'oh really' tossed it into the sink. 'what do you want?' . I literally was shocked and was very close to actually telling her who i was and talking to the manager. But i wanted to enjoy my evening with my friends so I just ordered what my friend had and continued our conversations. It surprises me that a nice place like that is not more picky about the staff they hire. There are so many good professionals that are willing to work and give good service. it is the face of the place. i will definitely go back and give it another chance but if i get the same kind of treatment the next time i will not go back, even though it is an extremely nice place. Working in the industry for many years I just know that you never know who will your next customer be and it is your job to make everyones experience so good that they would want to come back.
