Rachel recently helped me plan our daughter and son in law's baby shower, and then catered the affair.  Rachel was incredibly helpful throughout the whole process.  She sat with me and asked about the guests; how many were vegan, how many vegetarian, how many were open to trying new things, and if there was anyone on the guest list that wouldn't go near anything labelled vegan (there were a few).   We planned the menu ,and then revised and adjusted a few times, in order to accomodate the tastes of all involved in the planning.  Rachel provided all of the food, the compostable dishes, cups and flatware, and the iced tea and the lemonade. About a month before the affair, Rachel visited my home, where the shower was being held.  She spent time in the kitchen, looking around the house and the outside aresas, asked questions about how we wanted the space used, and gave very helpful and wise advice about how to set up the house and the yard; where to put the tent, and where to have the buffet table, as well as where to have food placed throughout the areas.   There were a few family members who wanted to bring something; a pasta salad, a fruit salad, and a green salad; this was just fine with Rachel, and she and her staff helped to place and serve these items as well as dessert items that were provided by a friend of my daughter's. Our menu included many of Rachel's yummy speciaties: summer rolls, spring rolls, fig crostini, bruschetta, hearts of palm fritters (many thought they were crabcakes!), quesadilla triangles (my favorites), BLT bites, cashew brie and red pepper hummus.  The buffet included pasta with veggies, barbecue seitan (unbelievably good!), dijon cornmeal crusted tempeh, and caramelized kale.  The tempeh had a few nonvegans saying, "What WAS that- it was delicious; never tasted anything quite so good".  Dessert was mixed fruit tarts; my favorites were the apple cinnamon tarts. Rachel arrived a couple of hours ahead of time with her staff of five additional people.  They politely and effectively took over the kitchen, and from then til the guests arrived throughout the whole day, they managed everthing and made sure that everything went smoothly.  I had made white sangria and red sangria, and Rachel's staff kept the pitchers full, and mingled throughout the guests, making sure everyone had absolutely everything that they wanted.   At the end of the affair, leftovers were neatly packaged for us and the kitchen was spotless.  I was disappointed to see them leave.  My daughter and son in law kept saying that the party was perfect; exactly what they had wanted.  Many guests were asking about Miss Rachel, and I proudly told them exactly where to find her.  I'm lucky; her cafe is only a block and a half from my office!  I and my daughter and my soon to be grandbaby plan to visit Rachel at her cafe quite often! Miss Rachel made our special day absolutely perfect!
