We made the fateful decision of going to this place on a Saturday night. There was not much of a crowd and they could easily find seating for our party of 8. Once we sat down and waited for a while, we observed a number of waiters buzzing by, but no one bothered to stop by our desk. After making some hand signals, one of the waiters stopped by and took our order. He had such a phony American accent that he could not say the names of the dishes correctly (in spite of being Indian). Six in our party got our food fairly soon. For the other two, there were no signs of food coming to our table. After waiting an additional 15 minutes (we're a considerate lot), we inquired about the food to another waiter (because our original waiter never showed up after that). The new guy told us it will be 5 more minutes. We finally got the food 30 minutes after the other 6 got their order. The food itself was kinda bland. Parts of the dosa was not cooked properly, and it tasted like semi-cooked batter.. None of the dosas we ordered were hot or crisp, but felt like they were waiting somewhere. Dosas should be had as fresh as possible, with minimal lag time between the hot plate & your plate. The dosas came with 4 side-dishes: one sambar & 3 types of chutneys. The sambar was okay. Unfortunately, all 3 chutneys (coconut, mint & unknown) were so bland, you could not tell one from the other if you had closed your eyes. Our waiters (both old & new) never bothered to stop by and see how we were doing. We also observed a few other customers were (politely) complaining to the waiters on the quality of service. When it came time to pay the bill, we once again had to wait for a long time as the waiters had by now abandoned us. We were joking among ourselves that the restaurant felt too embarrassed by the quality of food & service they did not want to charge us. After raising our hands & waving for some time, one of the waiters got us the bill. They had already included the gratuity as well. On checking the bill, we found we had been overcharged by $9 for an item we had never ordered. We brought it to the attention of the waiter, and he said he will take care of it while running the credit card. After 2 minutes, he brought us back the credit card receipt without removing the extra charge as he was supposed to. By this time, I was so livid to give him a piece of my mind. With family & friends with me, I did not want to  make an issue out of this and further ruin my evening. I just paid and left. Bottomline: This would definitely rank among the worst dining experiences I have had. From the looks of it, none of the other patrons seemed to have a different experience either.
