The Food: If you want to find a spicy and authentic Korea food, you can choose Koreana. When I arrive at Philadelphia, I have heard this restaurant from my friends for a long time. I went to that restaurant with my roommate on Wednesday. We ordered two bowls of Beef Bokeum Bap, six chicken wings and scamper dumplings. The soup has stir fried rice with beef, mix vegetables and spicy broth. I like bean vermicelli in the soup. It is extremely soft. I think people of any age can try this soup. Your stomach can completely full with big portion. However, we ordered other things because we had two people. The fried chicken wings are a bit greasy. Six chicken wings was too much for us. When I ate the third one, I felt a little sick. However, the sauce with chicken wings are very delicious. The sauce is sweet. When I was taste it at the first time, it gave me a special gustation. You will never regret to taste that sauce. Scamper dumplings can be said golden color, distinct levels, but not brittle broken, but not greasy oil, the Krusty palatability. Actually, I didn't like dumplings. However, after eating scamper dumplings, I found there is another delicacy in this world. I have to say Koreana is the best Korea restaurant to visit. The Service: I arrived at the restaurant about seven o'clock. I didn't know why there so was many people waiting outside the restaurant. You should order the dishes in the front of  reception desk. Maybe it leads to a lot people need to think for a long time or discussing with their friends. To tell the truth, the efficiency of a la carte is really slow. There was many empty table available when I entered the restaurant. However, most people in the queue order at the front desk. It will give other people a feeling that a lot of people are waiting. They can't have dinner in a short time. There are few waiters in Koreana. The waiter at the front desk always listen to you patiently. Other waitress will appear when they serving dishes. No one serve you. You should pour away the water and prepare the sauce by yourself. Remember throwing your dishes after eating! The Atmosphere: The restaurant is a little small. If someone want to pour the water, they must stand carefully because they may hit other people table. However, it looks like soft fragrant. Some dishes picture hanging on the wall. When you look at that pictures to eat, you will feel more appetite. There are some tables not only in the restaurant but also outside the restaurant. Although the space is not big, it can accommodate many people. The restroom is small but clean. By the way, the location of Koreana is not easy to find. You should go to the 38th street, go straight for a short distance and then turn right. A little house can be seen on your right hand.
