I had dinner at Christopher Martins after purchasing a groupon. The groupon was $46 for dinner for two, including two glasses of wine, one appetizer and two entrees. Seemed like a great deal, especially after seeing the normal price for this meal would be around $90. I called to make a reservation for 6:30 and was asked if 6:15 was ok. I said sure, not really minding, but when we got to the restaurant, there wasn't a single guest there. So it seems odd that we couldn't have the time we wanted. No big deal, but odd. I thought maybe there were a ton of reservations for later, but when we left there was only one other table. I looked through the wine list and saw only 3 options for white wine by the glass. I would expect a few more for a fine dining restaurant. I chose a glass of pinot grigio and it was just ok. I really wasn't a fan, which is unusual since I love pinot grigio. My dining companion didn't like it either. My friend asked the server for a wine recommendation based on the meal he chose and the server didn't really know what to suggest. My friend ordered a glass of malbec since it's a favorite of his. He liked it well enough. We had crab cakes as our shared appetizer. They were pretty good. They were actually the only good food item we had. I ordered the grilled duck breast over duck confit risotto and garlic sauteed spinach. I was very excited to have some great duck, but when it came, it was so overcooked I couldn't eat it. I never send food back, so I asked my friend to try it as well and he agreed it was very overcooked, dry and chewy. I explained to the server and asked for a new duck breast. The plate was taken away and eventually returned with a new duck breast cooked just as much. At this point I gave up on the duck I was so excited for and asked if I could choose something else. I ended up with grilled chicken over tortellini tossed in basil pesto with tomatoes. This dish was ok. Nothing was really wrong with it, but it really lacked flavor. At this point, I was just happy that my chicken hadn't been burnt. My friend ordered filet mignon with lobster and shrimp. His steak was great, but the two shrimp and lobster claws that came with it were also overcooked. The service of the restaurant was way below par, especially for fine dining. The server we had didn't seem to know what he was doing. He didn't have anything to say when asked for wine recommendations, didn't check on us soon after our food arrived, so I had to wait quite awhile to send my duck back (both times.) When he brought the second plate of duck, I had no silverware and had to wait 10 minutes for him to come back. Eventually my friend went and found a server to get silverware for me. He never offered us more wine when ours was gone, or removed our empty glasses. I found myself spending most of the time waiting for the waiter to return to either send something back or ask for something that should have already been offered.
