Okay - so opening day of the famed 500 Degrees.  Burgers that were supposedly based on the famous Rouge burgers that can be considered one of the few shining lights in the city of Philadelphia these days.  That and our penchant for flashmobs... I showed up to 500 Degrees with a friend at about 7:30 and was relieved to find that the line was short.  I decided to go with the #5 Combo - that being the 500 burger (cheddar cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and their "special" sauce) done medium-well (Their FAVORITE), fries and my choice of soda for 9.75.  I went with root beer and truffle fries because thats how gangsters roll. The price came to 11.07 which seemed a bit high based on the quick mental calculations of tax that my sweet brain is capable of but I didn't say anything - Indeed the cashier charged me for each item separately which ended up being more than the combo savings. An auspicious start.  My friend was overcharged too by the way - his order was the same as mine except with a milk shake.  He is not a gangster. So I got my root beer and my ticket and made off to an empty spot at a table.  Mind you this place is quite small for the volume of people - there is not much seating and no standing room so if you go during a busy time expect to eat it on the sidewalk while the homeless look on with jealousy fueled rage. I took my first sip of the root beer and realized their machine is off - it was way watered down and barely carbonated.  Hmm...getting a little concerned here.  At this point I'm thinking that this place doesn't really have its act together - which is fine for the first day being open, but if you're charging 11 bucks for a burger and fries I think everything should be spot on. After waiting for about 3 minutes or so our tickets get called and I grab my food and return to my table with my root beer water.  As I unwrap the burger I can see through the paper that this thing is not very big at all.  Its tall yes...but its circumfrence is about the size of a pint glass maybe. Close your eyes....visualize.....Okay let's continue.  I dig into the bag and grab truffle fries - OH YES - they're amazing just like I remember, not even a long draw from the rbw (root beer water) can drown out the immense garlicky truffly flavor of these fries.  They're awesome, gangster approved.  The fries come with 2 dipping sauces, a garlicky mayo and a smokey mayo.  Meh, other places have done dipping sauces better. "But Chris 500 degrees is a burger joint...What about the BURGER?!"   An astute observation. This is a burger joint and inevitably must be judged on the purpose of its existence...the hamburger.   Appearance: The bread is a nice brioche roll - it was a little dry, not the greatest but better than a generic bun.  The tomato did not look very good.  Rather old and judging by the prodding I gave it with my finger...extremely mealy.  It was not juicy and firm like a ripe tomato should be.  Disgusting.  The lettuce...well its green and not much else.  2 VERY SMALL strips of sad looking shriveled overcooked bacon sat upon a small dabbing of cheddar cheese.  The patty is quite small and very greasy looking.  It is NOT a very good looking burger under the hood. The special sauce is.....well I guess pretty special because I can't even see it.  It's not on the burger.  My friend ordered jalapenos on his burger and upon inspection the maestro crafter of artisan burgers in the kitchen thew the peppers on the burger so they were all on one side of his patty in a pile - I'd feel bad for him if he didn't look and took a bite out of that side.  Just really really sloppy amateur work. Judging on appearance this burger is not going to be very good.  My parents told me to not be judgemental so at this point I'm still hoping that I wil be satisfied where it counts....IN MY MOUTH.  So let's have a bite...chomp *Munch Munch Munch Sip of RBW.... *Munch Munch Okay.....Refund Please? For all the hype and the high prices and the chic atmosphere - this burger tasted as bad as it looked...actually thats not true...it didn't taste like anything.   The bun was a little dry, tomato was very mealy and old tasting which is unforgiveable to serve in an eatery, the bacon was overcooked, I could not taste the cheese (probably because there was so little), there was no special sauce and the patty, which was meant to be cooked medium rare, was RAW.  Completely uncooked inside.  The outside was brown and thats it.  It had no salty carmelized flavor that makes a good burger.  I had to douse it in sauces just to make it edible.   In their defense they did go around asking how everything was..I didn't say anything because I'm not confrontational...gangsters settle things with guns not words. I hope these shortcomings are just growing pains and 500 will eventually get its act together.  I like the idea of the place, just not their burgers.  A lot of places in philly do it better.
