I was really disappointed with this restaurant. The reviews here were good and I looked forward to the visit but I found the following: 1. There's really no need for the place not to have a menu. I'll bet the toppings don't vary much from night to night and even if they did change a couple each night, they could put them on the board. This kind of "I'll tell you what's on the menu" premise just seems forced and pretentious.  Especially when they're rattled off (see below). 2. The waitstaff was inattentive and seemed uncomfortable with providing good service,  filling water glasses, getting change, making eye contact. She ticked off the menu like she wanted to get out of there. There were approximately 4 waitresses for about 10 tables and we were having problems getting service. Not acceptable, especially for a place that has 2 menu items. It's not like they have to juggle a lot of varied orders. 3. The pizza crust was soggy, the cheese all flowed to the middle so that you had approximately 2 inches of plain crust on the outside. The crust is the star at these places but mine was slightly burnt. 4. A $27 pie should be made with the best ingredients. Part of the problem with having the kitchen in the area is that you can see what they're actually using.  Bertolli's Olive Oil? You're charging me 25% more for a pizza than elsewhere and cheaping out on the olive oil? Maybe they run down to the Met to buy it so it's convenient. 5.  The wait was less than they told us and they called us with time for us to get over there, so that part was great. It was a Wednesday night. They seemed to handle this efficiently, even with their popularity. Overall, I was surprised by the lack of follow through.  At these prices, the focus should be on the food and service, but the pizza was far from artisanal and the service sub-par. It was really one of those moments where I walked out wondering why people were so sold on this place. The bar for pizza is pretty high in Brooklyn. I walked out of here feeling like I wasted my money, especially with better, cheaper options nearby.
