httFirst of all, I wrote  a response on the website to the Drexel Hill manager and heard nothing back, back in October.  Then I called the corporate office- and was told they would get back to me- that was almost a month ago.  I had never been treated so rudely by a restaurant- and still had to pay $$$ for less than spectacular food. When I walked in to the restaurant, I was greeted by 4 hostesses who let me know the  bar area (bar stools and bar tables) were up for grabs- first come, first serve.  My boyfriend and I sat down and waited to be served.  And waited.  We watched 2 waitresses eat fries behind the bar and watched a bartender, serve one drink and stand there.  My boyfriend finally went up to order drinks and was told to sit down and he would be waited on.  After a few more minutes (about 11 in total) a waitress came up to us and demanded to know who gave us permission to sit in the bar area.  Demanded!  We informed her it was the four hostesses.  She let us know it was not policy for us to freely sit there (never heard of this in any bar area ever).  I did let her know that we were customers and if she had an issue, she should speak with the hostesses and manager to clarify procedure and not reprimand the customers- paying customers.  After we finally got our drinks, I asked how one if the menu items was prepared- and was met with the look of death and an extremely cocky answer. I thought it was hysterical that we got our bill and the waitress basically waited for us to pay. What an absolutely horrible dining experience. This restaurant is not known for terrific food- it gets away with mediocre product because of its reputation for a "good time" and because it is close to the stadiums.  People think it is "cool' to go there.  And because of this, C & P's get to charge way too.  In this era, when restaurants are fighting for customers, this restaurants was basically shoving me back out on the street. A very, very disappointing first and last visit to this restaurant.
