Horrible experience for a first time customer....Poor welcoming wagon. I went on a Saturday evening @ 5PM with a group of six. We were told a one hour wait for a party of 5+. Well, we waited and waited, and parties of 5 that came after us were seated. When we asked and notice our party name was circled and all others  (that came well after us)had been seat the explanation was we had more than 5....that one extra person made a big difference..I think not. after 1 1/2 later I ask the host when could we expect to be seat he told me  ask the young lady at the desk.because he had no control of the list....As I am asking her another group of 5 arrives and the male host/manager states to the man and  his party it will be a hour wait. I said I thought you did not know or had anything to do with the waiting time/list...he just looks at me and walked away. Well at this point I am livid as well as shock that this is "hospitality" at its finest. I proceed to walk back to the cramp wall that I had been pushed to. He walks past and speaks Spanish to another hispanic male...Well, I will say this he was rude, unprofessional and an ass because he ASSumed that I was non spanish speaking. I guess because of my dark skin tone and my American accent....I will say this he was discriminatory/sexist!  RULE: Never assumed anything about someone....this is America that offers cultural diversity! My first thoughts perhaps I should call the Fire Marshall/Chief  to take a trip down Bloomfield Ave...because fire codes of maximum capacity had exceeded enormously....Why take it out on others??? The jerk walks back to me and says "Are you mad"...I look at him and said why would you ask and further its obvious that you are now playing unprofessional not customer oriented games...great business practice. He then says...I will get you seated in 2 mins with a smirk on his face!! Finally after another 15  mins pass and 2 hours later and 4 guest with a party of 5 were seat....we were escorted to our table. I explained that this was very nice treatment for a first time customer. He said were not a fancy place with computers...everything is done as things happen...whatever that meant!...my interpretation as ....he called it.... The dining was dim, the waiter suggested this sweet fake sangaria to mix with our delicious wine..think not! We had to order our appetizers with our food. FOOD- I have had better home cook Spanish cuisine and eaten at several small intimate eateries without the excessively loud music  and the loud birthday chant accompanied with the congo and cow bell players. The congo player even warned " Watch your ears!!" It was just toooo much going on the staff passing  every 2 seconds and the waiter continuously asking  if we needed anything else and would we like containers. OKAY...now we are being rushed! Before, we could even stand up and put our outerwear on...the busyboy is cleaning off the table...as if to say your holding us up.....NEXT!   Perhaps, I would have received a better experience on a different day and/or time...I will just say first time was not a charm!
