Our parting memory of Park Avenue Tavern sums it right up-douche in his 50's w his cronies hanging over the bar while myself and a co worker walk out after lunch shouts out "well it's strange to see women in here"...dude we are not in the 1970's. That ladies, sums the Park Ave tavern right up. I was there for a work event a couple of mths ago downstairs and had a good time, hey free vodka, what could go wrong. So myself and a coworker decided to check it out for a late lunch one day. When we walked in the bartender nearly fell over the bar trying to talk to us, maybe I'm wrong but the hostess that was seating us was doing her job and seating us so please go back to making drinks! It was quite bizzare and we both swore he was drunk. Service was prompt and our server was very sweet and I felt so sorry for her as the place just temmed with obnoxious testosterone, largly in part due to the loud bartender who clearly wanted to be the centre of attention. We got our food and it wasn't bad, the hummus was really good and so was the tomato soup however the mac and cheese was really bland. We had a glass of wine each and had planned on staying and orering entrees but the atmosphere took a dive pretty quickly when douche in his 50's and all his friends walked in. It's kinda crazy how one group of people, who clearly had a bromance going on with the bartender, can change the atmosphere in a room. After all the hugs between douche, his cronies and the bartender were done, the bartender turned around and loudly said to these old men, "look at the two girls over there"..how subtle and classy... the 6 guys decided to turn around and ogle us, it really was so uncomfortable and embarressing...check please. And then they proceeded to watch us get up from our table and conviently all leaned up against the bar and smile at us creepily up and down as we walked out the door..BARTENDER INCLUDED!! Look i'm def not a prude and go to clubs all the time but this was just plain uncomforatble, sexist, creepy and weird, we were both in our office clothes so it's not like we were screaming for attention. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
