The restaurant was very cute inside and the menu had a nice selection of appetizers, and entrees. Service was extremely slow. It took twenty minutes to get a straw for my friend's child, and we finally had to ask another server for one. A coke that we ordered also never came, that took 30 minutes to come. There was more than one server for the entire restaurant, but our server was not attentive to our table, and all of the servers were running around looking flustered. As an appetizer I ordered causas. They were mashed potatoes layered with avocados, and you have a choice of either artichokes, chicken, or crab as a filling. Well never having had Peruvian food I didn't know the mashed potatoes were cold, but that's ok I'm open to eating new things. However,  there was no crabmeat served with our causas. Since things took so long, we were starving and ate it anyway since our server never came back to check on us. And when  I questioned about the crab not being in there I was given a look and I was told she would check on it but that was it. There was no follow through, so I paid 14$ for cold mashed potatoes with spicy mayo decorating the plate. The entrees of lamb shank was excellent. The meat fell off the bone, and this was served with beans and yuca. The flank steak over pasta would have been excellent but both steaks were not cooked as order. They cannot cook medium rare or rare, both were charcoaled. The pasta is extremely cheesy, more like a macaroni and cheese, but it was delicious, so rich you cannot eat in one sitting. The chicken also comes out cold, not warm or hot. The chicken and the lamb are also served with a side you can choose. The portions were generous servings, the sides were small, but you didn't need much bigger since the entrees were so filling. Tres Leches cake you must get. It was one of the best I've ever had. My friend had the chocolate mousse, which is served with various fresh fruits and a unique ice cream that almost has a smoky flavor to it.  The coffee is as strong as mud, I'd avoid it. I had to put the entire pitcher of milk in the decaf and still could not drink it, and I love coffee.
