My first and only experience with Ole Tapas was on Friday the 13th and it was a true nightmare. My friend and I purchased a Groupon deal for the restaurant and mentioned it multiple times when ordering our to-go order on the phone. The hostess clearly did not know the menu well and could hardly give us directions to the restaurant, but that is beside the point. When we arrived at the restaurant we were told the Groupon was only valid for dine-in. The owner came to the front and confirmed this. While we had discussed the Groupon on the phone and been told it was acceptable, we realized it was our responsibility to read the fine print and agreed to sit down. When our server came to the table we let her know we had already ordered what we wanted before, so we just want the same things for dine-in. We expected them to remake our order and serve them to us hot and fresh. Our four plates were brought out a different times over a span of 30minutes and were not warm or fresh. They had literally taken our food out of the to-go boxes and threw them on plates. At this point we were extremely upset at the horrible service and disrespect. We just wanted to leave, however, we had already paid for our Groupon, so we asked for boxes. Our server went back in the kitchen and came out with a bag of to-go containers and a foreboding facial expression. The owner had given her the dirty to-go containers our food had been originally put in. I was livid. We immediately asked to speak with the owner. He came out of the kitchen, but stopped to talk to people on his way over to us, making it clear that he had no care for our concerns about this service. We told him why we were upset and that the service was unacceptable and quite frankly disrespectful. Instead of apologizing, he tried to justify his actions, admitting to giving us the same food and dirty containers! I am disgusted by the experience I had tonight and would never step foot in that place again. I cannot confirm that this was an act of discrimination, but we were the youngest and only African-American customers we saw in the restaurant. The owner was both rude and unapologetic. I am still in disbelief. Worst service I've ever had.
