A colleague, a member of our top brass and I decided to lunch at Antinori. We were seated by the owner who, after offering us a table, came back and reeled of a list of specials with panache, far too many for us to keep track of. All I remembered was something with clams and steaks. Anyway, after speaking about the choices amongst ourselves, when he came back to take our order and saw us dithering he suggested that we have a seafood starter with a bit of everything and steak and veal as our main course. Of course, the bread arrived and was good. What I particularly liked was the fact that unlike most restaurants they had butter knives, which to me epitomizes a great restaurant. Some miscellaneous accompaniments for drinks arrived and were good. They changed our forks and knives after we had had these starters. (I, particularly, hate it when servers put the used forks and knives down on the tablecloth). Then the main seafood starter arrived. There were two clams, each in a different sauce, a giant shrimp in it's own sauce and a calamari. I wish I had taken a photograph because the plate presentation was exquisite. Each item on the starter had been cooked perfectly and was excellent. I thought that I should have made it my main course too. Just as well I didn't. Then they changed our forks and knives again! The veal and a giant T-Bone arrived. The veal was good and might have been great on it's own. However, it paled in comparison to the T-Bone which was fantastic.The server put the T-Bone plate facing away from us and the owner came and corrected the positioning. He proceeded to serve us from the main plate. The steak was cooked to perfection and easily ranked amongst the best steaks I have eaten. Nobody had space for dessert but we decided to have some coffee. By this time the table cloth had lost it's initial pristine look despite the fact that the server had continued to pick up crumbs and debris created during our meal. Rather than letting us drink our coffee on the now grungy tablecloth, they brought a fresh one, rolled it up and then unrolled it onto the old tablecloth making the table look great again! Everything was done with great style and panache and the food was wonderful. Do I plan on going back? Definitely. In fact, I plan to take my family there for my son's birthday next month. Do I recommend this restaurant? Absolutely!
