There has got to be some sanity in the review section. I went to Do or Dine on Valentines Day with my girlfriend, after a long hard day of busting my ass. First thing I asked for was a cup of coffee, and honest to god, the waitress told me "we don't serve beverages here." To put it plainly, I was furious. I don't drink alcohol so there was nothing for me to drink but water. The entire meal, they were playing music I actually like, but playing it ironically(I know that sounds weird but you could tell if you were there), which [pissed me off even more. I ordered steak, and they didn't ask me how I wanted it cooked. When it came, it actually was a delicious flavor, but the meat was tough and chewy(it was supposed to be flank), which frustrated me. And there was no salt anywhere. My girlfriend is a vegetarian, and she basically was presented with a 15$plate of leaves, all arranged very nicely, and flavorful, but vastly insubstantial. The general vibe I got was that the maintenance of their hip atmosphere was far more important than satisfying the customer. Apparently, at Do or Dine, the old addage "the customer is always right" does not apply. If not for the beauty and grace of my date, I would have a. lost my cool and b. had a terrible time. That I had a great dinner was in no way contributed to by the restaurant, service, atmosphere, or food. I will say the appetizers were fantastic, I can't lie. When the check came, I slapped a one hundred dollar bill on top of it and waited about 20 minutes in the emptying restaurant for the waitress to come pick it up, as though they had somehow forgotten me? I don't understand why that took so damn long. So, they get 2 stars, rather than one, for the following reasons. 1. They are competent food-wise. 2. There probably are some people who want to be abused in the way that we were when we went there, who would see it as a validation of their hipsterness. 3.Its not my taste, I guess, but they clearly have got something specific going there and are very accurately achieving it, even though I think it's bullsh*t.
