Remembering Paisano's as a pizzeria with a juke box in the back as a kid growing up in Rutherford back in a day, I wanted to like it when they transitioned into a more upscale, bistro-type eatery and the downtown became a restaurant destination of sorts. Having not been in town for several years when I first visited the new Paisano's, they did not disappoint. Visiting them numerous times the past several years, Paisano's never disappoints, including our last visit a couple weeks ago. Consider it a reliable, go-to dining choice. Deceiving in size from the outside, the restaurant is spacious on the inside, split into two parts and a backyard patio. There is also seating out front. The exterior is well done,  a classic, upscale bistro look and a welcome change from its original storefront.The décor is tasteful, running somewhere in between casual bistro and upscale restaurant and is byob.The wait staff are always on top of taking care of diners wine service.  Pricing lies somewhere in between moderate and pricey, but is good value nonetheless. Pasta is made fresh on premises, or, at least was. They likely still make pasta in-house. Typically, my visits include four or five other people, and everyone comes away happy. There is one waitress there that is on her game and is fantastic-I wish I could remember her name-she is usually there on Saturday nights. Things we ordered multiple times include the Apple & Endive Salad, ($6.95)  stuffed eggplant ($7.95) and Caesar Salad ($6.96) for appetizer /salads. Price is about right for the portion size and quality. Entrees we have enjoyed are Zuppa de Pesce, ($29.95) Linguine with white clam sauce, ($22.95) Chicken Parmesan ($21.95) Branzino, ($27.95) Penne Vodka ($18.95) Grilled Salmon, and other seafood specials. Once again, price is about right for the quality and portion size. Paisano's is not one of those pretentious upscale restaurants that equate small portion size with quality.....and high prices. One of our diners loved the Branzano, another Pear Ravioli. ($20.95). One of our diners thought even the chicken parmesan was outstanding. Tiramisu, chocolate mousse' and creme brulee' are always very good. Like most restaurants, there are occasional glitches: One time, my father had to wait almost 30 minutes for his salad-the restaurant must have run out of greens and ran to the market for romaine lettuce. Another time, I waited 40 minutes for gluten free pasta-and an extra $6 charge- Again, likely prompted a trip to the market. Getting seating you want isn't always greeted with immediate enthusiasm. However, these are manageable bumps in what is usually a positive experience. Paisano's will never be confused with a classic, four star, Wine Spectator restaurant. That being said, Paisano's is steady and reliable and might be a better choice than fading top Italian restaurants in NJ like Scalini Fedeli.
