The restaurant never explicitly or implicitly stated that there was a cancellation fee if a reservation was cancelled, rescheduled, or provided any time frame to cancel without penalty or if a cancellation was made. Needless to say that we had to cancel approximately 2  1/2 hours before our 5:00 pm reservation for Sunday (May 18-2014) or try to reschedule for a different day. Cancellation was made because two seniors in our party, 85 and 79 years old on wheel chairs took ill. A fact which was made known to the Manager, Mr. Justin Bothir who insisted that there was going to be a cancellation fee and that reservation for a later day, Monday was not available. To quote him, Mr. Bothir responded, "no", "no", we are fully booked. My wife then interjected to the phone conversation stating that it was the first time a cancellation fee was mentioned, and that it's not right. Our daughter then called the restaurant back and the manager stated to her that there is nothing he can do, but he later told our daughter after consulting with the owner, Mr. Avi Szapiro he could only give a restaurant credit for the $275 charged to the card for a future dinning. This was in line with our initial suggestion to reschedule for another date and make up the cancellation, even if penalty for cancellation was not relayed to us while the reservation was made, as well as during our 3 subsequent contact with the restaurant after the initial reservation was made. Anyway, my daughter's reaction to the restaurant's offer, was that, it's not fair, that her family came from out of town, and she's graduating leaving town, and that would not work. My wife then got on the phone, to see if she could reschedule for the next day (Monday), as I indicated earlier, but got the same response of "no" "no" that they're fully booked. However, we subsequently learnt from ROIA's website that the restaurant closed on Mondays; so was ROIA fully booked for the next day Monday or closed per ROIA's website? However, later in the day (Sunday May 18) at approximately 3-30pm the manager then called our daughter left a voice mail message that the best he can do is credit back $75 to the card. We were willing to work with the restaurant to honor either the restaurant credit for $275 for a future dining, or more than the $75 or all of the $275 credited back to my credit card. Subsequent calls and messages left for Mr. Bothir or the restaurant owner Mr. Szapiro are not being returned nor has any credit back to the credit card been made. I was left with no choice but to file a dispute for the unauthorized charge with my credit card services, and would go to small claims court if a positive resolution does not result from the disputed claims. It's a matter of fairness and having an "explicit policy stating the penalties, if any, for cancellation of reservations" which was nonexistent in our case at all times, but surreptitiously  became so only when we called to cancel or reschedule. Dining at SOULE DE CUBA (Friday), PACIFICO (Saturday), RUDY'S (Tuesday lunch), and especially ROIA's replacement and the highlight of all, from the 19th floor breathtaking view, cuisine to service; the JOHN DAVENPORTS at the Omni rescued our Negative Management experience with the ROIA.
