First off let me just say that I was a frequent Paesano's customer until I found out about the wondrous, more delicious, and MUCH more for your money at a cheaper price sandwich at Shank's Original Pier 40 (Menu:  shanksoriginal.com/menu.…) If you like the type of sandwich that Paesano's has to offer for $8, you can get the same quality but taster sandwich at Shank's. Not only do they have more of a selection than Paesano's (including more side options) there customer service is MUCH more professional than Paesano's on Girard Ave EVER has been anytime I have eaten there.   I stopped into Paesano's after a long hiatus last Thursday with my boyfriend to get a quick bite to eat.  After my experience there this time I will no longer step foot into a Paesano's ever again.  My boyfriend lost his appetite before he even got a chance to order and I lost my appetite after my order was already made and had to hold myself back from throwing my sloppily made sandwich right into the manager's face, since I felt like I wanted to throw up before I even took my first bite.  The problem was not the sandwich, the ingredients were good and it tasted fine.  I already knew what to expect from the sandwich and the food, that is why I decided to stop there in the first place. First off, before we even ordered, the manager made sure to let us know that we were the LAST customers of the day, even though it was 6:50 and they close at 7pm and there were was someone else who had just ordered a sandwich.  I have worked in the restaurant industry for over 10 years so I know how annoying it can be to serve people up into closing time but I have never been so rude to a potential customer that wants something that will not take long to make and can be taken to go. Then, after I ordered and another guy ordered right after, the employee asked my boyfriend if he could make him up something really quick to which the manager responded half jokingly that they were closed and he could order something and get it when they opened tomorrow.  And that is how my boyfriend lost his appetite. I lost my appetite since while listening to a deafening bantering of "joking" between the manager and the employee making the sandwiches.  The employee started out acting as he was a repressed black person that was happy to have a job even though the boss didn't treat him right.   Obviously, they were both joking around with each other but continued this role playing for at least a couple minutes (after which I tried to tune them out by reading a paper while I waited for my sandwich to be made).  I am not an African- American but I was still offended by this banter.  There were a couple African-Americans that were eating at the counter and they thought that it was amusing but that still did not make me comfortable with the jokes being thrown around.   As soon as I got my sandwich, I went outside to eat at the outside tables but still had to be subjected to the very loud laughter and very animated conversation between the manager and employee as they were cleaning up for the night.  We heard everything from the continued banter/joking with a lot of fowl language between both of them, to the story the manager manage to share with everyone on his experience while taking mushrooms, and after a Latin couple stopped in and left, the blatant ignorance of  the manager saying, "I don't speak Mexican!" followed by loud laughter from everyone inside. This incident made me really question as I was finishing up my sandwich, do I really want to live in a city where such ignorance is so accepted and even expected?  I know this is a little extreme and an isolated incident.  After sleeping on it, I know there are many reasons I love this city and that is why I still live here.  But that is the perspective I was in after this horrendous customer experience!  I wish I could give zero stars!
