APPARENTLY, MANNY THE MANAGER DID NOT GET THE MEMO THAT I DID NOT ORDER HEPATITIS A WITH MY DINNER. Just spoke on the phone with Manny, the so-called-manager with absolutely no people skills. Did not apologize to me at all, and was very arrogant and defensive. This is a nightmare -  I ate at Alta during the contaminated period and Manny (who should be fired along with the pastry chef) said there was nothing that he could do about it in a highly condescending tone. Alta used to be one of my favorite restaurants - the least they could do is be apologetic and offer refunds. Update - April 7 at 1:42 Just got this private message from Alta's manager. Thanks for wasting your time and mine for telling me what I already know VIA the press, not addressing the rudeness and unprofessionalism I experienced over the phone, and thank you for NOT APOLOGIZING again. This is completely infuriating. "Alta restaurant would like our customers to know that the restaurant has been certified by the NYC Department of Health as being free of any health risks.  It is completely safe to eat at Alta. We regard the health and safety of our customers and employees with the upmost seriousness.  The standards of cleanliness in food preparation that have always been maintained at Alta are in full compliance with the Department of Health regulations.  Alta holds a NYC DOH food sanitation grade of A. The incident of Hepatitis A was isolated to 1 part time employee in the pastry department which is physically isolated from the other food preparation area in the restaurant.  The employee has not been on the premises since April 1st.  During the period specified in the DOH advisory, March 23rd to April 2nd, the employee worked only 3 of those days.  As soon as we became aware of the incident all food items that could have possibly been in contact with the employee were immediately discarded. We do advise in accordance with the DOH advisory that any patron who had dessert on the days in question should get a free vaccination solely as a precautionary measure.  Beyond the individual infection, the DOH has not determined any evidence of any contamination whatsoever."
