New reviewer to Yelp, not new to New York.  I'm all over this place, Chef Shane Lyons is serving it up 2 weeks into opening and it is simply fantastic.  Let's start with the space.  I arrived casual and saw the collared shirts in the windows, I was apprehensive but once I opened the door I was greeted warmly by the host and hostess but what drew my immediate attention was the gorgeous vaulted ceiling, open air space, and central main floor seating.  I want to say POSH, it's got that hard granite black wood modern feel.  The reason why I want to say POSH, but won't, is due to the staff.  I was prepared to be underwhelmed, almost as if I shouldn't be here dressed in shorts and a t-shirt.  I was wrong, nothing of this place screamed 'you don't belong', in fact it was quite the opposite.  I stopped by the bar to grab a drink first and scope out the scene.  The bar, gorgeous! The food:   Wings: they were perfectly crisp with a tad bit of sauce.  I did feel like there was a bit too much sauce on them but who can say no to some good finger licking stickiness? Raw Bar Oysters: summer time, bring them on.  This isn't your average dollar oyster raw bar, the blue point staple and 2 other variations.  As stated by another review, fresh! Onion Rings: different crisp overall just a different take on onion rings.  Wasn't a full on fan but nonetheless a decent offering to have something familiar just a different take on it. Meads: gave two of them a go, although I appreciate the mixologist approach to serving up a very on point seasonal type of beverage, I found myself wondering if I could just order a simple kettle/club, they didn't have that option just a wide array of choice beverages that the bar was offering.  I found the specialty cocktail refreshing and light, perfect for the season a head. My overall conclusion is to watch this restaurant, not only for the food, but for the space.  The corner lot seems to afford outdoor seating which is situated directly across the street from the 1 train looking off into the expected 'TriBeca' square/park feel.  Brunch should be expected at this place and I fear it will do very very well.  Fear because like most NYer's, we hate long lines.  I'd get it in before the getting gets too good!   I find myself returning here to try many things, specifically the burger and the desserts.  I can see the space being utilized for corporate events as well, I'd venture to say this restaurant, with the food, space, beverage selection, staff, and location will become a major staple in TriBeca.
