First to clarify the reason for only 4 stars was because of a burger I bought recently.  Poutine (sorry, spelling).  It was bragged up as excellent burger, it sounded mouth watering, so I decided I would try it.   If you compared it to other places that serve same thing or similar, it wouldn't have made the cut.   It was suppose to be medium/well done (basically a small amount of pink, to almost done),with the combination of the cheese curds, fries and gravy on top. It had all that, except I couldn't taste any of the toppings because the burger and bun were so charred (black and over done), that all you could taste was the a burned flavor.  Unfortunately I didn't see this until after I got home. Kudos for the store and other things made in the store!!!  96 percent of the food I have gotten from there is excellent.  There is a warm Ruben, sauerkraut , cheese between toasted bread.  Awesome sandwich and well worth the price.  It was like similar to having a stuff grilled cheese sandwich.  There was plenty of meat, cheese, sauerkraut, and sauce to make a wonderful filling sandwich.  Something you would enjoy on a snowy cold night with a cup of soup, except you might not have room for the soup. New England Salad (lettuce, cheese, turkey, cranberries, walnuts with a maple balsamic Vinaigrette.  The is an awesome combination and delicious.  Size of the salad is just right and filled with enough of the ingredients so that you get to taste something good in every bite. The staff are very pleasant, and I am very happy that the store is available and they have a nice variety of reasonably priced products for a small store.  The staff are very accommodating.  I once asked about having a small variety(2) of diet sodas other than diet coke.  There are now two other diet soda products. Good Work City Falls Market, it is great  to have you close by.  Only suggestion I have is to monitor the quality of burgers coming out the window.  The burger wasn't a pleasant experience, but I bet done the way described, it would have been excellent. Lauren
