The most unprofessional bar staff ever!  Stopped at the new Maggy McFly's in Glastonbury for a salad and a drink at the bar -- it was a journey from incredibly horrible service, poor sanitation process and a level of unprofessionalism that is appalling.  Our experience began with a bartender who seeming could not understand that when someone tells him that they are allergic to, its OK to sneak in a pinch anyway as the customer will never notice.  I was very clear (as I have to be) that I am dangerously allergic to horseradish and that I wanted a tomato juice, with citron vodka, lemon, lime & celery -- NO SPICE WHATSOEVER.  I watched in disbelief as he made the drink to my order and then filled the remaining 1/4 of the glass with Bloody Mary mix.  When I questioned him, he looked at me like I had two heads and then tried to use the same glass to make another drink and I had to insist that he make a drink in a fresh glass.   We ordered dinner salads and had to ask for table setups twice.  I ordered sashimi style tuna and asked once again that the wasabi dressing be left off my salad and that the staff we cautious not to cross contaminate it with any wasabi - again the horseradish allergy.  My salad was delivered with the aforementioned wasabi dressing on the side, which the bartender threw in the trash and delivered the order hoping I would not notice.  He was very  annoyed that I asked that it be remade due to potential contamination.  And then it got worse . . . The bar staff proceeded to bring all the dirty ketchup bottles and place them right in front of us so they could wipe the lids and rims with a bar rag for our enjoyment.  They were all chatting and proceeded to splash us both with dirty water until we asked that they stop.  The staff also continually threw the dregs of drinks into the sink for our enjoyment and continued to put all the dirty barware in front of us while we ate.  Never once did anyone ask if we wanted another drink (REALLY???) or check to see if our meals were OK.  They were too busy chatting each other up and checking their cell phones .   We also observed that they were rinsing (not washing) and reusing cocktail shakers.  With this year's flu at epidemic proportions, this is a frightening practice.  They offer drinks with light up ice cubes, talk about an opportunity to make someone sick if these are reused and not properly washed.  If this is how the bar is run, I would be frightened to see the condition and practices in the kitchen. We could not get out of here quick enough and would not return unless their is a major change in their sanitary practices and training of the staff.   Between the sanitation issues and the potential to be sent to the hospital with a sever allergy reaction (potentially life threatenting), its just not worth it.
