WISH I COULD GIVE 0 STAR! WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. FIRST TIME WRITING REVIEW. HAVE TO LET PEOPLE KNOW! I ordered pick-ups a couple of times from this place. For at least 3 times, I get home ready to eat, only to find that they didn't give me rice, or soup, or something else I ordered. I didn't complain to them at first because I thought it was an honest mistake. The last time they did this, I called them and explained the situation. They were extremely RUDE!!!! They told me if wanted the food, I had to come back to the restaurant and pick it up myself. I had an interview right after so I can't go back. And why the hell should I pay for their mistakes? I told them that I thought it was their mistake so they should deliver the food to my apartment, but they refused to do so and literally LAUGHED AT me and used all sorts of SARCASM when I try to reason with them. I don't even care about the food anymore. I got soooo angry and insisted that they deliver. They finally agreed to deliver the food. Now that I think about it, making them deliver is really not a good idea. Because when the delivery guy came to my apartment, I was in the middle of the phone job interview. They kept calling me and ringing my door bell and I had to come downstairs to get the food. The delivery person gave me a harsh look and didn't even say a word to me. Who dares to eat this food? I feel like they are one of the places that try to secretly take advantage of you. If you don't have the time to complain and argue with them, they get their way; most of the time we just don't have the time and energy to make the complaint and be angry with things like this. If they secretly steal some rice or soup from customers, and have such bad service (and kind of proud of it actually, with all the laughter, sarcasm, etc), who knows what else they are willing to do in order to make a profit? If you feel like you don't need this kind of crap in life, stay away from this restaurant. If there's no way to get around it, when you order pick-up, make sure you check your bags before you leave the restaurant that they actually put everything you paid for in the bag. Finally, don't try to call and complain if you don't want to get a heart attack
