I would have to pretty much agree with Scott and Matt, except I would give Geno's a much lower rating than "Meh, I've experienced better." I realize that this is a long review, but I highly suggest you read what I have to say. I have heard so many amazing things about Philadelphia's legendary cheese steak sandwiches, and was looking really forward to trying one for myself. I only had two days in Philadelphia, and ate my first Philly lunch at Tommy DiNic's in the Reading Terminal Market. I naturally wanted some cheese steak before I left, so instead of doing a cheese steak "challenge", I blindly chose Geno's over Pat's or Tony Luke's. Needless to say, I have quite a few complaints. 1) Hidden racism. Though I am of Asian descent, I am still an American, so I feel like I deserve to be treated like an American. Immediately, I saw a sign on one of Geno's windows that said something along the lines of "You are in America. Please order in English." My first thought: Really? Did you expect me to order in Korean? How about some Japanese? Hell, why not Mongolian? 2) Quality of service. Definitely the worst part of this restaurant. The guy working there was alright, but the woman was nothing short of a witch. Again, the fact that my family is Asian sort of plays into this. As soon as we walked up to the register, they rolled their eyes and kept staring us down while we were deciding what to order. There was no line, there was nobody else waiting to order... Then, when my dad ordered, there was no question of "What cheese would you like?" or "Would that be all?" Not even a "Thank you" when we paid. 3) The food. What we ordered was definitely not worth the about $30 we spent. By far the most disappointing sandwich I have ever had. It was bland, terrible, and have I mentioned disappointing? Pretty sure I could've gotten much better food for less money... 4) The end. As disappointed as I was, I couldn't finish my cheese steak and fries. It was an easy task wrapping up my sandwich in the paper it came in, but the cup holding the fries didn't have a lid. "Excuse me, can I get a lid for this?" I asked politely. The woman working the joint practically belched out, "WE DON'T HAVE LIDS!" Startled, I jumped back a bit and bumped into a Philly native. The woman proceeded to give me a piece of wax paper to cover the cup. In the meantime, I apologized to the man I ran into. "Sorry, sir, I was just startled by her attitude." I snatched the wax paper she begrudgingly held out to me and turned to my car. "YOU WANT A BAG?" I ignored her and left. For those of you who thought "TL;DR", just save your money and don't go to Geno's. If you do go, hope you're prepared for regret. Pretty much sums that up.
