I'd agree with all the one-star reviews on Yelp. I used to love going to this restaurant with my mother when she was in town. I went there last Sunday night. First of all, the hostess (same one that has been there for many years) and a guest were at the front counter arguing. When you're in the service industry, you always try to appease the customer and make good on the mistake. The hostess did no such thing. She just kept talking down to him and at many times raised her voice or rolled her eyes in front of him. I felt so bad for the guest. This was just the beginning and pretty much set the tone for entire meal. The restaurant was 3/4 empty but the server decided to seat us in a two table right in the middle of the restaurant so we could still hear and see the hostess arguing and everytime a server or guest walked by (which was every 10 seconds), I got bumped in the shoulder and arms at least 4 times during our one hour meal. I'm pretty petite girl so imagine what my guy friend was doing. He couldn't sit comfortably at all. I asked the server if we could move to a better spot (I pointed to a 2-person table against the wall) since there were so many tables open. He asked another server and the server simply said "No" in Spanish. Thinking that we didn't understand, he made up some excuse about how the tables were reserved. Funny because I pointed to the sign that said they don't take any reservations. He ignored me and just walked away. Two minutes later, the same server sat two people at the same table I pointed to. The food has definitely gone down hill since the last time I ate there. The restaurant was empty yet the server rushed us along on our meal. Didn't even let us enjoy our meal. The server kept coming and asking if we were done with our plates even though we said we needed more time every time.  This isn't a fast food restaurant but I would have been better off eating at McDonalds. I don't care if their prices are decent. It doesn't make up for the fact that the whole dining experience at this establishment is beyond bad. If I could, I'd give them negatives stars on Yelp. Needless to say, Il Corallo Trattoria has lost my business FOREVER. My mom is coming into town in a few weeks and we're bringing our business elsewhere. There are better places in the city to go for good cheap italian food with great service and atmosphere.
