I will never go back to this bar. After previously hanging out at this bar and having a few good bourbon drinks that included drinks made with egg whites that were really great, we went back hoping for a repeat. When we asked the bartender about the egg white specialty drink he said they no longer served it so we ordered a Manhattan and Old Fashioned. The Manhattan was decent but the Old Fashioned was too sweet so I went up and exchanged it for a Macallan 12 on the rocks. When I got the bill the bartender had charged me for all three drinks even though I had only taken a sip of the Old Fashioned and he never mentioned he would charge me if I returned it. When I confronted the bartender about this he said the policy was that if they made the drink "right" the customer had to pay no matter what. We argued a bit but eventually I just said in all my years I had never experienced this type of policy. The bartender even asked would I have to pay for a steak I return in a fancy restaurant, to which I replied if I order a steak that comes out not to my linking if I am paying for it I better be allowed to take it home or give it to a homeless person, but I certainly am not paying for it if they take it back without saying anything and allow me to exchange it. Bottom line is I still tipped him appropriately on the two drink bill ( $6 on $24), but with the additional drink the bill ended up being $40 total for 3 drinks of which we only had two. I then called when we got home and it ended up that the bartender was the manager and OWNER! I have to say I will never go back here because this guy is clueless. If I am paying $12 freakin dollars a drink and I return it almost untouched because I think it is too sweet then it is crazy to charge for the drink without telling the patron you will do so. I have never had to argue like I did in this bar and have worked in the service industry myself and have never heard of such a policy. We will never go back here because the drinks are just OK and the prices are really high, especially if they do not honor the opinion of those paying and exchange a drink when a customer is unhappy.
