This is the first review I have ever written but this was appallingly bad. Other reviewers seem to have had a better experience. Our waitress seemed to mean well but she seemed to be confused as to her role. She kept nervously talking - e.g. about how to refer to my lactose intolerance / food issues - and made many unappetizing transitions, e.g., "would you like to wash the rest of your food down with some more coffee?". All of this could have ultimately been remembered as endearing if the food had been at all enjoyable. Let's break it down: "Medium" cheeseburger: very overcooked, bun actually hard, greens old and wilted. Fries: barely warm and limp. "Over easy" eggs: yolk cooked through Bacon: forgot to add it to my order but was able to appear with it seconds later. It was barely warm and hard/chewy, tasteless. Seemed to have been baked in the morning and left on a warmer. We were so hungry by this time - it was 11am and we hadn't eaten yet - that we kept eating (though neither of us finished, which is unheard of). But we wanted to comment on it to the waitress as soon as possible. Yet despite my continually looking in her direction, our waitress did not come by until the end of our meal (to ask if we wanted to "wash it down" with more coffee). When we informed her of our less than satisfactory experience, she did not apologize. She stood there for about a full minute saying "hmmm" and "help is on the way in the form of a new chef". Then she left us sitting, plates cleared, for 5-10 minutes only to come back, say "hmm" a few more times then mumble that she wished her GM were around to help her. At that point my boyfriend just asked her to bring the check. She returned and, despite the fact that I was the only one at the table, left it on his side far from me. I scooted over and put my card in it (we were honestly surprised to be charged full price). When she brought it back she handed it to my boyfriend, he handed it to me, and she said, "Oh sorry! It's against my etiquette to hand checks to the woman." At that point I signed the check and we just left.
