Club review. I've been a long-time Rho-goer. Maybe not as long as other people, but I've been going there almost religiously every Thursday night. Service is pretty good when ordering drinks. They do well for the volume of people coming in. I've actually befriended some of the bartenders and they always make my drinks a little bit stronger. The ratio of guys to girls is also great, normally the ratio not being in favor of the dudes. The DJ is good, but if you're a regular like me, be prepared to hear the same songs week in and week out. Their set gets stale after awhile. When it comes to the good, that's it. Bouncers/security are nightmares. They will kick you out for the stupidest shit and they're all on power trips. One night, they didn't have the heaters and fire places lit outside, so I stepped back into the main lobby area to ask if I could get my coat. The bouncer inside gave a smart-ass answer, and yet didn't really answer my question. So I figured I'd ask the doorman. I popped my head out and asked if it was possible to run and get my jacket. No he says. Then the guy inside comes outside and starts going off how I had also asked him. I tried to explain he didn't really give a straight answer and was, really, just acting like a straight-up a-hole. So the guy outside grabs me by my arm, pulls me past the the people trying to get inside, and tells me to have a good night. I stand there, look at my friends, who are just as shocked as I am. I go back up and ask why the hell I was kicked out. His answer? Because. Literally. He just said "Because." So I start demanding my money back. Asshole laughs and says there's no way I'm getting my money back. After a long verbal altercation, they ban me for a year. Long story short, I walked away from this hell-hole cursing the bouncers out for the triviality of it all. The owner was standing right outside and didn't say anything either. How do you treat your customers like that? Especially when you're a regular and even the bartenders and shot-girls know who you are? I'll admit I said some vulgar things to the bouncers, but this was AFTER the fact when I was already walking back to my car. They even kicked my friend out for...well...being my friend. I still find it to be absolutely incredulous. That's not the only bad experience I've had with the bouncers. They will push/shoulder you out of the way to get where they need to go. Yes, I understand sometimes people are starting fights and they need to tail it to the fight area, but half the time these guys have nowhere to be. They've been known to stalk people, including my friends. They will literally follow you EVERYWHERE you go. Even my one friend who used to be a bouncer said he was being followed the first time he went there as a customer. They have Marlboro employees there giving away $1 packs of cigarettes. Sometimes you can win a lighter, sunglasses, whatever. One time I won sunglasses. I went to the dance floor and put them on top of my head. A bouncer literally pushed his way through the middle of the dance floor where I was, past a hundred people or so, to tell me to take them off. Like... really? You don't have something better to do. I've even seen my own friends and people who aren't my friends be talked down to and disrespectfully by the security staff. There is just a limit on how badly you can treat your patrons. Save yourself the money and don't go here unless you're walking a straight line. You'll probably be kicked out for chewing gum the wrong way.
