I was very happy when Matthews's re-opened. We had been long-time patrons of the former establishment at this location. We certainly have not been disappointed in the new restaurant. The restaurant was given a cosmetic overhaul that hits the mark--clean, classy and understatedly elegant with dark wood floors, modern light fixtures and rich wood and granite in the bar.  I hate bright restaurants and Matthews creates a cozy, romantic and sophisticated atmosphere. The restaurant took many of the classic Italian favorites of the prior establishment, including AMAZING pasta selections such as homemade rigatoni with meat sauce (touched with a hint of cream--DELICIOUS) and linguini with fresh little neck clams, and balanced these traditional selections with creative daily specials and new additions to the menu, including great steaks --my favorite being the perfectly seasoned hanger steak over broccoli rabe. One area where Matthews really "gets it right" is using the daily specials to showcase the creativity of the chef and the availability of fresh ingredients. Some of the specials we've enjoyed have included buccatini with braised chicken in a plum tomato sauce with a touch of ricotta--superb, seared asian tuna over greens--perfectly seared rare sashimi grade tuna to rival the best seafood houses, and fresh fettucini with crumbled sausage and gorganzola cream sauce--the sauce was delicately flavored with the pungent cheese but not overpowered by it, and the sausage was fragrant witrh the delicate scent of fresh fennel and was perfectly crisped. The homemade desserts are lovely as well--we love the chocolate bread pudding and the Italian cheesecake. When available, the strawberry short cake is a classic preparation with fresh berries, buttery pound cake and just enough fresh whipped cream. The down side? Well, they have become very popular, so we may encounter a wait on busy nights such as Fridays and Saturdays. But we find the staff at Matthews to be very friendly and professional and don;t mind hanging out at the bar and enjoying a cocktail or two before being seated. They are also very accomodating--one night when particulary busy, we were served dinner right at the bar and had a great time!  I feel this place is worth the wait. They offer something to please every palate, will honor any special request you ask of the kitchen, and have been extremely consistent in their preparations. The staff is friendly and personable but not gratuitous. I have also been to Matthews for lunch a couple of times--they offer great paninis and a nice selection of soups and  salads, as well as some popular main courses from the dinner menu. A great value and a great place to bring colleagues or clients for an understated yet elegant lunch experience. For both lunch and dinner, we find the prices at Matthews to be extremely reasonable, epsecially for the amount and quality you receive. My husband and I are fortunate enought to have eaten out all over the Essex-Passaic-Bergen County area and we love Matthews, and have chosen this establishment over rmany others. We are lucky to live so close--I may never cook again.
