My girlfriend and I went to Thai Ping one Friday night to try out the place because it had good reviews. The menu looked promising at first, and the Thai Coffee wasn't too bad. But unfortunately the rest of the meal was a disappointment. I had ordered Kang Karee (Yellow Curry), but the restaurant only served 1 cup worth of rice, clearly not enough to eat with the curry dish. I had to order a second bowl of rice at extra cost to have even barely enough rice to eat with the dish. The main issue I had with the restaurant was them trying to sell sub-par food at higher end prices and then lying about what the food actually was. My girlfriend had ordered Bamee Lard Na (Egg noodles with beef). First, the beef had a rough texture and off taste as though it had been cooked before and been re-heated. But what really annoyed us is that they served us RAMEN instead of egg noodles. Egg noodles and ramen taste completely different. Egg noodles are chewy, even when slightly overcooked, while ramen is soft and is easy to chew. To make it even more obvious, parts of the ramen were still stuck together in the standard packed ramen zig zag pattern. My girlfriend asked the waitress if the noodles were egg noodles or ramen, and at first the waitress said they were egg noodles. We late asked for the waitress to bring out some egg noodles, but she stated that she couldn't bring raw ingredients out into the dining area, and that there were no more egg noodles. Apparently they get egg noodles delivered fresh every day. So rather than bother the waitress, we went to go talk to the woman in charge. She insisted that the egg noodles were delivered fresh from Chinatown every day, and that the package was labeled "Egg Noodles". My girlfriend has eaten egg noodles over the course of her whole life, so she was definitely qualified to tell the difference. Yet the manager insisted that the Chinese egg noodles that my girlfriend grew up on were different from typical Thai egg noodles. Yet, we have tried egg noodles at Thai restaurants before, and there is no practical difference in between Chinese and Thai egg noodles. It was sad that the manager continued to insist that the ramen was actually egg noodles. How ignorant did she think we were? If they didn't have egg noodles, all they needed to do was come back to the table was to come back to the table, tell us that they were out, and allowed us to pick a different dish. I know a lot of people might not be worried about food being authentic or not, and I can understand that. But authenticity wasn't the issue- it was that we were served reheated scraps of beef and cruddy noodles instead of freshly stir fried pieces of beef and noodles that were hand-made earlier that day. I do not know how authentic the dishes at different Thai restaurants might be. However, I konw there are Thai restaurants out there that are honest and actually concerned about serving quality food. I would give this restaurant a miss.
