OK, I thought there are no good steakhouses in NJ...I was wrong, we finally found one: Rare in Little Falls, about 20 minutes from us. It's in the middle of nowhere but I will travel for great food, I don't care. We started with drinks as our friends arrived. The menu was large so I had a tough time deciding.  After we ordered, I asked for the lights to be turned down a bit because they were really too bright; I like darker, more ambient lighting when I dine. After a moment the staff complied. We started with the wedge, a special shrimp appetizer (which we love) and the crab cake. The sauces and dressings were really delicious! I went with Dover Sole, a classic dish you can rarely get at a restaurant. They filleted it for me with a nice light sauce, and I ordered a side of greens to go with it. Yum. My friends had rack of lamb, cowboy steak and lasagna. The lamb dish consisted of 4 chops, potatoes and greens. The lamb was cooked and seasoned very well.  We order all the meats medium rare, but the cowboy arrived medium. The flavor was great, but just a bit too well done for my palate. My friend was fine with it. Lasagna was good but needed more sauce, and fresh ricotta. They suggested a few sides, so out came the fries and mac and cheese. Both were good. I would scale back on the butter for the mac and cheese. I mean I love butter but it was loaded with it. Fries were a standout dish...we're so used to the standard but these were terrific. We ordered one dessert and some homemade gelato since we were so stuffed. The apple pie was pretty good--acceptable but I have had better. Gelato was the one to choose here...very nice. Service was attentive, food came out very quickly. My only negative comment was the music. It was dull and lackluster. The place was fairly busy with big parties so it was hard to hear, but would prefer energetic and lively tunes. It is Jersey and we're known for our rock and roll so let's have a little bit. In summary...I'm excited to try more dishes and return to try their more popular ones. Rare is a very good restaurant that cares about its customers. In service and the menu, you will see nuances of the old days when steakhouses ruled the dining scene.  Recommended.
