Ive been here twice in the past two weeks since its opening, and I crave their food every time i think of Shanghai cuisine.  Personally i'm not a fan of Xiao Long Bao in general so i tend to stay away from them wherever i go, but their other dishes are exceptional.  I recommend their 水煮魚 (whole fish in very spicy broth with lots of peppers).  This dish is a whole fish cooked in mainly peppers and broth and the meat really absorbs all the flavor.  In addition, their noodles are very good as well, the texture is amazing and the soup is as well.  In terms of the noodles, I recommend the 擔擔麵.  This is noodle with a spicy meat sauce.  I always get this dish as an appetizer like course to share with friends and family before starting their main courses.  I could go on and on about their food but lets talk about their decor.   The ambience is very nice, and the owners did a very nice remodeling of the place.  I've seen what the restaurant used to look like and it was literally a cement cell block.  Not unlike those of a prison.  However as you can see now, the restaurant has a very intriguing appearance to it and I love what they did for decorations and furniture.  I dislike metal chairs because of the cold feeling that I have when I sit on it, but they overcame this problem by adding on a wood layering which really adds to the uniqueness of it all.  The centerpiece of the restaurant is the long wooden table.  Although it is brown framed against the general grey color of the restaurant, for me it fits in perfectly.   I recommend this for anybody looking for a quick meal given that the food generally comes out quite quickly, and with excellent quality as well.  The servers are very friendly, all bilingual and proficient in Chinese and English making them very easy to interact with.  All in all, this is one of my favorite Shanghai restaurants to go to and my go to place for Shanghai cuisine in the city.  And even though you may not enjoy XLB like i do, you should definitely go there to try different aspects of Shanghai food.
