We were thoroughly impressed with the fare at this classic establishment. Each bite elicited another exclamation of how unbelievably good each course was. By the end of the evening everyone was sharing what they ordered with everyone else. I had dinner here with my wife and brother at The Grand last week and all I've been able to think about is going back.     We started with oysters on the shell which would normally end our streak of extravagance at any other steak house in New York but due to the reasonable prices we were able to go big. We then shared the sweet chill wings which were also AMAZING. The beers on tap have been carefully selected for the most discerning local pallet. We tried several and they were fantastic. The Bronx Ale took home the prize for me. These guys also serve you wine out of antique taps. The staff is cool and super friendly. For dinner I had to try their burger and it was without a doubt one of the better ones I've had in my life. You can tell that thought went into ever aspect of this bar & grill. My brother's mac & cheese was stellar and the vegetarian sandwich convinced me I could give up meat if everything animal-free could taste that good.   The surroundings are drawn from old New York. I read somewhere that the owners tracked down several turn-of-the-century pieces from all over America and brought them back to Brooklyn where they belong. I know the painted mirrors behind the bar are done in the style of the Hudson school. Very, very cool for anyone who longs to dine in the company of 1920's artists and gangsters alike. The back room is huge and I'm already thinking about throwing a birthday party there. If there are any location scouts out there reading, this place would be a great spot for an episode of Broadwalk Empire. After dessert (Cheese Cake), I was dreading the bill. When it came I almost had tears in my eyes at how affordable it was. I gladly paid up and we hit Second Chance Saloon four doors down. Bring your friends, date or folks who are in from out of town. They'll never forget it.
