Bibou has easily become my favorite restaurant. I come here repeatedly because the food and service are always incredible. Most of the food I've had is the best I've ever had. Each dish has a perfectly matched combination of main portion and garnish and/or sauce, and each element is prepared with fresh ingredients and surprisingly simple spices. Considering that it's easy to have a complete meal for around $75 a person a less, it's also an amazing deal. I think it's that simplicity in spices that leads to some of the negative reviews Bibou has received. Pierre's cooking draws out the intrinsic flavors of the ingredients as opposed to imposing an outside taste on them. He won't feature a dish with a heavy coconut sauce on a risotto dish. So if you're looking for an unusual combination of spices you may be disappointed. On the other hand, the combination of garnish or vegetable with meat or fish yields rather interesting flavors, and it's in those combinations that the food shines. That's not to say that everything I've had is to my liking. But that's more a matter of differing tastes and my penchant for certain textures more than anything else. For my own tastes, the standout dishes here are the mushrooms with cream sauce, snails, tomato salad, pan-seared foie gras, bone marrow, steak, any kind of fish, and any kind of poultry. In case you're wondering, the terrines tend not to work very well for me because of texture, and the pig's feet are too rich for me. And apparently foie gras that isn't seared just doesn't work for me. But again, these are all matters of taste as opposed to quality. I've rather stubbornly kept trying different preparations of crab, even though I've never liked crab, because with some other items (foie gras, mussels) the *only* preparations of those dishes I've liked have been Pierre's. Oh. And briefly about the space and service. The waiters will happily describe the food in detail so you should have a good idea of what to expect in each dish. The tables and chairs are close together, but even so the restaurant doesn't feel cramped. French music plays from the speakers at a volume that won't drown out conversations, and Charlotte (the hostess - and Pierre's wife) is always welcoming and efficient. Note to self - take pictures of food BEFORE starting to eat....
