I didn't think this restaurant was that great. My boyfriend and I had reservations and when I made them, the woman I talked to was extremely nice on the phone. I absolutely loved our waitress. She knew the specials of the night and gave eye contact. She answered all my questions on the food. She was very sociable too. I ordered a couple of drinks and they were made perfectly. There was another woman that brought out bread. This wasn't brought out right away when we sat down. It maybe took about ten minutes. I  thought that was a little strange. I am used to bread being brought out while you look at your menu when you first get there. After appetizers, garlic knots were soon brough out by the second woman. The garlic knots were okay. They weren't as hot as I would have liked them. They didn't have that much garlic on them at all. We ordered clams casino and stuffed mushrooms for appetizers. The clams casino needed more spices and butter. They were definately lacking flavor. The bacon was still chewy and I like it a little more crispy for clams casino. The stuffed mushrooms with the seafood stuffing was also lacking flavor. I also had a side salad. I liked how the salad wasn't iceburg lettuce. It was very fresh too. For dinner, I ordered the pollo alla scarpariello. This was chicken breast in a white wine sauce with garlic, rosemary, butter, mushrooms, and scallions. This dish was excellent. It had loads of flavor and the chicken was cooked perfectly, tender, and juicy. I also had a side of pasta. They had whole wheat ziti. I was very happy about that. That's the only whole wheat pasta they had. I don't know if that is all the time or just that night.  Unfortunately, their sauce lacks flavor.  It definately needs more spices. Also, I asked for parmesan cheese with my pasta. I was brought out some cheese in a small bowl, but it wasn't fresh parmesan cheese. It was the kind you buy in the shaker container from the grocery store! For an Italian restaurant, I would have thought fresh parmesan cheese. My boyfriend ordered the chicken parmesan. It wasn't good at all. The sauce was bland and the breading on the chicken was bland. The chicken was cooked well though and it wasn't dry.
