I had been a Saraghina regular, who loved their take on quality fresh Italian entress and delicious pizza with a great chewy crust. As a resident of the neighborhood I was happy that a new place had opened on Lewis and my boyfriend and I could be found their most weekend evenings. I stood by them after their C grade from the city health department, because the wait staff explained some of the health department concerns (person slicing bread needs to wear a hat, etc.). We even celebrated his 42 birthday at Saraghina with folks from our block. But I have seen their service gone from what could be characterized as "benign neglect" to outright hostility and incompetence from serving staff. In the past we have had to get up to get our own pepper or silverware, and took this as part of the European charm of this busy place. But tonight, for the second visit in a row we had our entree order "ignored". We received our drinks and appetizers, and the pizza was again a no show. More infuriating this visit as opposed to the last where the server admitted his mistake our waiter when we tried to question him avoided us, and then on the 2nd pass-by pointed at the pizza oven and mouthed "we're backed up." He didn't have the decency to stop by and explain what happened. At the same time that we were waiting for our pizza multiple patrons who had arrived after us were getting their bill. One couple to the right of us received their appetizer (the same we ordered), which they ordered after us, before we had even received our wine. My boyfriend and I were being served by the same waiter as the couple next to us. I don't know if the waiter was being more attentive to the new folks instead of the regulars or if he was having a bad day or what the heck was going on. We asked for our pizza to go, and confronted our server on the bad service. He after we confronted him apologized, said we had always been nice to him (what?) and he made a mistake. This conversation was 2 hours after we had been seated. No matter how busy salad, wine and pizza shouldn't take TWO HOURS! I don't know what's going on, but I won't be returning anytime soon.
