While on business trip into the city last week, accompanied by my wife, we found ourselves strolling the streets of SoHo later in the evening on a Wednesday night.  Not wanting to bear the crowds and revelry inside some of the more "scenester" restaurants, we happened upon what turned out to be - for us - the gem of Soho restaurants ... Bistro Les Amis.  Tucked away on the corner of Spring and Thompson streets, this cozy little restaurant couldn't have been more perfect - in terms of what we were looking for - even if Julia Child or James Beard themselves had created it. The atmosphere inside is like that from a classic romantic movie ... dimly lit, a rich mahogany bar, a charming banquette running opposite it ... and all around, votive candles dot the interior casting a glow not unlike sitting by crackling wood fireplace (although there isn't, in fact, one on the premises.) In other words ... the atmosphere at this restaurant is perfect for a romantic dinner with that special someone ... or, just yourself, as we noticed and happened to talk to several of the local patrons who were drinking and dining at the bar.  Often times eating at a restaurant alone can be intimidating for some ... and according to those we spoke with, Bistro Les Amis is "chill" and unpretentious.  That being said, we also noticed lively conversation at another table - but not the kind that is overbearing, or that interfered with my wife's and my special evening.  There was also an celebratory birthday party in the back, as well.  I'm very eager to experience this restaurant, too, during the daytime ... as according to our server, Ben, it's a great place to relax for a lovely lunch (and brunch, too, we heard) while shopping through the crowded streets of SoHo. And what about the food?  Frankly, I'll resort to using a completely overused word to describe it, but in short:  It was awesome.  We've been to several of the other well-recognized and well-established restaurants serving similar fare in the city - and right in SoHo, too - and this restaurant's level of food was equally on par with all of them ... and on top of that, the prices are slightly less than the other establishments.   We started our dinner with drinks at the bar with a very sweet bartender, Vera.  When the owner, himself, seated us at our table, he presented us with our menus ... and it proved difficult for us to make our choices, so we more or less ordered a "smorgasbord" of menu items and enjoyed them to our hearts content.  Oysters, fried crawfish, and the best French Onion Soup on the planet.  (Seriously ... I've never had better, and I've had a LOT of French Onion Soup in my 50+ years!)  Hanger Steak and some serious French Fries were the choice of my wife, and I settled on the housemade ravioli with mushroom duxelles that despite my growing increasingly full, tempted me to order an additional portion of to take back to Long Island with us that night (which I did ... some of which I ate for breakfast the next morning!) Despite our best efforts, we simply didn't have the room to order any of the tempting desserts that were offered to us, but we were able to sample some of them with our eyes as the food runners (extremely courteous, I might add) brought them out to other diners' tables.  Again, to use a rather adolescent word to describe something ... the profiteroles that I saw being consumed by a young couple sitting next to us simply looked "killer." Once our bill was settled and we gathered our belongings and were headed out the door, we were warmly thanked by the gentlemen who seated us, as well as by both Ben, our server, and the lovely Vera.  The one last question my wife had as she popped her head back in was if the restaurant would be open for Thanksgiving as our daughter is bringing her fiancee to the city for the parade, and invited us to join them.  It turns out that they are indeed open that day, and offer a prix-fixe classic Thanksgiving menu.  While it was hard for me to even think of Thanksgiving in July, I have to say ... given the experience we just had that night for a couple of hours on the corner of Spring and Thompson ... I'm looking forward to finding out what Thanksgiving at Bistro Les Amis will be like (I just hope they're serving Martinis that day, too, because after the crowds at that crazy parade ... I'm sure as heck going to need one ... or two!) Bottom line, folks:  Bistro Les Amis ... the secret gem of Soho (that I just let out of the bag.)
