I was in town for business and this restaurant was pretty close to my hotel.  I had my husband and 2 kids with me as well since it was a weekend business trip.  At first to be honest I was apprehensive about going to this restaurant because the decor and the name alone wasn't didn't seem flattering.  However the food smelled great and we were hungry so we decided let's give it a shot.  BAD CHOICE...let me first say that the man who greeted us at the door seemed friendly enough so we assumed the wait staff would be the same.  The man that greeted us at the door told us we would have to wait 10 minutes before we could be seated, we figured that wasn't bad so we decided to wait.  After 11 minutes my oldest daughter started to complain that it was over the 10 min wait and she was soo hungry...well after I think about 15 minutes we were seated and noticed that the main dinning room was pretty small which explained the wait it was 7:15.  We noticed we were the only minorities in the dining room and still that didn't matter to us because the man at the front was pleasant enough.  Once we sat down we waited about 5 - 10 min for a waiter to see us, when she came to our table she forced a smile and said what can I get you.  No interaction with the kids, nothing like that just a forced "how can I help you today?"  We proceeded to order our ENTIRE meal meaning the appetizer, main course and drinks.  It was about 7:30 at this point.  At around 7:50 we finally got our drinks and bread...Which was pretty long considering most restaurants give you your drinks pretty fast.  After numerous conversations at our table and watching a bunch of guest come in and out and get there appetizers etc. so fast we realized we still didn't have our appetizer.  At this point my kids were beyond annoyed and all they kept asking us is WHERE is our food, I am soo hungry!  Finally I said to my husband that is true what is taking the appetizer so long this is not normal..when I looked at the time it was 8:20...No appetizer and all of our drinks was almost done and no more bread as we completely finished that in 5 minutes after she came with it.  When we saw another waiter we asked if he could let our waitress know that we wanted to see her, after 3 minutes she appeared with no appetizer, we asked where was our appetizer she said oh the kitchen is backed up...Now normally this would work however we saw 2 different couples come in after us and got their full meal and we were still waiting for the appetizer.  She came back after 5 minutes with the appetizer and didn't let us know when the other food would come out.  It was now close to 8:45 and no main course.  At this point my husband was livid and the straw that broke the camel's back was the fact that the couple who came in after us was paying their check and leaving..We still didn't have our main course.  My husband asked another waiter if he could get our waitress and let her know we want to get the check and leave because that was ridiculous the fact we don't have our main course and folks who came in after us were leaving.  Then my husband also mentioned it wasn't just the couple I saw but 2 other tables of folks that came in after us that were almost finished as well.  2 minutes after we let the other waiter know we wanted to leave we started putting on our coats because we knew she would APPEAR real quick at that point and low and behold she did!  She put the check on the table and said sorry with a sarcastic huff! I am soo glad by husband didn't notice it because that would have made him even more furious..my kids were soo upset not understanding why it was taking so long to eat and then we are leaving without eating...However my oldest knew what I was afraid of her to experience which is the fact that even in 2014 there are racist establishments.  What confirmed my thought is another waiter apologized and he said he was 100% in agreement and completely understood our frustration he did whisper this to us like if he spoke out it would cause problems with his job.  Needles to say we left and my husband refused to pay for the drinks and appetizer because he was completely disgusted with this restaurant and we kindly exited. On the drive to Pizza Hut...we had a talk about how some places are not welcoming to minorities and this was one of those places and that not all people are like this but unfortunately this is something that we still have to go through even with a African American president.  Needless to say I will not encourage any minorities to go there because you will learn the same lesson that we did.  FYI I am also 5 months pregnant and showing however I am not sure the waitress knew this but when we were leaving some guests were whispering, "she's pregnant" perhaps that would have allowed better treatment but I doubt it.  I think that they really just don't care about our money and rather make it unpleasant for us so we never come back again.  Point taken!
