The reviews of The Farm spoke such volumes I had to try it out for myself; it certainly lived up to all expectations! We had a relaxed early lunch on a lazy Wednesday. We were seated alone at 11 in the back patio under a tree. Even though it was hot outside, the shade kept us cool and the sunlight bathed everything beautifully. Our unassuming waiter bought us refreshing chilled ice coffees as we poured over the adult beverage list and menu. I ordered the Burger (being a firm believer that if any place can perfect a burger, it's a good place to be dining at) and my friend ordered the beet salad and a side of fries. We asked for the actual cocktail menu and our waiter explained to us that they do offer house cocktails but because it was so early in the day there was not a bartender on duty and he didn't trust himself to make the cocktails. I admired his honesty and asked then if he would pick a beer to accompany my burger. He enthusiastically picked the Avery Karma Farmhouse Ale from Boulder, CO. He described it as the perfect light summer beer. When food and drinks arrived promptly, it was a feast for the eyes. Well portioned, everything looked at the peek of season and delectable. Both our plates of fries were accompanied by the infamous curry mayo dip, which I found to be a bit over-seasoned, but still a nice tangy partner to the perfectly crisp and pipping hot shoe-string french fry. My burger almost looked regal when I piled on all the juicy vegetables between the English muffin bun and the savoy oozing patty of cheese and beef. The English muffin is delightful and adds the perfect amount of salt to the dish. My friend's beet salad was an excellent balance between slivers of beets and varying lettuces. Both dishes were licked clean. And the Avery Ale was fantastic! Rich notes but not overpowering, I'd almost describe it as a feminine beer, but I believe any and all could enjoy it. For desert we each had a flute of sparkling Domaine St. Vincent, a non-vintage from New Mexico that I dare would rival any good Prosecco from Italy. Crisp and refreshing, it was the perfect way to end the meal. I hope to be dining at the Farm again very soon and receiving the same great atmosphere, service, and delightful food. An overall wonderful experience!
