I've lived in the Montclair area for about a dozen years now and one of the reasons anyone will tell you to stay is the assortment of restaurant choices available.  A couple of years ago a new restaurant entered the realm - Costanera.  With its Peruvian menu, it offered a unique choice in the crowded restaurant marketplace.  The food was fantastic - fresh, unique and presented beautifully.  Its staff was knowledgeable, friendly and attentive.  Unfortunately, like the fate of so many restaurants in the area, last night I experienced the turn which usually forecasts the decline of such establishments.  Unlike many nights, the restaurant was not full - about two-thirds of the tables were occupied.  I attributed that to a Sunday night.  We waited quite a bit for our order to be taken, but we didn't mind.  The first indication of how the night was to go was a 40 minute wait for the appetizer to come.  In that time we had our water filled once, our order taken by someone other than our waiter and no other visit by a member of the staff.  Our entrees came about an hour and 10 minutes after our arrival and here's where I saw the biggest example Costanera's turn for the worse.  I routinely order the Churrasco a la pobre as it's one of the finest steak dishes I've ever had.  To my dismay my plate arrived with a cut of meat half of which was inedible due to gristle and fat.  The waiter explained that they recently replaced the cut with a strip as opposed to the usual ribeye.  To add insult to injury, the side order of tacu-tacu was scorched, the onions raw.  A plate which was in the past scraped clean now had more than half of the original entrée left upon my completion.  Corners cut to the food equal customers choosing not to return. I write this review not as scorn but as warning.  I've seen many restaurants which were special at first eventually put up their closed sign, not because of rough economic times but because they took their customers for granted, swapping out quality for ease, attention for dismissal.  Lalezar comes to mind.  It used to be a staple for us in our restaurant rounds, always treated well and served excellent food.  Later, standards slid down and the customer base left.   I hope Costanera takes note and reverts back to its excellence during its starting years.
