I really enjoyed my experience at this restaurant. The decor was fun and colorful, island inspired. The service was great. My date and I were initially seated near a window and it was a bit drafty. The patrons behind us were feeling cold as well (I overheard them mention that to their server). My date & I were gonna stay in our assigned booth and ignore the draft until the patrons behind us received an order of shrimp - I am highly allergic to shellfish. When I asked to be seated somewhere else the manager promptly and politely obliged.  He even advised me of which dishes may or may not trigger an allergic reaction and assured me that my meal would not be handled near their seafood. That's highly important to me when dining out. The drinks, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic, were great.  The bartender didn't skimp on the alcohol and didn't over do it either.  My Bahama-Mama was perfect. My date enjoyed his drink of choice - even ordered additional rounds. The silverware was nice and clean - no water stains and I didn't feel the need to ask for a cup of hot water for extra sterilization. The food was DEEEEEEEElICIOUS!!! I absolutely enjoyed the jerk chicken with yellow rice, black beans and plantains.  My date ordered the jerk chicken pasta and that was just as delicious as my meal.   At first the portion size appeared to be way too small (perhaps because the food portions didn't fill out the large dishes that they were served on) but the portion servings were actually just enough to have room left over for dessert.  I suggest using smaller sized dishes for the entrees to accommodate the portion servings so that the meals don't appear to be so small when served.  Either that or add more food to your current sized plate...I wouldn't mind having some left over to take home =). For dessert, I ordered the dulce de leche cheesecake which was served with chopped mangoes, strawberries and whipped cream. I love mangoes.  However, I didn't really like the taste of the mangoes or the mango sauce with this cheesecake. The cheesecake tasted better with just the whipped cream and the strawberries.  I suggest including strawberry sauce as an option for this dessert dish. The bathroom was clean and well kept.  I love patronizing establishments that have clean and spacious restroom stalls, automatic faucets, toilets, and paper towel dispensers plus a garbage can under the sink and right next to the bathroom door.  This establishment's restroom had all of the above plus lotion by the sink. Overall, I rate my experience at this restaurant at 4.5 stars.  I'd definitely return to this establishment and refer my friends. All the best, Sunshine
