My husband and I also came here for Restaurant Week 2013. Had high hopes, as we've always seen outstanding reviews. I'm not going to talk about the food...it was delicious! What I will share is what the experience was around the food, because I feel that when you're in an expensive restaurant, that is something that should NOT be overlooked. The first thing you'll notice is no table linens...well, ok I say to myself, no big deal. Next, when the friendly waiter asked for our drink order, the two craft beers my husband asked for were out. Okay, so he orders from what they have on hand. I order a glass of prosecco, and we decide on tap water. (hint: this is the wrong choice) Another waitress comes back with two glasses and room-temperature water in an old bottle. No ice. My husband just looks at it and says, "Could they have made it any more obvious that they just ran this under the faucet? We ask for a glass of ice, so again, no big deal. We order our appetizers, and they're delicious. As the waitress takes our empty plates, she puts our food-encrusted silverware back on the bare table. I was pretty surprised at that one. We then wait about 40 minutes for our entrees. Obviously, the service is unpredictable. Now keep in mind, there's no bread served at the table, so while you're waiting, you've got nothing to nosh on. And you're getting pretty hungry seeing and smelling everyone else's food go by. We're by the window...wouldn't it be nice if the view didn't look like Route 22 Springfield with all the car lots? Anyway, it's almost comedic when the food did arrive, and my petit filet is about an inch wide and four inches long. Seriously, this could be a scene from a movie! Well, in all fairness, there was an extremely artistic mashed potatoe swirl alongside the steak. It was at least a hearty tablespoonful, so what the heck am I complaining about? Again, no complaints about the flavor or quality of the food. We receive our dessert rather quickly; my banana bread pudding was okay, my husband said his berry tart was overly tart. So, at this point, I'm noticing how really warm it is in the restaurant. I ask the server about that. He says rather amusingly, "If you think it's hot out here, you should see what the kitchen feels like!".  So glad that we cleared that up...BTW, I work with A/C contractors, and I can say w/o a doubt that this equipment was incorrectly sized for the room. There's no reason for a restaurant with modern comfort equipment to feel as uncomfortable as this did. The price fixe dinner is 30. pp; the restaurant charges a 20% gratuity automatically. With our drinks, and gratuity the bill came to $97. for the two of us. I handed the waiter my credit card; on the non-itemized receipt that came back, there was the $97 charge and below that a line that read TIP: and a straight line next to it to add to the total. I did call the waitress over, just to verify I wasn't going crazy, that I had already paid the tip. She said, rather absentmindedly, "Oh yeah, the machine is doing that. I don't know why", and walked away.  So she's aware of it, yet says nothing when she brings the check?  I think almost everyone out there can relate to this: I know several years ago, my father tipped twice at an expensive family dinner in Manhattan, because this exact same thing happened, and he had been drinking. We always had a bad feeling about that restaurant because of that, and never returned there. So all I can say is that I'm glad we only spent $100 on our dinner. If we had spent twice that (which would be the norm here) I think I really would have been upset. And for the chef/owner: at a minimum, don't you think your customers deserve to be comfortable, and to get fresh silverware between courses? Or is this experience only about you and your food...
