I am not really happy with my experience at Trattoria Trecolori and therefore it gets 1 star. What annoys me is that reservations are required for this restaurant. No where on their website does it state that reservations are required. Even Yelp reviews did not state that a reservation was required. I was going to go to Broadway to see a show on a Thursday, and had some extra time for an early dinner. I walked in Trattoria Trecolori and asked for a table for 2. The hostess then made a big deal that we don't have a reservation and came across as rude, rolling his eyes at my partner and I. The funny thing is, the restaurant is practically empty while he was talking to us. He then pointed to the front of the restaurant and said we could sit down on a small round table near the front of the restaurant with barely any room on it for food. There was no olive oil bottle either, just barely a small candle. Reservations weren't required for the tables in the front of the restaurant. If you come here, do not accept these tables as there is really no space to eat your food properly on them. Just walk out and make a reservation if you really want to eat here. The food was ok, just good enough to give this restaurant one star. The waitress was friendly, the exact opposite of the hostess who seated us. In any case, I wouldn't even define this as a fancy upper class restaurant which should require reservations! Everything on the menu is $15-$20, all middle-class prices. People who walk in without reservations are treated like dirt in this place. I urge the owner of this restaurant to state their reservation policy more directly to patrons through their website. The funny thing is, The Olive Garden is just down the street from Trattoria Trecolori, and the lower paid middle-class workers there treat you so much better there. It makes you wonder why even go to a place like Trattoria Trecolori if these people do not appreciate your business, Bad service always takes away from good food in principle.
