I was very excited to try some authentic soul food at Amy Ruths during a recent trip, though I'm not sure that's what I received. We were seated very quickly as there were very few tables- there were only two other tables of customers in our section. However, the server for our section tended to one table there who arrived with us, and left us to a near 20 minute wait to place a drink order.  Each side was very large and came with an even more massive entree - perhaps just a matter of opinion/style.  I ordered the Ludacris - a 4 piece fried chicken dinner with macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes as my side orders. Both sides were good (if lacking a bit of flavour), though the mac and cheese was a bit heavy. However, in terms of my entree I received two very large thighs and what appeared to be an entire chicken carcass breaded and fried? The only way to eat it was to use a carving knife or bite it like a caveman. It can only be described as defying the laws of nature. I received this food after an hour of waiting, and 3 separate discussions with our server about a time crunch. We were part of a trip and our time was unfortunately cut shorter than originally intended - meaning we required our food to be put into takeout containers. I hoped this would not be a problem, since it had not been delivered yet.  This lead to the 3 separate discussions with the server, each time she seemed irate - the first conversation she explained that takeout was not possible despite the fact that the restaurant offers a calling//takeout option. After an additional conversation and a request put in by another table we were able to rectify the situation. As a customer I hate to be picky and difficult, but it seemed our server simply could not be bothered with us. Shortly before leaving I used the restroom. Before I could get there, I entered a small room before the restroom where another employee was standing, likely on a break, charging and using their phone. It seemed strange that there was not another space to do this. Finally upon leaving, our bill came to approximately 20$ per person - seems okay. Until you consider the mandatory 18% service charge for very little service indeed. While our wait was not an unreasonable wait time by any means, our near empty section was rarely tended to by servers nor were we ever addressed or spoken to by our servers regarding anything about our food after placing our order. Not necessarily a terrible restaurant - but overall very unsatisfying. Food was not particularly tasty or interesting, server was uninterested, service overall was lacking and atmosphere was dull and uninspired. Disappointing.
