Worst experience in years!! I recently went to Entree with a few friends for restaurant week. I read some good reviews so was pretty excited to try out this new restaurant. However, by the end of the meal I was left disappointed for a myriad of reasons. When we first arrived (on time) the server told our table was not yet ready and would be approx. 15 min wait. I saw an empty table, which was being reserved for a 14 top, so asked if we could sit there in the meantime. The server said OK and went to get us some wine glasses. We ended up waiting 45 minutes for our table to finally be ready!! To make matters worse, the servers only came check up on us a couple of times and never once offered bread or complimentary appetizer which I thought would have been the right thing to do in this situation. Once our table was finally ready, my friends and I were given no assistance by the staff to carry over our belongings, wine bottles, glasses, and even menus to the table. Once seated, the server quickly came and took our order. Our table was near the front of the restaurant which brought up another major problem. The 14 top had arrived and half of them stuffed themselves in the entrance, basically sitting with us at the table, while the other half held the door open. I politely asked them to close the door since it was letting the subzero night air into the restaurant. This happened 3 other times throughout the meal and it was clear we were not the only table that was freezing!! As for the food, I ordered the arugula salad and rib-eye. The salad was bland and lacked flavor. The steak was merely adequate and slightly overcooked. The other patrons enjoyed their salmon but felt that the sauce was a little overbearing and took away from the great flavor of the fish. For dessert I ordered the fried Oreos which I must say was a treat to the senses and a great way to end a not so pleasant evening. I know Entree is a new restaurant, but from the experience I had it has a lot of work ahead of them in the managerial and service department if they want to become a staple in our restaurant scene.
