After a so-so Valentine's day meal at a high end Philadelphia eatery, we were really looking forward to something more friendly and finger licken' good on Saturday night. So we headed to N.3rd on North 3rd and Brown in Northern Liberties, where once again, it did not disappoint! We got there about 6PM to find the place really hopping. This place has a crowded bar room at the entrance, which leads to a dining room just one step up, which leads to a second dining room which also has a bar. The front bar is the larger of the two. The bartenders do a great job of mixology along with lots of beer specials from the tap and the bottle. They also have wine and cocktail specials. The atmosphere of the place is hip and friendly with most of the patrons being young, but there are always people of all ages. We were seated in the back room at a table for two by the hostess who also gave us the menu. Excellent service is always the rule at N.3rd and so it began almost immediately with water being served. Our waiter (Ben) came by, and remembering that my wife enjoyed dark robust beer, brought her a small sample of one that he thought she might like, and also suggested one other. He also remembered that I like lemon with my water, and without having to ask for it, the lemon slices promptly appeared at the table. N. 3rd's menu is varied with great apps, salads, soups, bar food, sandwiches and entrees. There are always specials of the day on a separate menu and they are also posted on a couple of blackboards. So, after reading the specials, we decided on a Tuscan Kale salad made with Grapefruit, Avocado, Toasted Almonds, Goat Cheese and Red Onion in champagne honey vinaigrette, which all marinated deliciously together. For our entrees, my wife choose the Pan Seared Fluke with Scallops, with a Green Pea-Barley Risotto in white wine and Truffle oil. I chose a pepper crusted NY strip steak with roasted Potatoes, Fennel, Rosemary, sautéed Pea Leaves, in a green peppercorn gravy. Both of these entrees were really wonderful.  We finished the meal with homemade Chocolate Bread Pudding topped with ice cream. So Good!! So, if you want a really good meal, served by a very good and friendly wait staff, head to N.3rd. I am pretty sure you won't be disappointed.
