We had dinner the other day at the coolest restaurant we know, "Freemans". It's in our neighborhood, the Lower East Side. Most people walk by it and never see it, off Rivington in the block between Chrystie and Bowery, it's at the end of Freemans Alley, so hidden, that the second time I went to Freemans, I walked by the alley twice before recognizing it. Once you locate the alley, you'd never guess there's a nice restaurant at the end of it. It's not that the alley is too dark and scary, but that it is an alley and this is the L.E.S. Your hesitancy is overcome as you approach Freeman's cheery, warm light bathing the alley's end. Once inside, the rich smells of fine cooking, the chatter of the hip crowd, you know you're in a good place and are glad you're hungry. Since they don't take reservations and Freemans' secret is out, you can expect to wait a while for a table. If you're very lucky, there will be space for you at the bar. You'd do well to have one of the best secrets of this once secret place, the finest martini yet-- the Plymouth martini which uses the very gin which made the first Martini in 19th Century San Francisco. Freemans pours a modern, super-dry martini which tastes like all martinis should, but seldom do -- crisp, tangy, like real juniper berry gin, devastatingly powerful. Sip slowly. Take in the room, try to understand why stuffed birds, animal heads and dark paintings look so right in this odd, old-looking new place. By the time you finish your martini, you should have your table and can switch to wine. The appetizers are justly famous here. "The Devils on Horseback" are outrageously delicious creations of blue cheese stuffed prunes wrapped with hot, thick, crispy bacon . The artichoke dip is creamy and tastes like artichoke. On this visit, we had a table for three with our out-of-town guest facing the window so she could gaze on the unique setting and enjoy the beautifully drawn Picasso-like horse spray painted on the alley wall. For main courses, the Trout is nice, the Mac and Cheese seems a perverse choice, but is uncommonly perfect. Be sure to order some vegetable sides The Venison or Boar stew is deep with demi-glace, so rich, it is best enjoyed in small amounts separated by other tastes, the palette conditioned by a Willamette Valley Pinot Noir. Deserts are simple, effective. Bananas Foster or warm chocolate Brownie a la mode -- awesome!
