Not that Gramercy Tavern really needs another positive Yelp review, but we just had such a lovely experience there recently that I feel compelled to relay the details of it. My boyfriend and I decided to go here for my 21st birthday. I had eaten here once before, after my high school graduation, and it had been a really memorable experience. I called about a week in advance to make a reservation and I could only get a table very late, but when they called to confirm they were able to offer me an earlier reservation. We actually missed our reservation because of traffic, and when we called to let them know they were able to get us another one for the next night at an even better time because it was my birthday. Totally accommodating and wonderful. To be honest I was a little intimidated before arriving, as it had been awhile since I dined at *such* a nice restaurant. But everyone was so unpretentious, casual and accommodating that I quickly relaxed and began enjoying myself. They seat you sans menus so that you have a moment to relax and absorb the atmosphere of the room. Then they bring you a wonderful cocktail menu. Then the waiter comes over and just sort of chats with you really casually about the food, and about what your intentions for this dining experience are (do you have somewhere to be, or can you stay awhile?). Nothing is rushed. Cocktail comes. By the time the menu arrives you've been sipping on your perfectly mixed drink for a bit, and you're buzzed and elated by the choices. We wanted a really nice bottle of wine, and our waiter was perfectly knowledgable, made really insightful comments about the subjectivity of the wine choosing process, and helped us come to a decision that not only complimented the dishes we had ordered, but was also tailored to our personal taste. Honestly, the food was good, but it was not outrageous. I have personally had better food at less upscale restaurants in the city. That being said, both my boyfriend and I have almost unreasonably high standards for cuisine, and this was by no means unimpressive food. The best part, however, was how well the wine went with everything we ate--it honestly made the food, as any good, well paired bottle of wine should, 10x better. When we praised the waiter for his perfect recommendation, he humbly responded that we had made the decisions, and he had simply navigated us in the right direction. I was having a hard time deciding on a dessert, and after helping me come to a decision, the waiter brought me both of the desserts I had been choosing between, because it was my birthday. We also ordered a plate of cheeses (the waiter helped us choose of course, offering spot-on, insightful descriptions of each one), and they were divine. We stayed for a long time finishing our wine and then our espressos. By the time we left we had been there for about three hours with no concept of how long we had been there -- at no point did we feel the least bit rushed, despite the crowded restaurant and the tables of people that came and went while we slowly enjoyed ourselves. It was in every way the perfect dining experience that I envisioned for my birthday. You get the impression that, somehow, this restaurant cares about you, and wants you to have a really special, comfortable night. I think the appeal of this place is how down to earth everything is despite the outrageous quality of the experience.  Although the food is certainly good, Gramercy Tavern is really about the cohesive experience more than anything else--the subtlety of the quality of the service, the unpretentious yet beautiful atmosphere, and the pace of the meal. And the place is so exquisite and tasteful. It's truly a New York institution.
