Beer-battered fish & chips was the WORST I've tasted.  Too much batter and burnt.  Fries were slightly burnt and oily. Mussells were ok.  Creamy. Pancakes were good.  Compared to IHOP's pancakes, Clinton's have this lighter taste to it, which means you can eat more without feeling guilty.  Great blueberry toppings because they're fresh and not thick in syrup.  What made the pancakes almost perfect was the maple butter.  But they gave very little.  I had to ask for more and they charged me $1.50.  OUTRAGEOUS!  (I'm surprised they didn't charge me extra for butter, salt, pepper, and the use of their utensils. HERE IS THE WHOLE REASON I'M LEAVING THIS REVIEW.... THE SERVICE SUCKS!!!!!!!!   I first heard about this place from Food Network's Bobby Flay Throwdown.  I am a foodie, so I grab my wife at 9:30pm, took a cab ($14 one-way) there to try their pancakes.  There were two waitresses and a bus boy.  As for customers, there were two other tables.  It was late evening on a week night.  Outside was raining a lot.  My point is it was a slow night and there was no reason we should've have expected minimum service.  Our glass of water did not get re-filled, despite the waitress and busboy passing through twice.  The waitress brought our fish&chips with the vinager spilled all over the fries.  When I told her about it, she was like "okay?  yeah?".  Not proactive.  Her attitude was poor.  I had to ask her twice to take it back to the kitchen to fix it.  Then, all the waitresses & busboy 'disappeared".  They were all sitting down having their dinners and chatting amongst themselves, which is fine by me.  They need to eat too.  But I needed service and none turned around to check on us occasionally.  I waited and waited and waited and finally got fed up and called out, "can someone help me?".  (I asked for more maple butter which they charged extra $1.50). I really hope the owners of this business get to read this because their staff were slacking off while the boss was out.  Any reputable business (with the fortune to be featured on Food TV) should take extra care to ensure that EVERY ASPECT OF THEIR BUSINESS is top-notch.  Unfortunately, the owners took their eyes off the ball.  We are not going back there.  And now other to-be customers are reading this negative review from us.
