I know this place doesn't exactly need a new review, but I'm trying to avoid doing actual work, so why not. My wife and I went here last night, a Wednesday and really enjoyed our experience. The atmosphere of the place is pretty relaxed, but not unprofessional. One part cheese and charcuterie counter, one part wine shop and one part restaurant. The tables are mostly communal (seems to be a trend these days) which I don't mind. Mostly because my wife and I like to be nosy. It's also funny when you see people's reaction to the crazy things you know they just heard out of your mouth. I found the service to be top notch. Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu. We started off with a cheese plate, because we can't not order cheese when it's on the menu. We had a french blue, a pecorino and a soft Cheddar that was more like a brie. They were all really good and the jams that came with them were perfectly matched and thoughtful. For dinner, I ordered a special that was gnocchi and short rib with a scallion crema. It was everything I would have hoped it would be. The gnocchi were pan seared so they had a nice crust with a soft and creamy potato inside. The short rib was pulled, flavorful and juicy. The crema was creamy and silky. It lacked a little flavor, but I thought it worked great to add a nice texture to the dish with out overpowering it which cream sauces can do. I was thoroughly pleased. However, my wife's dish was amazing. She ordered the Goat Bolognese. The gramigna pasta seemed perfectly cooked. The sauce was hearty like a bolognese should be but not so heavy where you can't eat a lot. It was the perfect balance of acid, sweetness and gaminess from the goat. Add in the horseradish fonduta and the goat cheese and it was just perfect. Damnit, I wish my wife didn't take her leftovers for lunch.... All and all this place is just really good. We grabbed a lemon tart to go to eat in the park, a $12 bottle of grenacha from the shop, a bottle of good olive oil, of course some reasonably priced goat cheese from the counter and we were on our merry way.
