I uploaded my photo of the slice I had on 9/18/14. I did not do anything to the slice or the photo, it is original photo. Arrived after the lunch crowd expecting a spare slice to be leftover for a quick purchase. That did not happen, had to wait for that spare.slice to buy for 2 hours and 17 minutes. Placed my one cheese slice order and was told it would be at least an hour and a half before any single slices would be available. Spent that time by hopping on the Q train, went to Coney Island, had two Nathans hot dogs and returned to DiFara 1 hour and 25 minutes later. Was told that I had not missed my slice and it would be about another 45 minutes for my slice to be ready. So roamed around the neighborhood which is a Jewish neighborhood with a very low crime rate and went and had a pastry from the Jewish bakery across the street. When the slice arrived it was quite small without much sauce spread on it. There was a tomato clump near the end, cheese was heavy towards one side and slight on the other. Basil leaves were plentiful and evenly spread. Took several photos of top, sides and the bottom crust. The bottom crust was evenly cooked and crisp. When starting to eat this slice experienced a flavor rush similar to a macaron where you are overwhelmed by strong ingredients. Had to slow down to try to figure out what the flavor rush was caused by. After eating this slice spent about a half an hour outside the open window and studied what the pizzamaker was doing. Spoke to a few people waiting for their pies and read reviews and history of Difara. Here is my advice; retire the founder, originator and expert pizzamaker asap. It is not right to have anyone in this elderly state making every pie, maybe a few hours a week but every pie, every minute, every working hour? People need to stop being selfish and urge him to keep working. There is an entire family working there that can make equal pies and for  respect all customers can tell the family that the pies they are making are almost as good as the originals and that way everyone is content. For those of you reading my review wondering if it is worth the cost and the wait for single slices the answer is no. If you have several people and $30-$35 to split and blow on a pizza pie then do it. The flavor rush was due to the oil from the melted cheese and olive oil. If my slice was better I would give this review 3 stars, if I had split a pie with others I would have given the review 3 or 4 stars. Is this the best slice of pizza in all of NY or the USA or the world the answer is no. Is this one of the most flavorful pizzas the answer is yes. I recommend going to Pizza Suprema located just soutwest of penn station for quick service, lower cost and a sauce mixture that has its own unique flavor rush. For those on a budget recommend going to Patsy's in east harlem. The cheese only slices are only $1.75 when bought at their takeout area which is next to their restaurant. The slices are from a coal oven with a very tasty sauce and oily cheese. No flavor rush but three slices at $5.25 with at most a 15 minute wait compared to $5 with over a 2 hour wait ar DiFara is no comparison at all
