Worst service ever!!!! A week ago five of us went to Fork for a celebratory meal. I waited a week to post this review hoping that some concern would be shown after speaking with Ellen the owner. We arrived on time at 8:30 and were told they were running behind. We got seated over 25 minutes later- no apology  or anything. Our waiter dropped off menus and then for 40 minutes we waited- no explanation of the menu and no one to take our order. Finally, we called over another person who I thought was a server but was actually a floor manager- she took our order right away but should of alerted someone we were unhappy but this did not occur. Our waiter went awol- later Ellen said he had a table who was doing a tasting menu and had trouble coping with the other tables. We never had anyone come over and ask how we were doing. Our table was very cramped- not enough room for white and red wine glasses to be on the table at the same time, so we were constantly juggling plates and glasses. The food was very good. At 11:0O we are now the only patrons- employees are at the bar drinking- were was a waiter??? We finally ordered desert- all were pre made. Twenty minutes go by and no dessert- we are getting very pissed off. Ellen told me later she walked through the restaurant about this time, saw we looked unhappy and mentioned it to the manager (who had never came too ur table. He did nothing and Ellen should of been more pro active. At 11:20 we canceled dessert and expressed our outrage to the waiter. You may of thought we would get a check right away..no..we had to go over to the manager and demand we get our check. He said he would comp us our pre dinner drinks but he only comped 4 out of 5- leaving the most expensive one on the bill.  We were so angry and our evening had been ruined we just left. I have never not left a tip- this is the first time. On Monday after 2 calls to have the drink charge credited Ellen called. She said she was sorry her staff did not take care of us but had some weird explanations. She said she should do better about training the staff to know when customers want a leisurely meal and when they do not. We did want a leisurely meal but a whole hour of out time was spent with no food at all! Ellen did invite us  back- but after this awful experience and having to pay for dessert we didn't eat we will never set foot in the restaurant again. Out next night was at Farm and the Fishermen- totally wonderful, attentive service and very, very tasty food.
