We went to Scarpetta last night, the day that it received a 3 star rating in the New York Times. The room seemed to be buzzing from that excitement. Our experience was very positive and we left feeling that the review was mostly justified. We were greeted warmly and seated in the main room. The room feels light and spacious and there is a good amount of space between the tables. Our waiter was warm and convivial and did not steer us wrong all night. We started with a few appetizers, all of which succeeded incredibly well. The Pea soup was refreshing and flavorful; the Carozza was lightly fried and very tasty. The polenta was the most incredible of the 3. It comes presented in a small white bowl with a steel pot of wild mushrooms on the side. The two are mixed together in front of you and it is truly magical. I could have eaten another serving of it right away. Our waiter suggested a rose from Montepulciano to match with the appetizers and it went brilliantly. We then split an order of the spaghetti with tomato and basil for the table. It was rich and flavorful with a little bit of a bite to it. What a treat to have fresh pasta served al dente. The main courses were the only part that did not overwhelm us. We had the Osso buco, the chicken with a liver sauce and the baby goat. They were all good but a bit overly salted. Not terrible by any means. Just a bit too much. If the first two courses had not been so spectacular, I probably would not have noticed the slight slip ups in the main courses. Desserts were really good although we were really quite full. The apple pie was spectacular with a polenta crust that tasted like very good shortbread. The Parfait came with a small milkshake that could have been enough just by itself. The Cheesecake has no cheese and was overwhelming tart. It was the least successful of the 3. The service was professional and friendly all night and the whole evening was a pleasure. We will certainly be back to try all of the pastas that looked so good (and of course to have that polenta again. ) What a great addition to the New York restaurant scene.
