Will not eat here again. We were excited to eat here based upon the Yelp reviews. We're new to the city and are still discovering places.  We love a good hearty breakfast and the location and menu looked perfect.  We knew we would have to wait in line., but having lived on NYC's upper west side for years, we were fine with that.  During the 15 minute wait outside, I bought a coffee at The Coffee Pedaler.  I took my cup in when we were seated, and after about 10 minutes, one of the staff came up and said I had to give them my coffee cup, it wasn't allowed.  I gave her the half full cup, but told her that it was a bit silly as they don't offer anything to people waiting on line (which would be a great idea!).  It's one thing to take the cup - but no one came to take our order, give us water or offer coffee or anything for 10 MORE minutes.  Not that I would order coffee anyway as it was hot out and the place didn't seem to be air conditioned, or if it was, it was woefully inadequate.  Finally, a very harried waitress took our order.  Unbelievably, we waited 20 more minutes for eggs and pancakes.  At about the 15 minute mark of waiting for food, I asked the guy refilling our water about our food and he said "I'm just the guy pouring the water, I have no idea. But believe me, more people are waiting for food than have food."  Seriously??!! What kind of answer is that?  Is The Pantry not interested in training the staff or giving customers a pleasant experience?  We were about to leave when our food came.  The tragedy is that the food was really good.  But not worth the incredibly bad service, uncomfortable heat, and zero overall hospitality.  I was also a bit disappointed in the cleanliness of the place. As we were about to leave, a cook came out of the kitchen in a filthy apron and I think he went into the bathroom - it was not a pleasant sight. We left a 20% tip as I don't think it's the staff's fault - they don't know any better.  Silver lining - we discovered The Coffee Pedaler across the street, which does not have an extensive menu, but the things on offer are of high quality, the coffee is great, the place is spotless and most importantly, the people working there are super friendly and take their jobs seriously. A much better, and less time consuming experience.
