Hi everybody, I've eaten once in this restaurant last Saturday because my friends and I were around and trying to find a place to eat. I have to say yummy sushi is one of the best places I've tried for sushi, if I get a chance, I will go back there again: ). It is located in a very nice half-circle plaza, all stores there have the pretty creamy-color wall, I like the color. Yummy Sushi itself is a clean and neat place, and it has really comfortable chairs.   I ordered the fantasy roll, my friend had the spicy tuna sandwich and California roll, and my other friend had the seafood udon soup. The waitresses there were really friendly and they introduced to us their specials and explained clearly what was in the rolls, the sandwich and the soup. They made me felt like home, not like some other restaurants where waitresses/waiters kept staring at you making sure you finish your food and pay your bill. BTW, their plates and dishes would be the those of the cleanest I've seen in restaurants I've been to. So, their service is a thumbs-up. About the food, quite frankly, I am a sushi lover, and I always like trying different rolls and different flavors when I go to different Japanese restaurants. And that day, Yummy Sushi surprised me with their spicy tuna sandwich. Basically, it is spicy tuna roll with lettuce inside but in a sandwich style. First of all, I've never seen any Japanese restaurant done things like that before; secondly, the taste is great! The sandwich, what was in the sandwich and the sauce just combined so well together. I was kind of sad when we finished all the spicy tuna sandwiches. The fantasy roll was like its name, fantastic, and it was soy bean wrapped, I know it is really healthy to do it that way. I tried some of my friend's seafood udon soup too. It was very tasty, the soup was very special. I enjoyed everything. When we left, the lady in the front and everybody worked there said bye to me. I noticed my waitress did not go to our tips directly, she cleaned the table and brought our tips to the cashier's on her way. I like how people don't treat money like it is God. LOL, just kidding. I mean, at least they didn't count the money right away. So, the service was good, the food was wonderful,and the environment was comfortable and relaxing. So... everyone, just go and check it out! ^^
