Last night was my third time at Tinto and likely my last.  The two stars both go toward the food.  It was good, but not great.  This review, however, will focus on the restaurant's two weakest assets - the service and cleanliness. The service:  We had reservations for 9, got there at 9, got seated at 9:15.  Typically, I would not have a problem with waiting at the bar for 15 minutes while the table was prepared.  The hostess sat us in some quasi-basement with couches and dark corners (more on those later).  This basement was almost completely empty, leaving us baffled as to the 15 minute wait.  I will tell you this:  They did not spend that 15 minutes cleaning up before we were seated.  There were crumbs covering my seat.  Not a huge deal; I'm not snob, but that was simply the tip of the proverbial iceberg.  Once seated, our waiter, Nathan, approached us and immediately turned on the charm.  By "turned on the charm" I mean condescendingly explained the tapas menu to my girlfriend, who had yet to experience the pleasure of dining at Tinto.  Nathan did not take drink orders.  Nathan darted away and back again in two minutes or so and asked "Have you decided on your meal?"  We had yet to even pick up the expansive menu, attempting instead to enjoy each other's company for a moment or two on our Valentine's Day date.  Shame on us.  So Nathan gave us some time, and I coerced him into taking my drink order.  He was clearly so excited that I reminded him about the whole drinks thing that he later brought me an extra beer without me even asking!  Don't worry, Nathan charged us for that.  So, we ordered our food, received some dishes twice, some not at all, but for the most part we enjoyed the food.  We mistakenly ordered dessert, only to wait nearly 20 minutes for it to arrive at the table.  By this point, it was after 11pm and the restaurant was nearly empty.  Had we known the ordering of dessert would extend our experience by 30 minutes, we certainly would have passed.  It wasn't even that good.  On our way out, Nathan walked right by us without a "thank you" or even an acknowledgment of our presence or that we just dropped 132 bones at his restaurant.  You're welcome, Nathan.   Cleanliness:  Well, really lack thereof.  Like I said, crumbs on the seat, etc.  As you know, when you do the whole tapas thing, you do a lot of sharing and plates need to be changed a lot.  Nathan changed my plate after the first course but failed to extend the same courtesy to my girlfriend.  Not really sure what that was all about but it was kind of gross.  The silverware was spotted.  Again, I'm not a snob, or a germaphobe, so if I notice these shortcomings, I'm sure a more refined guest would be disgusted; I was merely annoyed.   Dark Corners:  We were seated in a fairly empty quasi-basement on couches that sunk so low that my chin was near table-level (I'm not even short).  It was part basement, part sex den.  Our fellow diners were all over each other like horned up middle schoolers at their first school dance.  Problem was, these diners were in their mid-50's.  Well, at least one was.  His date was probably not too far removed from middle school.  I felt like an extra on the set of a filming of Millionaire Matchmaker.  It was all very uncomfortable.  Another set of diners were literally screaming into their cell phone wishing "!Feliz Dia de Los Enamorados!" (happy Valentine's Day) to their entire familia, while another followed each other to the bathroom...entered together, only to exit after the unmistakable sound of puking.  In all fairness to Tinto, the restaurant cannot be expected to screen its guests for class.  The clientele was simply a wonderful reflection of the lack of class the entire place exhibited throughout the night.   I do not consider myself to be some sort of perfection-seeking foodie elitist  I do, however, expect a bit more from a $132 meal.
