I passed by the restaurant by chance. I was looking for a place to dine with my date. The cozy, dimmed, decor caught first my attention. Then, I noticed the funny menu board by the door. Always with a quick joke (I had seen it before). But this time, it was serious to me:  " Mussels tonight!!", it read. My favorites. So I decided to pay them a visit. Although the menu was quite appealing, I was not compromising. It was Mussels Tonight. And so they came... I can tell you, fellow reader, it was glorious. I have been to restaurants featuring mussel specials. They usually serve tiny, bearded baby mussels, with almost no meat or taste. Not here. These ones were HUGE and meaty (no harsh after taste, nor smell). Great selection by the chef. The steaming was perfect as well. The order arrived to the table, tender and warm. Not overcooked, to the point of rubber consistency (and I have had those too), or undercooked (You, know! When you need hydraulic pliers to remove the flesh from the stem). They were just perfect! And the broth... It sent subliminal encoded messages to my grey matter, exploding in thousand psychodelic sensations upon arrival to the back of my brain.... Yes! That good!!. I had to ask. What was it made of. It seems the chef switched to a beer base, instead of the traditional white wine base, for the saucy broth. My compliments to the chef for her initiative and good taste. No better way to reward effort and care, than ordering seconds. When we were done, it was time for dessert. I do not normally have dessert were I dine. It is my thing, I guess. But the waiter gracefully suggested "Oreo Cookies Cheesecake. Well, to put it simple and plain: DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT IT!!. A perfect combination of luscious, creamy top, on a crunchy sugar base, enhanced by a "real vanilla' vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce (on the side). No 'mushy' stuff. Not there. It could not be. Definitely an epicurial experience, to be repeated (soon). I am definitely coming back. Decor: TTU; Food: TTU; Service: TTU; and, Price: TTU. P.S. Check the wine list out. You will see some amazing selections by the owner. ** TTU = Two Thumbs Up.
