Honestly, I'm a bit baffled by the positive reviews because my friends and I had an AWFUL experience here. On first entering (btw entering through a garden gate does not a great restaurant make) it's a cute looking little place. Very tight on space, but visually nice looking. That's where the good times stop. Crowd: Not the most attractive. In fact, pretty bridge 'n' tunnel. Couples full on making out at the bar and pushing into our table. So yes, not exactly a classy crowd... Food: appetizer and main where OK, fairly standard. Desert was downright BAD. We all had  one bite of each of the 2 we'd ordered, and couldn't touch any more. Service. Pretty much the worst service I've ever had. Have never felt so rushed. Our food came out at different times. They then removed plates when we were still eating! The waitress literally took my plate while I had food in my mouth. She was hovering over us so obviously trying to get us the hell out of there that it made the experience feel so hurried and unpleasant, when a good meal in a good restaurant should be relaxed, easy and fun. To be fair to the waitress, I think she was under ridiculous pressure to keep the crowds moving and the tables turning over. I think she (or her boss) even called for back up since we had guy waiters coming over to help clear etc. Towards the end of the meal (when we finally gave up and left) they cleared our glasses still filled with wine and water! I swear we were not taking an abnormally long amount of time. Yes, we were a few minutes late for our table, but that is all. This crazy "service" started from the moment we sat down and progressed on the crazy scale for the duration of our hour and a half meal. I think at least one of the owners was there. Shortish weasely guy, floppy lank hair, badly dressed. He flitted about with an unpleasant arrogance and an overbearing attitude. Not nice. Will not be going back. Will not recommend. In fact, will warn all of my well moneyed influencer-about-town friends to stay well away.
