The modest outside exterior of Ginza gives off a vibe that portrays an average everyday sushi house. However, when you step into this fine eatery, you will soon find out that this is not in fact your average sushi house. The private dining area is complete with dark and dim lighting with an aurora of neon lights that intertwines with the opaque atmosphere. You are greeted with the fragrance of a lightly fried tempura and the fresh smell of the exotic cuisine. The staff is quick to your every whim, quickly seating you at the luxurious, cherry red wooden seats with a thick cushion, so you are the most comfortable you can be. The sparkling clean tables, glistening from the lights of the restaurant, is accompanied by a menu with countless items to choose from. Within the matter of seconds our polite and courteous waiting staff took our drink and appetizer orders. From green tea to the Japanese Pop Soda, any beverage will starts off your experience with a bang! One of my family's favorites, is a soy bean dish called edemame, for those who like to add a little spice to the bean; Ginza also offers edemame with a ginger spice sauce. You wouldn't imagine that when you add that small little flavor, it can make a big difference.  After looking over the hefty menu, the combinations are endless. From a surf and turf delight to the freshest most flavorful sushi, anything and everything will be at its complete best. As the well-mannered staff quickly comes to your seat your order is swiftly taken. The staff is so marvelous the manager comes to the table frequently to check on how their experience is going. If anything is out of place at all, if the room temperature is off by the slightest the staff will adjust it to your liking. At last the main course is here. It looks absolutely delightful! My mother ordered a vegetable dish cooked with a light teriyaki sauce complete with brown rice, and a small side portion of wheat noodles. My father on the other hand, ordered a sushi dish of the Angry Dragon rolls (one of my personal favorites) it consists of a fried tempura delicately encased with sticky white rice, and a sweet wrap coddles the tempura into the roll, topped with a light and supple ginger sauce to bring out the various flavors of the Angry Dragon. It is absolutely one of my favorite parts at Ginza! My brother he is on the other side of the spectrum, he prefers the steak hibachi, medium rare, accompanied by grilled vegetables, a pork fried teriyaki rice and a side of fried noodles. Lastly my order captures all the meals, I usually prefer to order a sushi roll any one on the menu, and everything is so delicious! Then my brother usually doesn't finish his meal...ever. So by ordering something small, my brother is open to share because he knows the portions are extremely plentiful. It's great to sample everything because you get to experience the vast diversity of Ginza's countless meals. After the five star meal we have all managed to squeeze in, there still has to be room for Ginza's gourmet desserts. This part you absolutely CANNOT miss. Ginza's known for remarkable desserts. The beautiful display of it all makes it even more spectacular. One delectable treat is the fried ice cream. The flavor my family and I share it with is a coconut ice cream enclosed by a coconut fried shell that makes my mouth water. The light ice cream with the fried shell, served warm makes for an over the top treat, too exceptional to describe. My favorite part of this gourmet dish is the individuality of the sparklers flying all around perched on the top of the ice cream like a white firework. One other ice cream dish I find truly terrific is the mochi. This small little sphere of ice cream is then wrapped in a case of rice dough flavored the same as the ice cream and served cold, with clouds of whipped cream and a dazzling chocolate drizzle. All accompanied by a dessert coffee with the thin layer of airy mocha on the top, completes the perfect meal that cannot and will not be topped by any other sushi restaurant. Ginza is by far more than amazing, that this review can't even do it justice.
