Went for the first time on New Years Day, mainly due to other Restaurants I frequent being closed. First and foremost is, I am a critique of Restaurants, so lets get to business. The atmosphere is very nice, the waiter we had that evening was quite nice and did his job well. Zach. We started with the fried calamari as suggested, like some other reviews we all agreed it was bland in taste but fresh. The lances arugula salad I ordered was not fresh as well as the avocado with it.  The chicken parm was over cooked and was served with homemade pasta that must have been sitting in the drainer was clumped and stuck together, this was the same as my side order of pasta with garlic and oil. All the entrees were served warm and not hot. Portions were average. The chicken I ordered was with asparagus and crab meat. Served with 4 very skinny wilted asparagus and shaved crab meat that looked like grated cheese. Could not tell it was crab meat. The salmon dish was with spinach and roasted garlic risotto was served warm also and did not seem to blend well together. Now we ordered also the Crab and Corn Chowder and requested for it to be extra hot, it was, and the soup was very good. We ordered a Canolli for dessert and it also was very good. We ordered Espresso also but it came out not so hot and was of poor quality. Oh we asked for the Manager to let him know it was our first night and to also let him know very politely of the food critique. He didn't want to here nothing, and walked away from us. Very very poor move as a Manager. He also should have at least come to our table and ask how are you enjoying everything on your first evening here, Not to mention there was only one other table of guests in the Restaurant. There was entertainment Gary, playing guitar and singing, he did not take one break or stop singing once the entire time while we were there. I give him a 10. Now in all fairness this was the night after New Years Eve, but i'm not sure if I could give them a pass on the overall quality of the food. However I may give a try to sit back enjoy some wine and have Zach as a waiter, who actually cares at another time.
