Leaving one star only because I can't see a way around leaving a star all together for this shack. I have never been more disgusted by a so called dining establishment in my entire life. I went with my fiancé, our 3 year old, 88 year old hard of hearing nanny and my fiancé ' s sister for dinner. First of all the man that sat us and I assume was the owner was rude enough to tell us our son didn't need a highchair after we requested one prior to being sat. Last I checked we could deem a high chair appropriate or not for OUR CHILD whom we have to sit through a meal in public with. After having the chair set at the head of the booth we then proceeded to hear someone FLIPPING OUT at the server station to our left. This said person fortunately turned out to be our server (if that's what you'd call her) luckily when she did not ever through out our meal introduce herself we overhead her name was Celeste that "served" us. She had been flipping out in typical Jersey fashion, head bobbing, arms flailing all within our hearing shot about how could she serve us... also pointing directly at our table as there were no others sat near us. It appeared this jewel of a server had a problem with the OWNER having placed our son at the end of a booth. She then finished her scene and came to our table, THREW napkins at the center of the table for us and left later coming back to take drink orders. Our sister excused herself to the restroom and Celeste came to bring our drinks while our sister was gone, having the nerve to tell us at the table that she had great timing bringing them because there was a person missing from the table to serve the glasses. This is the point my fiancé stuck me inside the booth so he could sit at the end near our son and be the SOLE person to handle the waitress as my sister and I now had steam blowing from our ears in aggravation. We should have left by this point but as I said, our sweet very hard of hearing nanny was very excited for the light bite menu and hearing none of this, oblivious to any of our disgust. The food only amplified the disgust. Chicken marsala, no sauce to the meal. My son's macaroni and cheese looked frozen. Sister's chicken parmigiano looked like tomato soup. The best thing this apparent establishment could do is do the general public a favor and shut it's doors, I'd rather take my chances with the service of a McDonald's.
