It's football season and what pairs better with football than barbecue?  So on Saturday when my wife and I were preparing for the Notre Dame v Michigan game we thought that take out from Uncle Willie's BBQ in West Haven would be a great fit.  For those who know me or who have followed my reviews, you know that I am brutally honest. I review a restaurant based on my perception and experience cooking. Now I am a trained chef and my passion is good food, so my rule of thumb has always been that a restaurants food needs to be better than, if not equal to what I can do at home. Unfortunately during this game, Uncle Willie (like Michigan) never made it into the end zone. I will start off by saying that this was not my first time at Uncle Willie's. A few weeks back my wife and I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon to test the food. During that visit all we ordered was ¼ pound of burnt ends and a sweet tea. I was surprised at how long it took them to serve the burnt ends and to be honest I didn't pay much attention until we sat outside to eat.  At first glance I noticed that the serving was not all brisket, to which burnt ends come from. There was a small about of pulled pork in there as well. It really didn't matter at the time, we wanted to taste the BBQ.  I will say the meat had a really nice smoke flavor that wasn't overpowering yet lingered on your taste buds leaving you wanting more. On Saturday we called ahead and ordered two BBQ Dinners with 2 sides. My wife stuck with the burnt ends with  mashed potatoes and  mac n' cheese. I ordered the brisket with  collard greens and the black-eyed peas and rice.  When my wife arrived to pick up our dinner it was ready, so I would say service was quick and without incident, as it should be with a takeout order. However, let's talk about the food itself: Side Dishes:  1 Star out of 5 We had to throw two of them in the garbage. The mashed potatoes were overcooked and the potatoes had broken down and turned into mush, however the chef chose to mix them up and serve them anyway. They lacked any flavor or seasoning, the texture was really unappealing, certainly not the fluffy, creamy, buttery texture you expect from mashed potatoes. The mac n' cheese..... the macaroni was cooked properly but the cheese sauce didn't appear to be house made. I would compare it to one of the canned or jarred sauces you can heat up in the microwave; one that becomes overly creamy when warm, but solidifies like jello when it cools down.  I ate my side dishes, however the collard greens were undercooked and therefore lacked the deep flavors that develop when braising greens. I also found myself searching for the acidity that often accompanies a good southern style collard green, but loved the level of heat that they offered. I enjoyed the black-eyed peas and rice offered as they had a nice flavor and the rice leant texture to the dish, my only concern would be the peas. They were slightly mushy as if they sat in the steam table too long and had begun to overcook or come from a can. Overall a horrible display of quality control and lack of standards, yet if Uncle Willy takes my review to heart, this is an easy fix. Meat: 4 Stars out of 5 I loved the meat.  Uncle Willie knows how to smoke meats, I will give him that. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because of the test experience. I almost feel insulted that the chef that day didn't think anyone would notice the difference between burnt ends and pulled pork and that shows inconsistency. Again, this could be another quick fix. On Saturday. both dishes had an incredible depth of flavor that you can only find in real BBQ. The brisket was tender and fell apart in your mouth, I even had a couple pieces where the fat was not completely rendered down or trimmed away and for me it offered yet another layer of flavor. Just Delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Pricing: 2 Stars out of 5 I know Uncle Willie is living the American dream and in this for the money, but brother slow down. You're a BBQ shack and I meant that will all due respect. You're not a Michelin rated restaurant offering table service dinner and you don't have expensive china plates. So why charge your customers more than $38 for two takeout boxes??  The simple answer here is, you're overpriced. The restaurant business in NOT a get rich quick opportunity. It's about sharing your passion for food with the people and being able to live off of it. If done successfully, you will find the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. However $38 for two styrofoam containers with  1/2 pound of meat in them, you won't be seeing this Irish fan on gameday every week.  Maybe to celebrate if we can make the playoffs. Overall - 2 Stars out of 5
