YUMMO! Much like many others, I have not been untouched by the NYC Ramen craze. One evening while out in Brooklyn I decided to give Chuko a try. I ordered the wings, the pork buns and the Kimchi Ramen - which came with ground pork but I also added Pork Belly. I have to say I was quite impressed!! The buns were served with bahn-mi style accouterments and had a nice siracha mayo. absolutely delicious! The salt+pepper wings are potato starched before being fried and served only with a wedge of lime. They were plump and juicy and perfectly crispy. I think an order comes with 4 wings which is fine given their size and that by the last wing it was getting a little boring. If dining alone there again I'll probably double down on buns instead. Now the main course, the Kimchi Ramen. Absolutely delicious! The broth was rich yet, delicate. The ground pork flavorful, the fermented kimchi had the right amount of tangy kick. I also had to admire the perfection of the poached egg and the velvety texture it added when I broke it into the soup. The noodles were slightly thick, curly and perfectly al dente with the right amount of chew. Upon talking to the service staff, I confirmed that Chuko, like virtually every other major Ramen place in the city does in fact get their noodles from Sun Noodles. I've seen some comments where people seem to think this is some kind of fraud, but au contraire it is quite the opposite! Yet to try a noodle in the city that can hold a candle to Sun's. As I mentioned previously, I did add the pork belly to the Ramen and was a bit surprised. The Pork Belly in the bun was excellent, while in my Ramen it was a bit dry/overdone. I do believe they torch the Pork Belly that gets added to the Ramen (and I do not think it was torched for the bun) so maybe that explains it? It wasn't bad - it just wasn't as good and I thought that was interesting. All-in-all I could find myself making an excuse or two to head out to Brooklyn and making sure to stop by Chuko when I do. That's saying a lot considering I live on the UWS which is why I decided on a 5 stars vs 4!
