I am the manager of Nori. Thank you for your reviews. I am so happy to read 16 reviews from our customers. Thank you for your kindness who speaks highly of us and at the same time I also need to appreciate your frankness who is not so satisfied with us because your feeling is like a mirror to reflect our shortcomings. I admit that our servers' language skills leave much to be desired and we are sometimes have to work efficiently in order to make some vacancy for the next reservation (especially Friday and Saturday nights). I do apologize for the unhappy experiences you have had. I could say I was extremely shocked when I was reading Claud H.'s review which mentioned a waitress didn't know what the nigiri was and she and even the sushi chiefs didn't how to answer whom our purveyors were. I don't know what's wrong with the conversation. Let me answer this question. Our fish is from Yama seafood and New York fish company (True World Food) who are HACCP certified. We keep the original receipts and tags at least three months according to the law. You can check with them what fish level we order from them. We need nothing except No. 1 fish and we are always charged the most expensive price because quality is always our No. 1 concern. Probably the language barrier makes you feel we are not so friendly. The girls are nice enough although they are shy and can't talk a lot because of their weak English and tension. I am not making any excuse for us. I just want to say we are and will be always trying our best to provide you the best food and best service at reasonable prices. I know it is hard to make everyone satisfied but it is my target. And I have to get it done. Thank you for your cooperation and keep supervising us. I love challenge. I rather recommend pick up than delivery if you can't come to dine in because it really saves your time, especially Friday and Saturday nights when we are unbelievably busy with the delivery (maybe people are hungry at the same time, so the phones keep ringing uninterruptedly ). I am sorry for the delay. Finally  I must say "Thank you, Denise and all of you who are our fans. You know we love you as much as you love us. You know I am making friends while I am running the business." And also it is a platform of freedom. Everyone has his or her freedom to express his or her own feelings. Don't worry about that and we need your voice. Thanks a lot and best wishes.
