Okay, so here's the thing. The first few times I went to Tattooed Mom, I LOVED it. My boyfriend and I would trek on down here from Fairmount for food and drinks and just hang out. We loved the atmosphere, prices, and the food. But then, my birthday happened. Last November, my boyfriend took me to a Murder Mystery dinner show at Bistro Romano. It finished up relatively early in the night and we were in the area, so we decided, hey why not? Let's head over to one of our favorite bars for a drink! ...Worst mistake ever. I have never ever been so disappointed with service. My boyfriend is a long-time server and I've had my share of working in the food business as well, so we are usually VERY accommodating when it comes to bad service. Simply put, we understand that things happen and it's busy and things can take time and 99% of the time we're okay with it. What happened to me at Tattooed Moms was so disappointing that we haven't returned in months and simply put, have no desire to. First of all, we were dressed really nicely (like I said, we just came from Bistro Romano, on my birthday, seeing a dinner show...) and while I like to think we weren't being profiled, part of me can't help but think the bartenders were judging my sparkly 4 inch heels and blown-out hair. Yeah, we did stand out because of how we looked, but I'm pretty sure that if we hadn't been here before and we were dressed as such, we woulda walked out the second we got upstairs. The fact that we stayed and were persistently trying to get service should show that HEY WE WANNA BE HERE AND WE LIKE IT HERE. (Don't judge a book by it's cover...) And okay fine, you can argue that we weren't dressed for a grunge divey bar (which I absolutely love that scene) but that doesn't mean you should treat us any different than the next guy. We were LOYAL, SUPPORTIVE customers who got completely snubbed. My boyfriend and I waited at the bar for about ten minutes trying to get the attention of the ever so busy bartender. All of this is fine, I'd be more surprised not waiting at a bar to get a drink on a Friday... but it's when he's sitting there chatting to other customers, blatantly ignoring us, that's what gets me. When he finally did come over, we asked for a specific beer that they had run out of (also, not a problem, we'll just get our usual go-to Yuenglings then)... except the second he rudely said they were out, he walked away without even asking if there was something else we wanted. My boyfriend attempted for another ten minutes to flag him down and order our Yuenglings. Needless to say, we were disgusted with how rudely we were treated, chugged our beers, and got out. We haven't been back since. I have never ever left a Yelp review before, let alone ever given negative feedback on any place. I was talking to friends last night about a potential bar for my brother's 21st birthday and someone suggested Tattooed Mom. Only after rehashing my experience there was I convinced by my friends to leave this feedback. Needless to say, don't come here looking your best. You'll get treated like shit. Make sure you look the part.
