I've been to the Elbow room before, but not recently.  Tonight my dining experience was so disappointing.  We chose to go to the elbow room tonight based in past experience and because they have outside seating!  We sat down around 630 and were able to snag one of the last outside tables on the sidewalk in the shade.  The table was in a great spot for people watching and to see all the old cars from the car show; however, it was titled and our drinks kept sliding.  We were greeted by the waiter with water in tow.  He came back shortly after to get our drink orders and then our food order.  The drinks didn't come right away but that was OK since we had water.  When he finally brought our drinks (my husbands beer in a can with no glass) he said our appetizers would be out shortly.  After about 30 minutes still no appetizers.  Meanwhile the table across from us had just received their food (they placed their order when we sat down...) all all of it was COLD  with hot plates or sitting out for way too long.  hmm not looking good.  Our waiter came back and told us the kitchen lost our ticket and they were scrambling to make our appetizers....shrimp cocktail and wings - not difficult people.  I was disappointed with the number of shrimp or lack there of and my husbands wings were not as hot as they could have been and sitting in a pool of grease.  As we were finishing up our appetizers when the table behind us asked for a status update on their food and if it wasn't ready they wanted to leave.  Finally our salads came but our table for 2 was NEVER cleared of our appetizer plates, bread plates, empty glasses or the empty bread basket.  It was a challenge to find a place for our salads...and after all the wait the salads were blah.  I had ordered the nightly special small plate which was a salad.  something about the flavors just didn't mix well.  both my husband and I left unsatisfied and still hungry and at this point we had been there for an hour and half.  And to top it all off the staff cleaning the adjacent table spilled cocktail sauce on my new purse. The manager on duty offered me a gift certificate for the trouble, but did she honestly think we would come back again any time soon?  Her excuse for the poor experience "well it's a nice night, people are out and we are very busy" I understand all this, but that should inspire you to make your services even better, provide hot quality food and not take an hour and half to prepare 2 appetizers and 2 mediocre salads.  She had no apologies for the grease spot not one or the awful service.   SO in the words of the manager "if it's a nice night and people are out" and they are busy STAY AWAY!!!  you'll be just as disappointed with the food and service as we were.
