I was very excited about going to Cafe Luluc, I heard really good things about this place from other friends. Sadly my experience there was the worst I ever had in my life!. I went there with group of 8 people to dining at this establishment. First, we were greeted by a robotic and unfriendly waiter. He was not helpful or hospitable towards his customers. For instance, we asked him something regarding the menus, he replies with an attitude which suggests that he might hate his job and takes it out on his customers. Our waiter was the guy that was running the bar area during the early shift on 12-21-2012. Despite the waiter's rudeness, he got my order mess up with my neighbor. He didn't bother to ask me how I would like my burger? although, he had asked other people who order hamburgers. He got my order wrong cause he asked the wrong person " What temperature you would like your burger?" ( IT'S "How well would you like your burger?" or "How would you like burger?") I told him when he brought my burger back that is WELL WELL done and it too dry to be consume, he replies that I order it well done when he did ask me how I would had liked my burger. He asked my friend next to me which order a turkey burger, and that can only come well done!. When the burger actually came it was WELL done to a point where it was over done. Not only did he not notice he's mistake, but had the nerves to correct me that I order my burger well done and went back to ask the chef. When he finally got my order right After all that he finally got my order correct but at the point I no longer had an appetite  , After waiting 20 minutes for my first burger which was wrong and then another 20 minutes for my burger the second time. The service was horrible from the entire time we were there, from unfriendly host to an angry waiter. IF THE WAITER SO HAPPENS TO SEE THIS POSTING OF YOUR HORRIBLE SERVICE. I HOPE YOU KNOW THAT YOU JUST PISS OFF 8 CULINARY STUDENTS. From the 8 people you just lost 2 loyal customers that go there very often and has been saying good things about your service and food.
