This was my experience at this place earlier this year 2013, a few months ago.  I believe the nasty co-owner left a few months ago which is the best gift he could do for this business and not bringing it down with him.  He is supposedly a yoga teacher and master.  All those years of practicing yoga, meeting Yogis in India have been wasted on this man, his name is Charles Secallus.  I really hope you change your ways Chuck because you are a torch of negativity.   I do not wish ill on anybody and always try to support any business that tries to do the right thing through healing, nutrition or putting out any kind of positivity into the world. I would go out of my way to support these small businesses which is what I have done with the yoga/juice business Asana.  That place is a good 10 miles out of my way yet I go there instead of Whole Foods for juices, salads and soups. However, there is one thing I find troubling about this place and it is the negativity/ill vibes that emanates from one of the owner, the shortest guy in there. As soon as you walk in the place and he is there you can sense tension in the air.  I have been going there for almost a year and there's not one time where I can say I had a nice experience when that guy was there, perhaps I can say it's been from neutral to feeling UNwelcomed.  The other employees are super nice but when he is there they are tense. The man is cold, distant, arrogant and if you ask a question either he answers as if he is talking to himself without looking at you or seems annoyed you asked.   I walk in there with a great feeling and walk out feeling kinda weird ed out and annoyed. Makes me sad how the employees are great but if the owner is there they appear stiff as if they are walking on eggshells. I couldn't imagine working for someone as uncool as that. I bought $75 three living social coupons , one for a friend, one for my husband and one for me.  My husband is always working; he would never have the time to go anywhere, yet after explaining this, the owner would not allow I order two juice drinks from two punch card coupons (at $25 each) so I would have to drive to this location out of my way for just one juice drink. Not practical and if I knew the business, in this case the owner,  would not make common sense decisions I would have not bought three or any living social coupons. Supposedly the living social coupon expired about 2 weeks earlier at which point I still had most of the punch card unused.  One had 4 out of 5 unused segments and the other had 3 unused segments.  I told the owner I spend $50 on those and if he would honor a drink for that visit, to which he in a cutting way said "no, they are expired".  I said that didn't sound right and he said "I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK". Really dude?? Is that how you run a business and attract customers?  Your answer should have been they are expired but you can still order the cost of the coupon per Living Social rules which in this case was $50 minus the slightly used portions. What a nasty, idiotic dingdong,  not from this one time but from all the times I have walked away feeling like a dark cloud wrapped around me from being near him. I don't see a small business like this surviving much longer from someone who has no respect and total disregard from people that go to support his business. So ironic to have a clueless/disconnected owner running a yoga place.  I can see him working at the DMV, better yet  selling hot dogs in front of the DMV. I am spending my money elsewhere  and I am telling all my friends to seek out a much lighter, positive place.
