i love how all the people here say how they loved the place, are surprised with the not so great reviews, then go on to give the place 3 stars.  i then proceded to read some of the reviews and here were some of the reasons this place got 3 stars.... 1. not a lot of light, so couldnt read the menu.   2. location, someone goes on to mention the other 2 beer gardens nearby and goes on to write something about how this place was in the wrong neighberhood.  thank you mr demographics. 3. music - if you go out to a bar to sit there and listen to music, pat yourself on the back you just wasted bus money.  stay at home.   5 stars is what this placed deserved. this place was awesome.  awesome food.  awesome drinks.  beers, ciders (for those who think beer's too heavy), awesome bourbons/scotches/whiskeys, fruit beers, cocktails, and wine.  prices were good.  beers range from 7-10.  the hard alcohol double shot ranges around 30-40.  which may be a bit pricey...but...they usually give a little more.  my tender gave me like 2.5-3 shots.  if youre a manager focused on reducing costs, just kidding, i didnt just give that away.   service was very prompt.  open kitchen area allowed me to see exactly what they were doing.  the chefs were very friendly and even chatted and joked around with me.  food here was freaking awesome.  their german sausages could be made by a variety of meats...venison, rabbit, duck were all on the menu.  toppings could also be placed on these...a jalapeno coleslaw, fig spread, chorizo chilli, and more that i can't remember right now.   come on now.....fig spread? thats 5 stars right there.   i dont know how this place averaged a 3.75 star rating...oh wait...i  just figured it out...power hungry tards who drank too much hater-ade trying to be critics cause no one would give a damn what they said in real life.  sorry, i had some of the hater-ade myself.  i just cant stand how great places get shot down now from people who just have fun being bitter.  they're honestly ruining the reputation of a great place.
