Stay away from this one. What a terrible experience and embarrassing for a Jean-Georges restaurant. I am not sure he really knows what is going on in this place. We went there for a birthday celebration and were ready to have a great time. We made the reservation for 9:30pm just to be told when we got there that our reservation was for 10pm. I checked my BlackBerry and recovered the reservation I made through Opentable and it was indeed 9:30pm. After telling the hostess we were rushed to a table that has barely space for two people just to squeeze in with three people. I am not sure where they wanted to put the food....the table was packed just with the drinks and plates. I was literally sitting in the hallway and waiters rushed by behind me. By the time we sat down it was already 10:30pm....one hour past our initial reservation. What's the point of making a reservation when you have to wait for an hour. The manager came over and listened to our complaint about the table and offered to re-seat us once something else opens up...which we did. We ordered appetizers and each an entree....the pork chops and the baby-ribs...supposedly one of the best dishes this place has to offer. I am originally from Europe and my fiancee and sister are from South America and know what good meat tastes like. The meat was mediocre at best...no taste at all, except the fat on it...if that's what you like. The waiter never told us to "Enjoy your meal" nor did he come back to ask how everything is. Instead we were left with what was put in front of us. Terrible service and the food came out so late we had pretty much lost our appetite by then. The desert was a pumkin-spiced Tiramisu...which was recommended by our classy server as "you are going to love it". Two words: NO TASTE. Awefull....every corner bakery makes better pastries and deserts. One last thing about the wine....we had two glasses of the Chardonnay the bar tender recommended at $15 a glass....Trader Joe's had better wine for far less. Overall...a terrible experience and not worth the $$$$ or your time. Go elsewhere New York.
