After Saturday night's disrespectful actions of someone whom appeared to be the manager on duty (a short man with a mustache), I will never set foot inside your establishment again or recommend it to anyone else. On 10/22/2011 around 7 p.m., I took my girlfriend to Cuban Pete's for our anniversary. When we arrived I asked for a table for two, we were told the wait would be up to 40 minutes, I told the man with the mustache that we would be waiting outside the door by the seating area since there literally wasn't any space left in the waiting area to stand. I also asked him if it would be possible for someone to come and inform us when our table would be ready. The manager said that it wouldn't be possible because it was against Cuban Pete's policy to call people who were outside in the seating area and that we have to keep checking back with the hostess every 15 minutes. As I was explaining to my girlfriend what the manager had said, he came outside and asked me if there was a problem. I told him that I was just explaining to my girlfriend what he had just told me and also that I didn't see the problem with just having someone simply calling us over from the door way when our table was ready. He once again informed me that it wasn't in Cuban Pete's policy. I let him know that it would be the courteous thing to do for a patron especially since there wasn't any room to stand inside by the hostess table. The manager became visibly agitated and told us to leave in front of everyone, by that point all the other people waiting to be seated along with the diners were already curious as to what was going on, to say the very least it was one of the most humiliating experiences of my life and not to mention my girlfriend's. It's really hard to fathom that we were kicked out of a restaurant as if we were causing trouble when really the only actual problem was his lack of managerial skills and the lack of space in the waiting area. As small as that waiting area is it becomes less practical when you have staff members asking everyone to move out of the way and stand closer to the walls. It's obvious your restaurant is doing pretty well in the finance department, maybe it would be in your best interest and in your costumers if you allocated some of your finances to figuring out a better way to keep your customer happy, safe, and comfortable while they wait, after all the customers are what keeps your doors open
