I have been to The Industry numerous times for drinks, late night food, burgers and bubbles, and brunch. And every time we go back, it seems that things get slightly worse with each visit... Today was the icing on the cake. We will NOT be returning. My boyfriend and I came in for brunch, it was steady, but not crowded. My boyfriend asked for a bloody mary, and the waitress explained that they do a special "ghost of mary drink" (which he has had before, and did not like) which we communicated to her, and she simply told us that they "Don't do regular bloody marys. sorry." Please explain to me what fully functioning bar denies a typical, and often ordered brunch drink, just because they make a specialty one?? Last time i checked, (as a bartender myself) a blood mary is a STAPLE. The portions are a little on the small side, and from experience with a previous brunch we decided we both wanted the huevos rancheros and veggie omelet so we could share. Because my boyfriend knew he likes the huevos rancheros better, he decided that we would order two of those and one of the other. The waitress looked at him like he had two heads when he said 2 orders of the same dish, but whatever. So our food comes out, and instead of bringing 2 dishes, they put both huevos rancheros together in one dish... Ok, still not a big deal. So we begin to eat. When i tell you that 90% of the meat in the dish was INEDIBLE because it was ALL FAT, i am not exaggerating. Not one piece of meat was good. We come from a family of chefs and restaurant owners. Things like that should never happen. That dish should have never left the kitchen. So a good portion of the dish was left when the waitress came to collect our dishes. As a good waitress, she should have questioned why so much of the dish was left. So as an observant customer, and since The Industry has an OPEN KITCHEN, i literally watch the waitress take our dishes, go to the kitchen, and show the chef. HE LAUGHS, SHE LAUGHS and she continues to the dish station. I'm still not 100% sure what was so funny. Did the chef think he could get away with serving such terrible meat in a dish? Did he assume that it was for one person and didn't think they could finish it? Did they find it funny that so much of the dish was discarded? All of these answers point to a poor excuse for a chef. So to The Industry: if you are going to go posting all over the internet and facebook about how good your food is, make sure it's up to par. Watch what you do in an open kitchen, you never know who's watching. If you expect to be a well rounded bar, make sure you have the basics first.  Check up on your staff. Unfriendly cold waitresses really make a terrible meal even worse. And lastly please, please, brush up on your meat-carving skills. No one wants to eat that much fat EVER. Customers: You live in such a wonderful city for food. You can do much better than this place.
