Wow is all I can say! And this is coming from a West Indian lady from NY who has relocated to Jersey City, thankful that a fine Caribbean restaurant has finally graced this location. Heard about this restaurant from a girlfriend who said I must go sample the goods, and I must say I'm happy I did! Have since returned daily and have yet to be let down!!! On arrival you're greeted by sweet island tunes, just the right amount of sound in my opinion (I hate when I go to a restaurant and the music is so loud that I can barely hear myself think!), with a large flat screen on the wall, sweet aromas in the air, and aesthetically pleasing decor and design. At the register was Trevor (states that he is one of the owners) and his smiley daughters warmly welcomed me to the restaurant, offering samples of all the dishes to help in the decision making of my order. By this point I thought, "ok these ppl apparently pay attention to detail, let's see if the same was for the food".   I was beyond impressed! The jerk chicken was just right in my opinion - not so spicy that your tongue burns off, with just the right amount of kick to it. Not very dry, not very juicy, which is just how I like it. And the added special jerk sauce set the chicken off just right! This can be well enjoyed with or without the extra jerk sauce. Curry goat and chicken - beautiful marriage of flavors. Great consistency to both the meats and the sauce (I absolutely hate watery or too thick curry sauce, and I thought this was perfect). The owner stated that they only use organic chicken from a local farm in Jersey. Learning that they support the local farmers in this stanpoint really impressed me. Also, I'm a fan of goat... many places don't clean goat properly and thus get a funky after taste when eating it. Totally not the case with this dish. Mmmm... can't wait for more! :0) Oxtail - *sigh*... was divine! The meat was sooo flavorful, so nice and soft, in a delicious sauce of just the right thickness like the curry sauces. I was torn between this dish and the curry goat, but it was definitely a tough decision. Rice and peas - I think there were other rice options as well, but I chose this one. Just enough coconut flavors, spice blending, consistency of the rice. Not hard, not mushy. Soft. People tend to be funny about how they like their rice as different West Indian countries make their respective versions differently, however this one went great with my curry goat dish so I was happy. Beef patties - they use patties from Golden Crust, which I happen to love - not dry, exterior is just hard enough, the inner meat was not too salty like other patties I've tasted in other JC Caribbean restaurants. Needless to say it was delicious. Washed my meal down with their freshly made carrot juice which I loved. Was milky creamy, not too sweet like some places, tasted fresh. Was great in my opinion. Overall I'm thrilled that this new restaurant is in JC and less than 5 min from my place. I was introduced to the wife Penny who is one of the chefs, and the way her face lit up when I praised the dishes showed how much pride these people take in their products and what they deliver to customers. They took the time to introduce me to their children, warmly and patiently spoke to me about their establishment and what their vision for the restaurant is. True West Indian hospitality! This is the Caribbean restaurant I've been searching for on this side of the Holland :) I'm not a student, but I wish I was as their student special prices are rather attractive. But regardless, this lovely family run business will most definitely see me back there on a regular basis! Next I'll sample a fish dish and let you all know...
