Was just in town for a weekend visit. Decided to stop in  for some pizza with the boyfriend.  Sat down ordered, a couple sodas, and finally decided on a margarita pizza. Pizza arrives, waitress sets it down on a tray next to the table and walks away without saying a word.  Usually the waiter or waitress at least says something, if not serves the first slice, before leaving the table. So still, we  are okay with that and start in on our own. We did not sit around and wait because we were hungry. Well, the pizza was cold. Not freezer cold but not hot, like it had been sitting out. Ii was just warm. The PAN was hot, but the pizza itself was not. We call over the waitress and she tells me that no, the pizza IS hot. As if I don't know what I can feel? We try to explain it is cold but kept meeting resistance. Meanwhile I hear the waitress muttering about how I am complaining about how the pizza is cold. So I get angry and tell my boyfriend to pay for the drinks and we are leaving. He comes out and tells me he had to pay for the pizza! I go in and am told they can't refund it?! And I can talk to the manager. I go to the manager, explain how I ordered a pizza and it was cold, I get a run around, but am finally told she will give me a refund. We come out to the restaurant and she says she can NOT give me one. She says she thought it was for SLICES when I had just explained I ordered a pizza. And she says I don't know how it can be cold when it just came out of a 500 degree oven and I said I don't know either. She tells me that I shouldn't have waited 15minutes before deciding to eat it?!   What?  I did not wait 15minutes to eat. Seems to me somebody left our  pizza on a counter for 15minutes, after it came out of the 500 degree oven, before taking it over to our table!   Finally, after 20 or so minutes of arguing I got our money(minus paying for our sodas of course). Was a shame that the service was terrible. Guess it doesn't matter since I am not a local though, right? Not like they lost a potential regular customer.
