I'm sad to report that my friends and I had an absolutely terrible experience at Le Barricou. We went for a relaxing Sunday brunch only to be ignored by the waitstaff and then personally attacked by the owner when we voiced our (understandable) discontent. First of all, we sat for 20 minutes before our waitress even bothered to come over to take our drink orders never mind our meal orders. In those 20 minutes of waiting politely, we chatted and tried to enjoy the quaint and cozy atmosphere (no complaints there). Finally our waitress took our orders and then made herself scarce. We tried numerous times to call her attention after we had been waiting for about 40 minutes but she conveniently 'overlooked' our attempts. I understand that Sunday brunch is extremely hectic/stressful but I don't think that's any excuse for blatantly ignoring a table, especially when they've been waiting for their food for upwards of 40 minutes (ridiculous!). After finally getting a hold of the waitress at around the 45 minute mark and inquiring about our meals, the food promptly arrived (literally about a minute after we asked for it). However, it was overtly clear that it had been sitting on the line for more than a couple of minutes. The hollandaise was dry, the toast was soggy  and the salad was wilted (eggs left a little bit to be desired, they were eadible but starting to congeal, 5 more minutes and I would have sent them back). At that point we were all so ravenous (it was 1:30pm by that point and we had been sitting at the table since 12:40pm) that we dug into our food without protest. It was good, not great - certainly not worth the 45 minute wait. To top it all off, when one of my friends approached the manager/owner to express our discontent with the service (or rather lack thereof) he was extremely defensive (told us we knew nothing about the restaurant business - which frankly we do, we've all worked in restaurants before), got very aggressive (raise his voice), and told us not to bother coming back. If that weren't bad enough he continued to advise us to eat at a fast good restaurant next time if we were looking for quick service. I can't believe that the owner of a restaurant would customers with such blatant disrespect. It is called the "service industry" for a reason - you ought to respect your customers and at the very least listen to their feedback, especially when (like in our case) we were NOT attacking him, we were merely trying to let him know what our experience had been like so he knew what was going on in his restaurant. I don't want to harp on about the owner, but I have to say that he was unbelievably rude and downright offensive. I had been to Le Barricou before and had a fine experience - the food is good, the environment is nice, but the service and the owner are completely awful. If you like decent (not great) food and enjoy being verbally abused, this is the place for you! If not, my advice would be to check out one of the many other (and definitely better) restaurants in Williamsburg.
