Areal hidden gem. and less then 2 miles from the willowbrook mall. Me and my friend have been driving withen a few blocks of this place for years and never knew it was there. Its good to finaly find a place that plays modern music and not just stuf from 20 years ago. this is a real 21st century lounge. my friend and i were joking that it almost looks like the bridge of the enterprise in that new star treck movie. in other words its very white. but with cool glowing purples and blues that change the mood. there are mini video screens everywear that show music videos. So no matter wear you sit you can watch the videos. we saw the poker face video the other night. talk about shoulder pads. and the nuuf nuff song. last week we saw timber lake and madona doing that 4 minnuts to save the world song jumping alot of cars. And they had shikera wear else but on a beach with horse what's up with that. lol alot of realy modern  videos. Alot of realy post modern chairs and tables . wow like you realise you can have fun in the present. it doesnt have to always be about remembering an old song and dancing to a memory. interesting concept living in the here and now. other places should try it.  and the people that work there are very friendly.lol the drinks are the best tasting martinies ive ever had. This week i had the gummy bear martini with actual gummy bears at the bottom. and the tropical bliss. not only were they both sweet but they were strong. alot of vodka. A few of them and my friend and i were making sound affects ooooo. last week i had the chocolot eclair which is addictive. my friend Chris had 2 or 3 chocolots this week. When you walk in you walk over a glass fish tank. the fishes make faces at you if you lean over the railing. ooooohh. The seating at this place is very comfortable. So basicly if you are looking for a place that people would go to if they knew about it but is still unknown to many, and you want something with modern music great drinks and friendly people you can end your search. People who find 381 dont have to look any further. this is that place you are talking about when you say if only i knew a great place with great music wear i can also have conversation. if only i could stop looking. i think once you find 381the search is over. i think it is the, i wish they had a place like this place.  Its just the people saying that havnt found it yet.
