I wish I had remembered to order the pork buns. My experience might have been better. Given the hype and the price, I was expecting great  things from Ippudo. I must have gone at the right time because I was seated almost immediately and indeed the best part of my experience was the attentive but unobtrusive service. But, I had come for the food and in that area and given the high expectations, I was disappointed. I started with the fried chicken appetizer. The portion size was good but the chicken itself was competent but not amazing, which is a pretty good summation of the ramen as well. The chicken breading was slightly too oily but lacking in any distinct flavor or texture. the fresh chicken inside was cooked well but again lacked any personality. As to the ramen, I had a similar experience to others here. I ordered the Modern with the pork belly add-on. Without the pork belly, I would have gotten two thin slices of pork, a couple of cabbage leafs and really not a lot else. I seem to remember there were supposed to be mushrooms in this dish according to the menu but none were to be found in my bowl. The broth was again, competent but nothing to write home about and for a dish designed around a much-touted umami concoction, it lacked any exceptional umami. The noodles are very fresh but again, a recurring theme, lacked any exceptional qualities. My gold standard for noodles is Santoka and these noodles , although fresh, lacked the slightly unreal visual appeal and mouthfeel of those noodles. The pork belly saved all. It really is something special and the high point of my meal. Fatty and firm in turn, they really do pork belly right, here. Perhaps Ippudo suffers from it's own success but I don't see any reason for the hype or the higher end price for this bowl. The ingredients are fresh but My overall sense is  that Ippudo, having reached the top of the city's ramen mountain, has become complacent and is, at this point, phoning it in. I don't think all is lost but to charge premium prices for ramen, you need to provide a premium bowl, not something pedestrian and ungenerous.
