Today was my second time at Totto Ramen on 52nd x 9th. Logistics: 2/5 The shop opens at 1200 on Saturdays and in February, during my first trip to Totto,  I made the mistake of showing up at 1155, ensuing in a wait time of 1.5 hours. Never again! Today, I showed up with my friend at a respectable 1125 and added my name to the clipboard list on the door (#13 in line). Though it was raining, we waited under the awning as a crowd began to gather. All was well until 1155, when a waitress unceremoniously clipped a handwritten note onto the clipboard proclaiming that due to construction, the shop would open at 1300, culminating in a volley of disappointed curses and mutterings among the gathered crowd. My friend and I decided to walk around Hell's Kitchen and drown our sorrows in a glass of sangria or two. Ambiance: 3.5/5 On this Saturday, the early Totto crowd consisted of a mostly well-dressed, young Asian professionals and young Asian families. There is very limited waiting space outside the store and guests are not allowed to sit on the stairs. In the wintertime chill, this wait can be very uncomfortable without someone's hand to hold. At opening time, the hostess will remove the clipboard from the door and begin calling names; she is not particularly loud, so know where you stand on the list as you may lose your spot if you're not careful. Once you finally make it inside past the jealous eyes of guests still stuck outside, however, you enter the lovely narrative of the owner's vision- As you enter the narrow and dimly lit walkway, the friendly kitchen staff greets you. You will be guided past the bar lined with magical pots full of steaming white chicken stock and trays of roasted pork-belly to a table or bar seat already stocked with neatly stacked tableware and a glass of water. My friend and I sat at the far end of the bar and were immediately handed menus by a waiting waitress. The kitchen was extremely organized and communicated clearly with one another- creating appetizers and bowls of noodles assembly-line style. Food: 4.5 We ordered the Spicy Tuna Don for an appetizer, the extra spicy Totto ramen and the Totto miso ramen; I am saving ordering the well-regarded char siu pork buns for a special occasion.   The spicy tuna don was well-mixed, well-balanced, and texturally pleasing. The flying fish roe, cucumber, and puffed rice made a great crunchy contrast with the slick protein of pulverized marinated tuna. The rice had a beautiful vinegar balance. When the dish was eaten as a sum of the components, however, the tuna would overall have benefited from a slightly lower sodium/soy sauce content. The extra spicy Totto ramen was served as the normal Totto ramen accompanied by a small container of freshly made pepper paste. The dried red peppers were roasted, chopped, and steeped in fragrant oil with chopped peanuts. The milky broth of the ramen was well-balanced, but can become very salty when boiled down. Its velvety texture and freshness is superior so far to the other ramen places I have visited in the city so far (Jin, Terakawa, Ajisen). The ramen noodles themselves were beautifully al dente, almost perfectly avoiding the floury bite in the center of under-cooked noodles. They were eggy, fresh, and just really enjoyable to eat in a half-spoonful of broth and a dab of hot pepper emulsion. I did not get to try the Totto miso ramen today, but I recall from my last trip that the marinated half-egg was pretty spectacular. Unfortunately, Totto does not have takeaway containers; indeed, it must be a rare occurrence for bowls be less than completely emptied. Today was such an occasion for me, however, as I had indulged in sangria and some deliciously crisp shoestring fries during the extra hour wait for ramen. The staff did not protest my bringing my own tupperware (Gristedes is 2 blocks away) to carry away my noodles, however. Thank goodness, because the noodles did not lose their texture come dinnertime. I greatly enjoyed Totto during both my visits despite the egregious dissonance between the inner atmosphere of the shop and the outside world trying to squeeze its way inside. If you are willing to wait for a special taste experience, by all means, Totto is worth it. I look forward to trying the new Ippudo on UWS for comparison soon. Can't wait! S
