Only reason for two stars is because yelp filters a lot of one star reviews. So this is a one star review. Ok to begin as we're walking in we were walking in and said to an employee we have a reservation and would like to sit Inside, he replied "Oh your THE reservation". I was not the only one who heard the emphasis on the word "the", hinting that we were somewhat a burden because our reservation was at 9. So dinner begins and our server comes over quickly to get a drink order and spills water all over the place with his shaky hands. Some of which hit me. Now mind you at this point I hadn't gotten upset so I'm going with the flow. Skip to apps and the waiter is clueless on the menu, I ordered the raw bar for two and he says "Are there crab legs on there"? I said back "I don't know you tell me" . So he doesn't know the menu right off the bat. Apps come and we ask for plates and he slams them on the table and walks away. Apps weren't good, small portions of calamari. The ice used for the shellfish platter had melted so fast it was leaking on our pants. We had to ask it be removed. So when we ordered our dinners, again the waiter was clueless as how many veal chops / lamb chops he had. So my guest orders and the waiter comes back and said oh I found out we had one small lamb left and not the veal. So my guest changed his order. The waiter was slow in bringing drinks, he left a bottle of white wine on the table , not in an ice bucket. Dinner arrives and the waiter spills the hot pepper oil on my jeans. So those are ruined. And I cut I to my filet and it's overcooked. Now I'm mad. I went looking for a manager , couldn't find one so I waited at the table about 5 minutes and the waiter says, "the manager is going to buy you a drink. I asked to speak with her at that point and she kind of stepped in from that point to make our night a little better. We even noticed Jake was having a bad night and tried to make small talk at the beginning so soothe It out so he wouldn't take it out on us. We get it , you wanna go home early, it's Friday, your 20. So go work somewhere in the daytime, not in a restaurant that closes at 11. We will never go back. This young staff doesn't care. And at one point in the beginning of the night  Adam came over (confused) and said he would be our server. We said hey what's going on and he replied "good i should be outta here In an hour and I'll go home" wait...you greet your table saying your leaving In an hour? So I guess well rush our dinner for you...guys TIP MEANS "To Insure Proper service" .... Remember that.
