First of all, this is my first review  Ever.  Hubby and I are not chic, metropolitan trendsetters, by any stretch of the imagination.  Just a typical, suburban couple who go into the city a few times a year, for a dinner and a show.  But we are well traveled, and go abroad every year, so have some sense of  what is a good deal.   Value is important to us, obviously.  Dinner and a show, with transportation, is a treat for us.  We want good food, good service and good prices.  Basso 56 did NOT disappoint. I am always in charge of picking our restaurant, and, sadly, have been disappointed more often, than not.  I heavily rely on yelp, will analyze reviews, and the restaurants website, etc...Usually, if the food is good, the service isn't...or the place feels pretentious...or...well...you know... Not so, here.  We arrived, VERY early, (5 on the dot), as we wanted to have dinner, stop somewhere else for drinks, and make it to the 8pm show.  The place is bright, but not too bright.  Friendly hostess, took our coats, and we our waiter was friendly and attentive...It all went SO smoothly.  We were the only ones there, so bear this in mind.  I am not sure how service is when they are fully packed, but...our service was seemless...Good recommendations by our server...Burrata was SUPERB...if it is on the menu, DO IT!  Luscious cheese, wrapped in proscuitto, a nice serving of greens in the middle...truffle oil adds the perfect smoky touch...Wine list runs the gamut...We ordered 'by the glass' and were pleased...Hubby got the filet, as I read so many good reviews about it, and it was SO good.  I had the beet/spinach salad, and a fettucine special, and both were yummy.  Delicious apple streudel desert, cappuccinos and an limocello ended the meal.  All for about $150.   Good portions, good service and excellent food makes this a winner, in my book.  This included drinks, apps, entrees, coffee and desert.   Overall, I would not hesitate to say, GO!  The only con I can come up with is we almost had a little TOO much attention.  But this is a fine line to walk, as a server, and when there are only two patrons, in the whole place, well...I'd rather have that, than the other option!
