Went on Saturday night to see Soul Cruisers band. Made a reservation for a table to have dinner so we would have spot to watch the band from. Was supposed to be near the band, ended up in the back all the way on the other side of the bar, couldn't see the stage. Odered simple food, Crabcake appetizers that were fishy, low quality, and simply Awful. Most ordered sliced steak, chicken, or burgers. The service was abysmal, waited 1:40 for our food. Everyone was so hungry was asked for Bread & Butter, waitress thought we were out of our minds, she ignored it, had to ask 4 times before they actually brought ONE small sandwich roll sliced into 5 pieces and toasted for a table of 8, with no butter. So we asked 3 more times for butter, and by the time they brought the butter there was no more bread left. So we asked for more bread, took 20 minutes to get another half roll, and we questioned it, the staff said they "had to limit how much bread they could give each table". REALLY ? We were spending $300 on dinner for 8 and they could only spare 1 1/2 rolls ???? That was not the worst of it, the food was mostly inedible, just terrible. Burgers that were ordered Med Rare came so well done that they weren't eaten. One specific burger was ordered with the included fried onions on the side, but when they realized they already put them on, someone must have picked them off in the kitchen before delivering the food. The problem was they were already melted into the cheese, indented, and many were still there. The bottom line is this is a BAR, NOT a resturant, they have no business serving food, they care less about the food, it is horrible, don't go to eat there, just go for the bar and entertainment. Bif thumbs down on the food, would have done better at McDonalds. Oh and we complained the the manager about the service and although he appeared to talk to our waitress, didn't really make any difference, and he NEVER came back to check on us, he could also care less. But we did see him out on the dance floor dancing with the guests. Oh, and just because we ate dinner there, we still had to pay the $12 pp cover charge, and weren't allowed in the door without it, couldn't even just put it on our dinner / table check, felt like low class citizens paying at the door when we were there to eat dinner and spend lots of money. Our total crowd celebrating someone's birthday was 14 people.
