ROTTEN PIZZA by the BRAIN DEAD And that's not strong enough for what I encountered on my visit.  I cannot believe the rave reviews on Yelp (which is why we came) and you shouldn't either.  These reviewers must not get out much.   The guy tending the front door needs a lobotomy to get a personality or even care that he is alive.  Every person that worked there seemed to be medicated.  No excitement, no enthusiasm, no passion.  You know it's going to be bad when an ITALIAN restaurant has no passion. (I am Italian and frequent Italian spots).  Oh, and I always go to an Italian restaurant to listen to Latin music --- yes, they had Latin music playing.  As to the decor, they really did it up -- three 8X10 photos of Frank Sinatra in drugstore frames hung on longer than 20 foot wall made you feel like, well, you were in a cheap drugstore.   This pizza doesn't have any of the great attributes of coal or brick oven pizza and if you've ever had a good one, you'll see right away -- this ain't it.   I have never tasted a more flavorless, unsatisfying pizza in my life and I'm over 50.     Did you ever have to ask for salt in a pizza parlor?  We had to, that's how lousy it was.  Cheap, ordinary ingredients hastily prepared by the brain-dead.  I guess the basil leaves cooked into all the pizzas were supposed to really connect them to Italian food --  how pathetic.  The tomato sauce tasted like it came out of a can, the crust was thin, soggy and bland, the toppings were sparse and flavorless.  The cheese was Polly-O -- run of the mill, cheap cheese made by Kraft -- not at all high-end or befitting a supposedly great pizzeria.   Seems like this place cut back on all the ingredients once they got a following to make more money.  Speaking of money, it's  ALL CASH by the way.   They are clear about that in a big sign and on the menu -- NO credit cards, NO delivery, NO reservations, No This, No That.  They don't deserve to be in business because they simply don't like or appreciate their customers who wait in line to be served crummy pizza. We also had what they called an antipasto -- four pieces of supermarket genoa salami with a tasteless slab of thick mozzarella on each and a pile of mediocre roasted peppers in the center.  No spices, no oil, no nothing.   We couldn't believe that a place that was so popular took so little pride in their food.  It was nothing short of disgraceful.  The owners and workers are on autopilot and judging on the look on the customers who came out, they were too.  No one was happy, laughing, enjoying.  Everyone was simply bland just like the food.   The bathrooms were located on the third floor with inadequate lighting, the ladies said the toilet was broken and there was no more toilet paper.  Another woman who was in urgent need used the men's room which was dirty.  Neither rest room had a lock.   I cannot think of one reason to go here nor will my presence every grace their doorway again.  If you think this is good pizza think again.
