I've been to the Sidecar dozens of times over the years and now that I'm yelping I feel I must write a review of this place.  This place is one of my favorites in Philadelphia.  Their food is great and runs the gambit from simple pub fare to fine dining.  There draft list is a constantly rotating selection of gems and if you're a hop head in search of that perfect IPA, this is definitely the place.  Two trips ago they had Russian River's Pliny the Elder on tap, which if you know your beer, is not only awesome but rare in Philly. The service is excellent.  Recently they have hired some new servers.  I'm not so fond of one or two of them, but I must say, I was there for Sunday brunch a few weeks ago and I was waited on by one of the best servers I've ever had there.  I didn't catch his name but I've seen him before and he always wears a blue cycling cap with the brim flipped up.  He was brilliant.  I think he knows as much about beer as anyone I've ever been waited on by in Philadelphia.  Seriously, he knew where every beer on tap was from and everything about all the bottles when we ran out of drafts to try.  He ended up getting me and my sister (who has a crush on him by the way) 2 or 3 samples of different drafts and we were fully impressed. Good hire on that one Sidecar. I had the beef cheeks last month and they were cooked to perfection.  At brunch a few weeks ago I had the biscuits and chorizo sausage gravy and my sister had her usual black been burger (vegi) and we were both fully impressed.  The bloody mary's are some of the best in the city and if I lived in graduate hospital I would come to brunch every weekend.  Just make sure you go on a Saturday or come early cos this place fills up on a Sunday and I'm not much for waiting.   One more note before I end this review.  I have noticed that many of my fellow yelpers have complained about the "hipsters" that work and/or frequent this place.  I would like to say that this is not a hipster bar.  Sure some of the servers and bartenders have tattoos, and dress informally, but that doesn't make them hipsters.  There is really a great group of people working at this place, especially this kid with the blue hat, and I don't think it's fair to label any of them hipsters.
