Quality not consistent and very poor attention to customers ... even to loyal customers! I have been working in the Yale campus area since September, in the past month I went to Atticus every week, multiple times, sometimes for lunch, sometimes for breakfast, often for a cappuccino, sometimes for a sandwich or a soup to go... At the beginning it seemed to be the perfect cafe/bookstore in the neighborhood. In fact, last Wednesday I was about to write a great review... but that is when I started having some terrible experiences... 1. I asked for a sandwich to go. When the blond lady at the counter got the sandwich from the kitchen, she looked puzzled, then she went to the back, she put some bread in my bag and handed to me. I was confused (why did she give me more bread?), but I tend to trust people (especially when they know me as a regular customer)... so I thanked her and I walked out with my bag. When I opened my lunch I was in shock: they gave me a sandwich, which was not actually a sandwich it was a joke! It was 1 inch wide, 1/2 inch thick and 6 inches long ... basically a stick! Clearly, the blond lady was aware that the sandwich was insufficient in quality and quantity and she put in my bag 3 pieces of bread and 3 portions of butter to compensate. But that is not what I paid $10 for! I wanted a sandwich not bread and butter. That stick-pretending-to-be-a-sandwich was not edible (not even sure how they generated it...). I wanted to write a nasty review right away but then I thought I should give it another try for good balance. Unfortunately they let me down again... and again... 2. I went back for a large black bean soup with cream and onions on a side. They gave me a small one and they put everything inside. It is also my fault that I did not check inside the bag before walking out of the store... But, again, I really tend to trust people... I am all for second and third chances, so I went back again... 3. Today I was feeling unwell immediately after a minor surgery. I needed some nutritious food to regain my energies and decided to go to Atticus for lunch. There were several tables available, I waited to be seated, I ask not to seat at the counter because climbing up the stool was painful after my surgery, they let me sit at a normal table with 2 chairs. I waited for 10-15 minutes (it was very uncomfortable, I was feeling really weak), they were serving the people around me but not me. Finally a girl came to my table and told me that she needed the table for a couple (they just arrived!) and that I could only be served at the counter. Clearly they were making me wait on purpose! I explained the reasons why I could not sit at the counter... she did not even listen and she took the menu from me!! I asked if - considering that I waited 15 minutes I could at least order with her and take away. She said I should go back in line at the counter and order there for take-away. How unfair! She did not even apologize for the inconvenience. How horrible! I went at the counter -- I would have walked away but I was so weak that I really needed some food as fast as possible. The guy at the counter looked puzzled to see me (he was the one who let me sit at the table). I explained my situation hoping to be allowed to sit at a table (there were 4 tables available at that point)... I was completely ignored. I asked for a black bean soup with cream and onions on a side... once more they put everything inside. I paid for a large water, I was given a small one! Seriously people!? I am now looking for another café ... very sad.
