The look of the store is very nice looking inside & outside(although outside sometimes is crowded).I checked all the reviews before i tried this store,The very 1st time we came in i asked for a (greek slouvaki) i had tasted it previously on the boardwalk in wildwood NJ,it was soooo good.I asked what the proper name was he said greek slouvaki. Present day philly, 1st go online search for souvlaki, find greek lady, read reveiws ,get their make order for greek slouvaki (hurray they got it right!!) so i tried in vein 4 more times after that to get yet another greek slouvaki,well obviously someone changed the meat because ever since that 1 time,no matter how many times i go their make an order, i get these dam cubes of chicken everytime. I was told this is their greek slouvaki,i discribed the brownish meat that kinda looks like fried scrapple when u cut it thin,that's when she said that's the lamb slouvaki,okay give me the lamb,well what do ya know income those dam chicken cubes again,tried telling me that's lamb,then they said just ask for the plain slouvaki-again chicken cubes,i asked could they not put the fries on slouvaki,i was told NO they can't do that. So that 1st time i ever ordered & someone their got it right greek slouvaki, ever since then they've changed every slouvaki i had into the chicken cubes. so i got frustrated and haven't been back since.Also most of them don't call your name when food is done,so you have to stand close to look for your order,or at least you'll hear them atempting to pronounce your name by whispering (sharon). Other than that i guess their pretty okay.OHH by the way if you ask for a burger they for some reason don't have any round rolls,so at times they'll offer you a long hoagie roll only if you ask them what other rolls/bread they use for the burgers,other than that they don't tell you anything. Mostly they give you this blank stare like why are you asking questions & the college kids behind the counter at times, look at you the same with that blank stare.So if you want a greek slouvaki you mine as well keep searching because they luv giving me the chicken cubes instead.Maybe because i'm of another color,Huuummm! Thinking! So my search will continue,till i find the greek slouvaki i had in wildwood nj on the boardwalk & the very 1st time @ the greek lady. Toodles
