The two-star rating lists in brief summary: "Meh. I've experienced better." And "meh" is exactly how I feel after trekking down to Obao for their 'Michelin Recommended' Pho Bo. First off: This is an Asian fusion restaurant. It is not a Vietnamese place, nor is it a pho joint. You will open your menu to review the pho options only to find the most remarkable thing: a _lack_ of options to choose between. There is "pho bo"; it is good enough for Obao, so it is good enough for you. Welcome, neighbor. Enjoy your beef, if you can. There are some minor additions that you can tack on for an extra fee, but there is absolutely no core variety. You want some tripe? Sorry. Tendon? Not here. Looking for pho dac biet? ELSEWHERE, SIRS AND MADAMS, for this is not your place. You will not see condiments at the table. Chili paste is absent. Culantro, when provided with your pho, is of the tiniest possible sprig; barely enough to season a few spoonfuls. Dollops of Sriracha and Hoisin sauce are given because they presume that's what uneducated people think pho is all about. You will get bean sprouts. If you like bean sprouts, you will be well pleased; bean sprouts are about to happen. But should they be the memorable part of your pho? I think not at all. Lime? A quarter-share of an undersized specimen, and count yourself fortunate. Let's move to the heart of the pho - the broth. Without a solid broth, pho is nothing. My broth tonight was deeply unfulfilling. The broth ought to be rich, teeming with delicious fats and flavors extracted by simmering marrow-filled bones into well-rendered stock. What I actually got was a pale, tepid impersonation, flavorless to the point of being tap water, and if it saw a marrow-bone at all, it was only to have one dragged through for the need to honor the form of the thing. I have made richer soups from bouillon cubes. I have tasted better stock from a can. So disappointing, when I had my heart set on pho. Next we discuss the meat. Keep in mind that if you're used to thin slices of rare meat atop your pho, you're usually ordering "tai"; with the rubbery meatballs, "bo vien"; plain "pho bo" is just pho with beef (unspecified) involved in some way. If this sounds unappetizing, it is because it is so. The meat was overdone, having sat too long either in the broth or under lamps for temperature control; the texture, rubbery; the flavor, absent. Certainly not dispersed through the broth, such as it was. Last, the noodles. These were a thin vermicelli type of unremarkable origin. Texture, flavor, and doneness were all fine. I have nothing clever to say about the noodles aside from openly wondering if they were boiled in water I was later served in lieu of proper broth. Noodles happened. They were not enough to earn favor. Tonight I am a sad man. I add a single star above the minimum purely because the Thai iced tea was passable, even though by the taste I feel it sure came from a mix I know well from my local Asian grocery. $3 a glass; more like six packets for $3, add water. But it's New York. We accept a near 12% food tax on our dinners. I will not let $3 tea dissuade me from enjoying the one bright flavor of my evening.
