"Osteria is an italian word which means a humble village eatery; a place where a warm welcome from the family awaits each and every guest, a place where all food is comfort food because you just feel comfortable being there."                  And let me tell you Osteria Procaccini delivers in more than one ways, besides pizza delivery (Which is totally fine due to their staff/ size of space). I have been here to meet relatives, dates with my girlfriend (3 year anniversary coming up soon) I CAN THANK OSTERIA FOR THAT! I have met friends, and sometimes I just like to treat myself. I don't really know where to start this review. I guess I can start with the food since it is a restaurant!       .... The food is excellent! It is hands down the best pizza I have ever eaten. It really prides me to have Osteria so close to home. From pizza, antipasti, panino, and insalata (Translation, Panini's, appetizers, salads, and this may stump some... but PIZZA!) I just fall in love with this place! Everything is handled with care and true consideration. You can almost taste the dirt (kidding) from when the ingredients were picked ripe, from the ground, and cooked to perfection. I constantly tell my friends and family about this place because I want their tastebuds to share the same joy as mine!           The service is great!! Though I don't go during necessarily busy times, everytime I go in and get greeted and feel welcomed. I usually pick up, but have sat down to eat many of times. The waitress' are knowledgeable, nice, and very attentive.  AKA they know when I want a refill which is much appreciated!          One thing to leave from this place is that it's simply the pinnacle of what local pizzerias should be. The food is great, the pizza great, everything great!  It's hard to open and run your own local business this day and age, and its great to see one with such high standards and consideration for their costumers. If you aren't a big fan of pizza it is a great atmosphere to come just experience and support. They even support other local business' by hanging up art from local galleries! Just everything about this place screams home! I hope to have Osteria standing for future generations(which I don't doubt one bit), I know it is new to the Kingston area, but it stands out as a landmark!
