While the ambiance of Rats is wonderful, one should not be mesmerized by it. The dinner service was disjointed. The servers were frenetic and the simple points of serving, i.e., which side to serve and clear, replacing utensils, etc. were apparently foreign concepts to these servers. The owners need to school their servers on how to provide a proper dinner service. If anything the bus boys were more attentive than the servers themselves. As we progressed from appetizers through the main courses, we had to constantly search for our server to clear plates. No matter how delicious and wonderfully presented the food is, finding room on the table or piling up the spent dishes takes away from the dinner experience. Even the manger who was walking the floor to chat up the clients was oblivious to the service issues and more interested in suggesting the consumption of more wine. The servers essentially plopped the various plates on the table and dashed before clearing empty plates or questions could be asked, e.g., what were the artisanal cheeses on the plate, etc . The food was unremarkable. Both entrees were luke warm; either the chef could not decide whether the dishes should be hot dishes or cold dishes to counter the hot weather, or the service was so slow that the hot dishes cooled down. For example, the magret duck which should have had crisped skin was rubbery and luke warm, while the crispy lobster "tempura" was cool and definitely not crispy (the soggy steamed vegetables placed around the lobster did not help in keeping any sort of crispness; try plating on the side or get the service out quicker). When we did catch a server and commented on the entrees, the look was "so what" and promptly walked away. Rats was not overly crowded that night so I could not determine what contributed to the disjointed service and mediocre food. If one wants to be considered one of the top restaurants in the area (and charge accordingly), one needs to consistently have quality service and food. They should not rely on the "Grounds for Sculpture" / Rats ambiance to make up for this; it should add to the dinner service.
