Really good dinner.  I will be coming back here again to try other things on the menu.     It may not have been the awesome experience my foodie-friend and I expected from reading the other reviews, but it was REALLY good and very affordable.   (In the spirit of full disclosure, my friend and I are both Black moms who cook Soul food as a regular thing).  But this was a girl's night out, away from our families and kitchens for a change.  We arrived at about 8:30 on a Wednesday night and found every table but two in the small, but well lit and inviting little restaurant, full.   For starters, we ordered the Jamaican Shrimp with spicy citrus  dressing to share.  The sauce over it was way too spicey-hot for my taste buds to fully enjoy the fresh shrimp underneath a crusty, and a little bit burnt covering.  I liked that they took the tail shell off before serving, but I wouldn't order this again.     To drink, my friend ordered the lemon ginger tea and was in heaven.  I tried it and I agreed, it was delightful.     She had the Catfish Basket with collards, slaw and corn bread.  It was excellent.  I tried some, and found it to be the best and freshest tasting catfish I've ever had.  She didn't care for the slaw (minced) and I admit it looked almost like the tarter sauce poured over the two huge pieces of fish.  Other than that, she really loved everything else and said she would order this again.       I had the Fried Chicken Basket with Mac N Cheese.  The chicken was excellent, moist on the inside, crispy and well seasoned on the outside.  So much better than the huge (single) fried chicken breast and thigh I had at the Red Rooster in Harlem (covered in gravy, sat on two wimped out collard green leaves, no bread or other side and outrageously overpriced).  At Pies N Thighs, I was served 3 big pieces of chicken and could only finish one because of the Shrimp appetizer, my A&W Root Beer and that crazy good, humongous biscuit.  Yum!   Sorry to say, the Mac N Cheese was another story.   When my kids were growing up, I perfected my mother-in-law's Southern recipe and made this several times amonth and also on holidays as a staple.  The Pies N Thighs style of Mac N Cheese just wasn't very good in comparison.  I debated about sending it back and only decided to mention it when our waitress came by and asked how we liked everything.  She was nice enough to switch my side for collards-- and they were divine!  (I don't even make them that good).  The waitress brought me a cereral bowl size of collards; which ended up going home with half the biscuit and the remaining chicken-- more than enough food for another full meal.  Wow, for $13, that's really impressive.       About the Mac N Cheese:  I found it too watery-- and yet there was a kind of grittiness or graininess to the cheesy sauce that the elbow macaroni swam in (kind of like the corn meal or bread crumbs used for the Jamaican Shrimp?)  it also had a touch of hot sauce poured over the top which I didn't care for.   When reading the dessert menu, it was hard to decide.  Everything sounded so good.  We decided to share the plate of Hot Apple Pie and vanilla ice cream. It was to die for!, making up for my disappointment with the original side I'd selected.  Excellent in every way: from the flakey, buttery crust, to the crunchy, not too sweet apple filling.     However, we thought we'd ordered the Fried Apple Pie that was on the menu with the ice cream, but we didn't.  I only know that because of how it was charged on the bill ($6.50).  Apparently, you have to say "Fried Apple Pie" to get the one for $5 that includes the ice cream.   There's another Apple Pie that comes with cheddar ($4), and that's what was given to us.  I didnlt mind the mix up on the bill because the regular Apple pie was THAT good-- and the waitress had been so nice about the Mac N Cheese.       I can't wait to go back for Brunch or lunch with my family when they serve Chicken and Waffles.  Yum one more time!
