Have been there twice and even though I desperately want this to be my favorite restaurant in the entire state because I love the location, patio, live music, look of the inside of the building, staff is friendly, and even the food is pretty darn good, I can't rate it more than 2 stars.  Both times (lunch on a Sunday and dinner on a Saturday) the kitchen service was the absolute SLOWEST I have ever experienced at any restaurant in my entire life.  I'm not even someone who notices things like that because I'm content to have an extra drink or two if I'm waiting for a meal, but when you combine the SLOWEST kitchen with a teeny-tiny bar that is trying to serve walk-up patrons, people sitting in the bar, and the servers who are trying to keep their diners happy, even the bar slows down so the drinks don't come as quickly as they could!  We had 730 reservations for 4 for dinner, and after having a drink in the bar while we waited for our table we were finally seated by about 745.  Not a big deal as the patio was awesome and live music was fun.  To make a long story short, our meal did not come out until 930!!!!!!!!  And during that time we only got I think 2 rounds of drinks (maybe 3) because even the drink service was slowed down.  We could see the owner yelling at the kitchen staff like it was an episode of Hell's Kitchen!  We were comped a round of drinks, which was nice, but when your guests don't order dessert or a last round of drinks because you're afraid you'll be there for another hour, that's not good news for a restaurant because you're just losing money.  I love love love what Lou's can and probably will be, but after experiencing the same slow service twice in a row for two different kinds of meals, I will either think twice about going there again or if I do I'd consider ordeing everything at once including apps, 2-3 rounds of drinks, and entrees!  I can't believe no one else has commented on the slowness of the kitchen, and I certainly don't want anyone to think that I jumped all over this after one bad meal there.  I'm sure I'll go back but if the service is that slow for a third time I'm going to offer constructive feedback to the staff.
