I'd really like to give this place 5 stars, but I'm torn.  I've been here twice now, and had the same unsure 50/50 experience both times.  In short, the service was 1 star, the food (except sushi) was 5 stars, and the sushi was 2 or 3 stars.  If you're not in a rush and don't mind making dinner a 2+ hour event, and you're just whatever about sushi, sit, relax, have a few drinks, and order an app and an entree.  You'll be blown away.  But don't be in a hurry, on a date, or be looking for a mind blowing sushi experience. This review is about my most recent experience, which was at 8:00pm on a Saturday.  They were busy, but not slammed - when we arrived, nobody else was waiting to be seated. We asked to be seated, and the tables were full, so we asked to sit at the bar with a menu and maybe order an appetizer until a table was ready (she said about 15 minutes).  It took a good 20 minutes for our drink order to be taken - which is a bit ridiculous for an 8 person bar.  In the bartender's defense, she did seem to have 5 jobs including the hostess.  After a good 35-40 minutes, she finally sat someone - a group that was waiting by the door.  Then another.  They were both 4-tops, so I was hoping that's why she didn't seat us.  Finally, she came over to ask us if we wanted appetizers, which we ordered.  Then she sat a 2-top that had just arrived.  When she came back, she set us each a full place setting and I realized she was planning to just serve us fully at the bar.  This was a special occasion for us, so I spoke up and asked to be seated at a table - she seemed a little annoyed.  We were happy to finally have a table, so we let it go, no big deal. So it's been an hour and we're finally seated, we're were at the table for another 10 minutes, and the appetizers were brought out.  We took a good 20 minutes to slowly eat them - nobody came over once.  In fact, any server only passed by 2 or 3 times in that 20 minutes, perhaps because of where we were seated.  Still, we kind of got lost in the system, which was frustrating considering how small the place is.  I remember service being very slow last time, as well.  I mean, I don't want to be picky, but we arrived and sat at the bar at 8, didn't get our drink orders taken until 8:20, we weren't seated until 9 (even though there were at least 3 bussed tables after 8:30) and we didn't get to order our entrees until 9:30 or so.  Dinner ended up becoming the entire evening, instead of the start of the evening. However, the appetizers were absolutely amazing.  The lobster ravioli and crab rangoon were to die for, and were beautifully presented with a delicious orange sauce.  The crab rangoon was the best I've ever had, hands down.  The beef satay had an amazing flavor.  Their miso soup is also the most flavorful miso I've ever had, anywhere. The cooked entrees were also wonderful.  I had the house duck, which was perfectly cooked and succulent, with a delicious homemade (at least it seemed) sweet and sour sauce that had the perfect hint of spiciness.  My wife had the pan-seared rib-eye, which was cooked to a beautiful medium rare, even better than the last steakhouse we went to, and came with a very nice sauce.  We couldn't have asked for our entrees to be done better. I wish the same could be said about the sushi, I really do.  I'm by no means a sushi expert, but this was far from my best sushi experience in the area.  I kind of remember not being impressed last time, but I'm not going to a place with a sushi bar and not ordering at least something!  I thought I'd make a good choice and get the chef's plate - let them pick out what looked best today or is their favorite.  Unfortunately, I got a very typical assortment - tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and sweet shrimp.  Also, they weren't well prepared - one of my pieces had some skin left or something - it was silvery, I couldn't bite through it.  More importantly, the fish, while it looked and smelled fresh enough, was chewy and rubbery.   The dessert was great, and overall the prices are reasonable - $15-30 entrees, $7-15 appetizers, $8 desserts.  The atmosphere is also great, very calm and the place is well designed and beautiful. It's obvious the chefs there know what they're doing and are very skilled, but both times I've been there the service was pretty bad (another reviewer, Bob K recently seemed to have the same experience we did so I know it's not just us) and the sushi was surprisingly sub-par considering they have a sushi bar. Like I said, I was blown away by the duck and my wife loved her rib-eye, so odds are I'll keep trying this place, especially at least once on dollar sushi night - hopefully they stock up with fresher fish for a deal like that.  And maybe we've just had some bad luck with the service, I can appreciate that.  But overall, for as delicious as the food is, I'm wary of bringing my wife again because at points throughout the night, things did get a little tense due to the poor service.
