First went to Soco a few weeks before the grand opening . The Grand Opening was in late July, so im guessing late June is when I first went. They were only open sporadically then and they were testing out the drink and food menu and they were training the staff. To be fair, i must state that i am one of the unofficial "Mayors" of Brooklyn and especially of the restaurant/lounge/club/social scene in fort greene/clinton hill/bed stuy/crown heights. Live in brooklyn my entire life and Fort Greene from 1992 to 2006. See my first Yelp writeup of Nobar as Ive just begun to document some of my ventures after about a thousand suggestions to do so. Now to the place Soco. Beautiful looking place. Owned by family who owns Negril on LaGuardia Place in Manhattan. Bar is awesome and run by a guy named George. He runs it like a well oiled machine. He has a diverse staff- Nico and Jeanette and George are the main ones that served me and they all are awesome. The cucumber( gin) and canteloupe(tequila) drinks are to die for. They serve Tito's vodka as their house vodka and before Soco I had never heard of it. The group I was with one night ranted and raved about it so much that it( Tito's) is my main drink now mixed with various juices or seltzer. I counted 26 bottle beers that they serve and they now have 3 or 4 on tap. You can eat at the bar and the service is GREAT!!! I've been there on almost every night of the week- I would guess about 12 times since they opened a month and a half ago. On Fridays and Saturdays they have a doorman/bouncer- a Hispanic, very nice professional guy who is security. Went with a group a week ago and had a "problem" b/c he( doorman) told a guy in my group to remove his hat. The bouncer and owner Mark explained to me when I went back to try to convince them to allow my friend in with his Yankee cap that they couldn't     make an exception, etc. etc. etc.   My friend refuses to return. I went back a week later and Owner Mark apologized to me and said he was trying to control the crowd and suppress a few rowdy incidents that had just occurred that night. I understood but explained that a screenign process other than headgear might be a better plan. Passed by SOCO last night, Tuesday,  8/2/2011 after dinner/drinks at Luz on Vanderbilt and it was PACKED as though it were a weekend. They had a live band and the I caught the last part but the band was AWESOME!!! Soco is very attentive and responsive to contructive criticism, not complaining and trying to get over, but constructive criticism. Had the wings, 1/2 barbq chicken, collard greens, mac and cheese, fried chicken and waffle to eat thusfar. My crew had the salmon, pork chops, grits, cornbread and almost every other dish and every dish is described as good, very good or excellent. One of the owners/partners Sim seems like a great guy, and Owner/partner Melissa is GREAT!!! It is kind of a "scene" place. meaning that it attracts good looking, on the move people who want to be seen and at the hot spot. The doorman is needed b/c it has a lot of open space where people stand around and watch. Live DJ's some nights- last week was Misbehavin on Friday and Hard Hitting Harry on Saturday. Harry tore it up, Misbehavin was cool too but drew a lighter crowd.  Again, doorman is a necessary expense b/c my many years experience show that the deadly combo of alcohol, music and women make men( people in general) act a bit aggressive and out of character. In summary, it is aTERRIFIC place and going to do very, very well if they keep up the excellent service, quality, staff  and entertainment.   Highly recommended and best wishes to them.  More to follow......
