Giving them one star is gracious. I heard great things about this place, and so I was excited to go try it out. I'm not the type of person who complains or doesn't like food- I'm a waitress, I know what a pain it is when customers are jerks and try to get anything for free. However, this service...was TERRIBLE. We weren't sat at all- here it is, not even 7:30pm, and they only have 1-2 tables...and NO ONE even greets us or says hello. We wait a few minutes, then go and finally take a seat. The waitress walks rightttt past us and doesn't even acknowledge that we're sitting there. Finally, I walk up to the counter and pick up a menu. The guy at the counter then realizes that we want to order, and he informs us "oh, if you want a waitress, you have to sit over THERE" *points to a table a few feet away* Ok. Fine. So we move to the table, and again, the waitress ignores us, even after we say hello, and she merely continues to sort silverware and set the tables in the back. It is now past 7:45, and I'm sick of this. I start to get up, and finally, the waitress comes over, rolls her eyes, and tells us that she will be right with us. After our food arrives, I look down at the plate. The fettuccine looks a little...strange. The consistency looks a little off, but I figure maybe it's just me, it'll still be fine. I love fettuccine alfredo...you can't really ruin that. Especially not at a restaurant with such great reviews. Wrong. The pasta was chewy, tasted stale, incredibly overcooked. It clearly tasted like it had been sitting there for a long time, reheated, and just overboiled. The sauce also had a strange taste to it, was rather watery, and I just couldn't eat it. Especially not for the $11.99 price tag they put on that bowl of inedible food. Just when I thought the service couldn't be any more crappier, I call over one of the other waiters, because our waitress is now back to ignoring us. I don't want to be rude or offensive, so I just ask if it's possible if he could please take the food back. He immediately puts up an attitude and tells me "well, what would you like me to do with it? you cant just eat it?" Well, obviously no, I'm not going to just eat it because it's more convenient for you. There's obviously something wrong with it. Sending over a manager to discuss the meal would have been more professional, and much more preferable. Finally, he comes over, takes the plate, and tells me that he's making me more. Several problems with this. 1) You didn't ask me if that's what I wanted 2) They should have at least offered a partial reimbursement or exchange for a different menu item   3) I don't want to deal with this crappy service anymore, and wait another half an hr for another bowl of crappy pasta that I won't even wind up eating. He then starts arguing with me over why he can't give me reimbursement, and finally says "fine I can give you it for half price." Fine. I'm not thrilled, but paying half for crappy food I didn't eat is better than paying $11.99 for crappy food I didn't eat. Finally, my mom offers to share her food, so we split her lasagne, which was actually pretty good. As we're eating, the waitress returns, and asks to take our plate. We're clearly not done...we're chewing our food, forks in hand, and clearly there is still a lot of lasagne on the plate. Just in case we may have finished in the next 90 seconds, she returns twice more to ask to clear our stuff away. I finally just get fed up with it and tell her to bring the check. So, she brings the check and I notice that they have charged me $10 for the pasta that I didn't eat. Whatttt?! I bring the check up to the guy at the counter, and calmly inquire as to why he did not take half off, as he had  mentioned just a few minutes before. He heatedly denies ever saying anything of that sort, and says that because I have "touched" the food, he can't reuse it. So that's why he has to charge me $10. Because I've tainted this wonderful food, and so now, they can't reheat it and reserve it another twelve times. Finally,after mentioning that I will not EVER be coming here, EVER again, I just hand over my credit card and wait for them to charge it. I hear the guy complaining about us behind the counter as he is charging the card, and when he returns, he just tells me "here we only charged you $15. So you aren't being charged for your food. Happy?" Ummm...thanks. For everything. Happy? Not really. I was just the TINIEST bit happier an our before, prior to us being subjected to this wonderful dining experience. Maybe it was just a bad night for food. Maybe I caught the servers while they were having a bad day. Things happen. I know, I know how stressful it is in the food service industry. But the attitudes displayed here tonight sucked. Never even mind the food. That could have been overlooked, if the service had even been a LITTLE more decent.
