With so many other choices for Italian food in Brooklyn don't bother with this place! My wife and I had a conversation with a coworker of mine about this place and I remembered that I had visited it about 4-5 years ago.  Our friend reminded me how great the food was, but after our recent visit we wondered if he was also talking about a visit he had over 5 years ago since this place now is not worth going to the bathroom in. We visited on a Saturday evening,  February 25, 2012, me, my wife, and 2 very hungry children.  We were greeted by a not so interested hostess who told us the wait would be between 30 to 45 minutes.  We figured since it was a Saturday and it did look crowded that it was probably worth the wait.   30 minutes came and went then so did 2 hours.  That's right, two hours waiting to be seated.  You might say that you would never wait that long, but after you invest 1 hour then 1 hour and 20 minutes you become reluctant to leave.  During that time we noticed people walking in from outside saying hello to the staff on a first name basis and getting seated ahead of everyone else that was waiting for literally hours.  Still we brushed that aside and decided to wait.   Finally, our name was called and we had a table!!  After getting seated, our waiter showed up to take our order.  Throughout our whole time waiting we observed the staff  taking more time to joke and kid with each other than to take care of their customers.  We finally ordered our appetizer, fried calamari, and our main courses, two chicken parmigiana and two chicken Marsala.  Not a very complicated order I would say.   We sat and waited, and sat and waited some more.  Every now and again our waiter would say "It should be soon, the kitchen is backed up".  The first two times he said this to us we had no choice but to believe him.  However, then we started to notice that people that were seated after us and had put in their orders after us had begun to get their appetizers and entrees.  We waited a total of 40 minutes sitting at the table with nothing but a basket of cold bread, pitcher of Pepsi and a Heineken.  Enough was enough!!   My wife and I decided that we would take our 2 hours and 40 minutes investment and leave the place aggravated with 2 hungry kids in tow.  We asked for the check and we were told that in order to make up the terrible time and long wait we had at this place that they would take off $5.00 off the check and give us a free dessert.  Thanks but no Thanks!  At this point they could have offered us a free dinner and we would not have accepted it.  We had gone to a restaurant prepared to pay for dinner not hoping to get free food.   This place may have been a 5 stars establishment 5 years ago, but today it is not worth the wait and aggravation.  There are too many outstanding Italian eateries in our 5 boroughs, especially in Brooklyn, for anyone to go to L&B Spumoni Gardens and waste their time.  I would have given them 0 stars, but it cannot be done.  Shame on this place to do this to a family! with kids!!
