One of my coworkers raved about the CRISP falafel truck and managed to get five coworkers, including myself, to go with her to the CRISP truck.  We were all truly excited to experience "one of the best falafels" as my coworker stated.  Therefore, we checked the CRISP website and called the CRISP hotline to find out where the truck would be on Wednesday June 1, 2011.  The truck and hotline mentioned that the truck would be located at 46th St. and 6th Ave.  Apparently, the information on the website and the hotline were both outdated.  However, our coworker insisted we would enjoy the falafels so we decided to walk over 10 blocks  in 90 degree very humid weather to the CRISP restaurant on 40th and 6th Ave. With a lot of excitement and eagerness to quench my hunger, I placed two orders at the restaurant; I ordered a meal for myself and a meal for my coworker that could not leave the office to pick up her own lunch.   I ordered "The Crisp" which according to their online menu is a falafel and a side order of fries.   For my coworker I placed an order for a babaganoush falafel.  I asked the cashier, Ian, if I could remove the goat cheese and substitute the goat cheese for roasted peppers.  Ian was very firm and adamant in saying that I could not substitute items in my order.  I find it very strange that I could not substitute one item for another when falafels are made fresh upon order.  I also find it strange that Ian did not say I could even add additional items for an extra charge.  As goat cheese is also more expensive than roasted peppers I would think it would be cheaper to substitute this option.   However, Ian continued to be dismissive and said no substitutions.  I was told "you get the cheese or you don't get the cheese."   I patiently waited on a long line for my meal.  When I received my meal, I realized that it was not a falafel.  I was given a burger instead.  Against my better judgment, I ate the burger in the restaurant in disappointment.  I asked one of my coworkers, who also ordered from Ian, if her order was correct.  It seems like she was also given a burger instead of a falafel!  Before leaving, I decided to see what was given to my coworker in the 2nd order since Ian had gotten so many orders incorrect and lo and behold it was a burger.  I went to another cashier to ask if the order could be switched so that at least one person could enjoy their lunch.  The other cashier didn't even get a chance to respond because Ian jumped into the discussion and said we could not switch orders. He was very dismissive and said "That's what you ordered" and "you can purchase additional items but we won't be switching anything."   Not only was I disappointed and unhappy with this poor customer service experience but my coworkers were also unhappy because of this.  Thanks to Ian I've given this experience an F for FAIL!  Ian FAILED to provide me or my coworkers with the customer service experience that we are used to. CRISP has now lost customers...all five of us!   We spread the word through our department and I'm sure they will spread the word to their families and friends. Lets just say that the next time I want a falafel I can go to Moashes falafel truck in midtown on 46th and 6th or I'll go to mamouns  on MacDougal Street.   Frustrated and hugely disappointed
