I'm writing this  not so much to review Parc  but to admonish the d**chebags who make it a hobby of bashing restaurants. Thank you Yelp for chumming up the waters. There are more genteel and effective ways to deal with your dissatisfaction than writing a half-assed, snarky review. My wife and I ate at Parc several years ago. The occasion was our 10th anniversary. I'm not going to get into the specifics - but our extreme displeasure was the same as many of the other reviewers: Poor service, preferred service for hipsters, arrogant/indifferent management. I will lend one example: We waited an hour for drinks (keep in mind that we paid to park so we were already in the hole for an extra hour...and an extra hour for the sitter).Meanwhile the table  1 foot away hadit's drinks, entrees delivered and consumed - by our server - who happened to be good friends with the patrons. Needless to say our anniversary lunch was ruined. I wrote to the Starr restaurant Group. I was not seeking any sort of compensation. But my wife and I had eaten at most of Mr. Starr's restaurants. We were never disappointed in fact we trusted their quality so much that we took family, friends and clients to their eateries. My purpose for writing was this: my father was in the restaurant business (now retired). He had a regular customer who would frequent our establishment several times a week. After 10 years, he stopped coming. My father ran into him. he asked why didn't come in any more. His answer? He had a meal that wasn't up to his standards. My father's question was, "WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?" And that's what I did. Three days after my e-mail, I get a call from none other than Stephen Starr himself. He apologized profusely, and questioned me for twenty minutes - which managers were present, name of our server, what we ordered, overall attitude of staff, condition of their uniforms...I mean the guy really got into the details. He then told me that we weren't the first - service at Parc was a constant source of irritation for him. Against our wishes he made it right. Actually BEYOND right. And he insisted on having us book through his personal secretary. My point to all this is that there is a better, classier, mature and more effective mechanism to voice  your dissatisfaction than this piece of sh*t site. Grow up, people. This is worse than tall grade school. PS: Recently went to Parc with my 9 year old son. It was excellent and the staff went out of their way dessert wise for my kid.
