We had an amazing experience at Goong.   Every single dish that we had was excellent, definitely one of  the best that we've ever had, outside of Korea.  We had tried many Korean places in several cities (Boston, Chicago, LA, and NYC) and Goong was on a par with the very best.   Coming into the restaurant, we were immediately happy with the smells and atmosphere of the place--it reminded me of my favorite places around Chicago: unassuming, friendly, unconcerned with pleasing a larger community, and just making great, authentic Korean food. They started us with hot barley tea, which already made me happy.  It was warming and had a light, natural sweetness.   The homemade side dishes that they brought immediately after (traditional Korean restaurants make and serve several of these house-made, complementary appteizers) were really well done--each one had interesting, piquant, different flavors.  I've been to places where they gave us many more varieties, but here, although there were but five, every little plate was outstanding.   For a main dish, we had the dol-sot bibimbap, a standby korean dish--the ingredients were very fresh and the rice was crispy on the bottom.   We also had a special pork dish, which the waitress recommended for us.  The pork was juicy, smoky, and flavorful with onions (not overcooked) and spicy with hot green peppers.   The service was terrific, relaxed, and friendly, and the restaurant is bright, clean, and cheerful.  Very highly recommended.  This place allowed me to call Hartford a good, comfortable home.  "Gamsamhamnida, Goong" (Korean for "thank you!") Note: I went back a second time, and was a little less impressed with the squid with peppers and onions (similar in preparation to the pork dish), and didn't like as much a fried chicken in a sweet and sour sauce, which was more of a Chinese dish.  The bulgogi and the little side dishes were excellent.   A third time, i had a great time again, with several friends -- excellent flavors, very well prepared entrees and apps, an experience similar to the first time I went (described above).  We all enjoyed it very much.   Very comforting and delicious dinner.  The staff were very good with the kids, too.
