Alongside this review is a more detailed page about why I love ALYAN'S for reasons unrelated to eating.   Thanks for reading (both of them)! Yes, the food: FALAFEL is deep fried, crispy on outside, fluffy-dense on inside. Nice greenish color on inside, sesoned perfectly, nicely sized. HUMMUS is creamy, thick, not lumpy, spread perfectly in the dish, attractive, beautiful. Beautiful parsley and olive oil on top. What more you want? LABANI is also thick, like paint. Mild, not salty, not sweet, flavorful, perfect, also with olive oil. Or good with honey, ask them for it. Attractive. KIBBI is perfectly shaped. Ground meat on inside is always expertly cooked, never chewy. Pine nuts are lovely, not crunchy, cooked well. Outside of kibbi is always nice and thin but not TOO thin, crisp but not CRUNCHY,  fine thin layer of soft doughy feeling just beneath the crispy and then into the hot meat in the center. Served with a LEMON. my favorite dish! FATTUSH salad is another favorite. All the vegetables are cut to a nice size and shape, crispy bits of pita are what make it a FATTUSH, like an American crouton but much, more more interesting. My favorite spice is on top -- sumac. It's purple, you'll see it. The most delicious tangy spice in the world. GREEK salad is the same, always nicely dressed, lightly. GREEK has feta, nice shape nice size. FATTUSH has no feta. GRAPE LEAVES good. Not too cold, not slimy. You will like them. They taste like they were made very thoughtfully. ALL GRILLED MEAT seems to be grilled perfectly every time. You can see them cooking it through the front window. SHAWARMA I don't order that much, don't ask me. I like it but I can't remember, it's been a while. Looks nice, though. SPINACH PIE also one of the best. nice big piece, 3 inches by inches maybe. Served with tahina. Moist, flaky, thick. the best. MINT TEA is very special. Brewed in a pot, black tea and dried mint leaves. They have it ICED, too. Should be ordered with every meal! BAKLAVA is dense and full of honey and never ever tastes old, dry, strange. Always nicely spicy-sweet and not too large a piece. Perfect. LOTS OF DRINKS available. Cokes, juice, mango/yogurt drink, or just the homemade yogurt. Everything you could want, they have a case right by the door. TURKISH COFFEE, they have this too. They know how to make it correctly! Please keep stirring as you sip your way through it -- the coffee will be sitting at the bottom of your glass and it's your job to wake it up. That's just how it works, kid. Yes, the food.
