Don't be discouraged by the jam-packed seating or the noisy hustle and bustle of this impressive French bistro.  If you're looking for something different from your average ho-hum dining experience, look no further.  Situated in the heart of SoHo, Balthazar's deceptively casual atmosphere belies a culinary sophistication rivaling many of the other upscale restaurants I've been to, at least according to my tastebuds.  Even the decadent menu at the 5-star Luna de Mare in Jamaica's Montego Bay didn't excite me as much as Balthazar's richly flavored duck confit, salade nicoise with fresh seared tuna, or my favorite appetizer, escargots served piping hot in garlic butter, which I'm compelled to order every time.  The menu isn't too overwhelming, but don't let that fool you -- every dish is perfection.  Next time I go, I'm getting one of those damned 500-tiered plateaux de fruits de mer that is piled with a spectacular array of fresh shellfish.  It seems like every time I'm there someone next to me orders it, and I stare, mouth agape, drooling slightly. When I went last September, I was sandwiched between an internationally-known champion race car driver, and a screenwriter who divided his time between New York and his native Johannesburg.  The cozily intimate atmosphere that the restaurant seems to engender is such that by the end of dinner we had all exchanged phone numbers, but this isn't unusual.  The proximally challenging aspect of Balthazar should be seen, particularly if you're from out of town, as an opportunity to chat with the extraordinary kinds of people who seem to frequent such a crowded space.  Depending on what type of person you are, you may or may not find it charming that there is literally no elbow room during dinner hours, and if you're seated at any of the tables in the center, at least part of the row will have to rearrange itself to let you out, should you have to use the restroom at some point (which is stocked with luxury toiletries -- Creed perfume in the ladies', which you can splash onto your powdered cleavage after the attendant gives you a soft towel with which to dry your pretty little hands). Despite the restaurant's penchant for drawing a wide variety of celebrities (Mary-Kate was seated inconspicuously the last time I was there), writers, editors, and political dignitaries, it thankfully never attracted the intrusive Ivy-esque plague of paparazzi, even at the height of its popularity a few years ago.  I attribute this to its low-key, unpretentious atmosphere.  Though I wouldn't walk in there wearing torn jeans and a wife beater, dress is casual to somewhat formal.  The only real whisper of elitism that Balthazar can't help but reveal is its waiting list.  Reservations usually have to be booked a day or so in advance, but if you're lucky enough to get an opening the day you call, it won't be before 10 p.m.  Blame this on Balthazar's secret triple-A list, where regular dinner seating is reserved for the likes of Anna Wintour, Woody Allen, Bill Clinton, and God.  Nevertheless, once you finally make it there you'll be happy to find that the knowledgeable wait staff will go to great lengths to cater to even the most persnickety patrons.  Even if they're not famous.
