Sakura Gardens 1869 Dixwell Ave, Hamden, CT 06514 phone: 203.288.8836 Sakura Gardens is the classic sushi spot for my parents and me. Ten minutes from out house, Sakura Gardens is this giant, over-the-top sushi escape in the middle of a giant parking lot, next to Home Depot. With no windows, mini-waterfalls, and bizarre interior layout, there is a rather ridiculous aura to the restaurant, but they have consistently good sushi, which is often fifty percent off (I'd say my sushi has been fifty percent off over half of the times I've gone there. I just have yet to figure out why and when this happens...). We got out sushi take-out tonight (March 13th) on the way home from the airport. I got a classic house salad, a generous size, but their ginger dressing is rather watery. I also ordered a tuna maki roll and my favorite, a sweet potato roll. I thought I would switch it up a bit and get my tuna roll with brown rice. The rice was good, with a nice nutty taste (though I have since deduced that brown rice and tuna are not my favorite combination), the seaweed wrap was the perfect texture (soft, not too chewy), but the tuna was lack-luster; overall, the roll was rather bland, and although the tuna-to-rice proportion was good, I found myself using a lot of soy sauce to give it something. My sweet potato roll was better, but not as good as Sakura Gardens usually makes it. The rice was a little dry, and there was too much tempura overpowering the sweet potato (a fatal flaw). They always put some signature, sweet, almost fruity sauce on top of their sweet potato roll, which I despise and always ask them to omit. Instead, I asked for eel sauce on the side (always an easy fix for any lackluster sweet potato roll), which I was pleasantly surprised to find they actually remembered in our take-out bag. Perhaps something is lost in the take-out translation of sushi, for I found myself being more disappointed than usual with my Sakura Gardens dinner and can only bring myself to give it two stars; my sushi was just O.K. (although the colored, chocolate mints they have at the door are a huge plus; I grabbed a handful to shove in our to-go bag).
