This place was was a huge disappointment.  The restaurant built up high expectations on nearly every front, and failed to deliver just as often.   Each item on the menu was more delicious-sounding than the last, so it was hard to decide on appetizers and entrees. The redskin potato, leek, and apple chowder with polenta croutons was gray, thick, and lukewarm.  The taste was off, more appley with some unidentifiable spice that felt like it didn't belong, and no leeky taste to speak of.  The polenta croutons were the highlight, but would be more accurately described as cornbread cubes than croutons as they were not even slightly crunchy.   My friend had the warm beet salad, which was fine, but nothing to write home about.  The beets were warm, but they were undercooked, which made for a frustratingly mild beet flavor and necessitating a knife to cut into bite-sized pieces.  The vinaigrette arrived "on the side," though not requested, and had separated, requiring "whisking" with a fork.  Also, I don't care so much about presentation but I couldn't help but notice that the portion size was way too big for the salad plate, and lettuce was literally spilling off the sides of the plate.   I ordered the acorn sqaush stuffed with apple, onion stuffing, with a side of fingerling potatoes, heirloom carrots and cauliflower.  The "stuffing" was was literally exploding out of the squash halves.  The bread cubes were about 1" square, which was way too big for the half-squash container.  The apples, on the other hand, were cut into quarter-inch pieces, if that, and these ingredients were not at all integrated, nor did they seem to be bound together with any sort of liquid or fat.  The squash underneath was also dry, and all this dryness and misproportioning made eating the whole thing very tricky.  Te skin wasn't tender enough to slice through cleanly, and my plate quickly turned into the scene of a bready, squashy explosion.  The vegetables didn't seem to be seasoned at all, but after dousing them in salt, they were not bad, but unevenly cooked (the cauliflower crunchy, the carrots soft). My friend ordered the two roasted quail with chestnut and pomegranate stuffing.  The meat was tender and reasonably moist, but the stuffing, which arguably bears the responsibility of making the dish come alive with flavor, failed to do so.  The dish on a whole was was one-note.   We didn't order dessert but the glass of Spanish Cortijo that my friend ordered was fine.  My apricot tea, which I ordered mostly to warm up, as the restaurant was chilly, was only warm, as was the "hot water" refills that I asked for. The ambiance, as I said, was chilly.  I expected a place called "The Kitchen Table," a farm-to-table restaurant with Vermont-based owners and a logo as cozy as theirs is, to feel like a Vermont farmhouse.  However, the high ceilings and  "Pottery Barn goes urban" with bright green, fuschia, and black color scheme, was anything but.   As we were perusing the menu, we saw an item called "Sustainable Crab."  Finding the choice of adjectives unexpected and vague, we asked the waiter what it meant.  He wasn't sure, but came back to us after asking the chef, saying just that the package was labelled "sustainable," and the chef thought that meant they were farm-raised using purified water.  I was excited to go to this restaurant becuase of the farm-to-table focus, something that is very important to me.  A restaurant that prides itself on its deliberate sourcing of local, sustainably-raised food should train its staff to be knowledgeable about  the products it uses. I have never written a restaurant review before, but perhaps feel doubly disappointed that one of the only true farm-to-table restaurants in the city was so terrible.
