We stop at Lui Lui's whenever we travel.  The restaurant is an hour from our house and a good place to stop for lunch or dinner after a long day on the road.  So, nice location. In the past, the restaurant has always been consistently good.  Not so last night. First, when we pulled into the parking lot, we were all dismayed to see a very tacky neon sign hanging over their front door.  I love lighted signs but this sign belongs on the streets of a red light district. We were quickly seated...  this, too, was good since there were many people waiting ahead of us.  I can only assume they were all together looking for a big table.   It took 15 minutes for a waitress to come to our table to tell us about specials and order our drinks.  This is completely unacceptable.  So, since this initial wait was so long, we ordered our entire dinner since we had more than enough time to look over the entire menu.   We waited another 10 minutes for our drinks.  It was obvious our server forgot about the drinks because she saw our table and then did an about-face and headed back to get our drinks.  Then there was confusion about the drinks...  wrong drinks...  no lemon which we asked for in our waters...  etc.  For some reason, the server had difficulty understanding our frustration at these simple requests.  Waiting for drinks is NEVER acceptable...  getting the drink order wrong is even less acceptable.  This was POOR. The bread was as good as usual so that was pleasant.  The oil that accompanies the bread, however, seemed very different than we remembered (we were a party of three).  We remember the oil being a nice olive oil, warm, with chopped garlic and some fresh chopped basil.  This oil was COLD, had absolutely no garlic in it nor even a hint of garlic taste, and was filled with fresh chopped basil.  It was 'different'...  not good, not bad, just different yet a let-down since we all loved the garlic oil of past visits. The food arrived rather quickly.  Once we bit into the food, we understood how it came out so quickly.  The lasagna was COLD and still frozen in the middle.  It was inedible. The eggplant parm looked like two burnt in-soles to someone's old ratty shoes.  It tasted just as bad.  This too was inedible. The chicken parm was 'okay'...  again, not bad, not good.  The breading was gooey...  there was entirely too much sauce over it...  and the cheese tasted like tough, chewy skim-milk cheese.  Overall I would rate this chicken parm dish a 3/10. The pasta that came with our eggplant and chicken was crispy from being put in the oven.  So, the pasta was POOR.  Additionally, there was entirely too much sauce smothering this burnt pasta.   It seems to me that either there is a new owner here, and/or a new head chef.  The changes we experienced last night were terrible starting with that tacky neon sign hanging over their front door and ending with shoe in-soles being served for dinner.
