This place is to chocolate what PF Changs is to Chinese. To sum up in a few words, it is contrived, insanely overpriced, and the quality of food and service falls far short of the sensationalism. Here's the long story... To start, we've heard about this place for awhile, both in Philly and abroad in Australia. We've heard of people making pilgrimages there, so despite the fact that this restaurant might not be our usual style, we decided to try it out. My boyfriend and I planned on meeting with a group of friends, but were told upon arrival that we could not sit with them, a group of 5 who already had a table. None of us had seen each other in a long time, so it was pretty disappointing to be stopped even before getting our hellos in! We have both worked as servers for a few years, so understand that seating can be difficult, but also understand that SIPS tends to draw larger groups and a restaurant should generally be able to accommodate two extra people. Upon walking over to our friends, still standing, we were stormed by multiple servers, who accused us of taking chairs from another table (we hadn't), assumed we were with a different group, and told us that we could not, under any circumstances, sit with them. It's one thing to politely explain the situation, but it's COMPLETELY different to make assumptions and blatant accusations of your soon-to-be-paying customers, before they have even considered sitting! They told the two of us that we could sit at the bar, and though I was already inclined to leave, I was encouraged to stay (and we did). At the bar, we ordered their signature chocolate martini and white sangria. Both were good, but not exceptional. The chocolate martini glass was small to begin with, and filled with ice. It's worth a try, but I would never pay the full $12 for a few ounces of glorified chocolate milk. Our friends ordered the fondue dessert...we tasted some of the remains later on, but the chocolate tasted more syrupy and sweet than rich or luscious - something I would have expected from a chocolate place. We did not order food ourselves, after taking a look at the prices. $15 for a BLT?! Why did they have asian chicken skewers on the menu? Kobe beef? Weird. It gave me the same feeling as any other chain restaurant...despite sensationalism, they are serving food that lacks true creativity and spontaneity. It felt very contrived and corporate. This place seems confused...like they're doing a lot, but none of it particularly well. In general, the layout of this place is just crowded and weird...from the poorly placed wait stations and tables by the door, to the kitchen entrance itself. At one point, I was waiting for my friend to leave the bathroom (single bathrooms, which quickly form lines) and was told that I would have to move because I was blocking the kitchen. What?? Again, understandable, but the waitress just scolded me, in the same tone that a mother might to her 5 year old child, and continued to walk away. Overall, we wound up spending close to two hours there, but I just found myself feeling very baffled by the experience. Though I tried to remain open minded, I felt unwelcome the whole time. This place is nothing to rave over and it is far from a chocolate wonderland. The décor is contrived, and as another reviewer put it, seemed like a manic Starbucks. From the fake chocolate machines in the front to the "chocolate pipes" along the ceiling, I felt skeptical rather than enchanted, as if I were standing behind the scenes of some cheesy magic show, watching the magician pull all the strings. The is an example of a place that should scale back and focus on doing one thing right...and where personality and politeness would go a long way. The type of person who would be impressed by this place is the same type of person who goes to Outback for a good steak. Nice try on the marketing scheme, but I'm not buying it.
