This place has such potential! I want it to be better than it is. The wine selection is extensive, but limited to italian wines. I really haven't managed to work out the intricate wine laws, regions, grapes, and indications of quality in all of italy, so I was hoping I could rely on the staff. Not so, my friends. Not so. The waiter was undertrained and tried to bullshit his way though my fairly basic questions like, "Are there any other Primitivo's on the list?" or "What is a Super Tuscan?" I understand that we all look young, but ti would have been helpful if he had consulted, rather than making things up. I tried not to notice the homeworkless expression on his face, and agreed. Yes, a super tuscan is probably not worse than a tuscan. Just nod. The prices are also on the steep side. My friend ordered the Tuna special, which rang in at $22 - about a $7 difference from the other entrees. We finished one bottle of primitivo, which was great, but our well intentioned waiter recommended a chianti classico for the second. When five pay for, but do not finish a $40 bottle of wine, it is the sign of a shitty wine. There are few really bad wines in the world, most are just boring, but this was oaked past drinkability. When we asked for a fruity, primitivo-like wine, this was the opposite of what we had in mind. It would be nice if they had something besides Italian wine, or at least listed their wine menu on the internet. If it were public, I could research the wines beforehand and come up with a battle strategy. When restaurants don't do that, people tend to rely on the staff, which was evidently something Bin 228 was not prepared for last Friday. When I plan on spending over $10 on a wine, I want to know a little bit about it. Wine is the most variable alcoholic drink on the planet, and it can be horrible (apparrently) or fantastic. I like to know where my money is going. Also, parking is a bitch. Hail a cab. At least we made reservations, so that wasn't an issue. In short, they need to train their staff or hire some somelliers, because I seriously doubt that one works there.
