We visited mediterranea with some friends from out of town last Saturday night and it was fantastic.  I was a bit skeptical considering there were other restaurants in the area The food and The place has an authentic Mediterranean decor, kind of like a fusion of Morrocan and Turkish.  We sat in the front, it was a little bit of a tight walk to get there, but after we sat down everything was beautiful! The tables, the chandeliers, the art, the decor, everything!  Trust me, when you see it, you'll agree...no ikea furniture in this place.  All authentic! Our waiter Danielle was very helpful.  She suggested several great appetizers to start.  We ordered the appetizer sampler which gave us 8 different ones to try for the price of about 2 or 3. In addition we got this red pepper and pomegranate molasses dip called muhammarah (I think that's how you spell it?). Let me just say... we were already impressed even before trying the entrees. For our main courses my husband got the filet mignon kebab and I had the bronzini, while our friends had the lamb shank and chicken Tripoli (spicy).  No complaints whatsoever.  The presentation wasn't that great, but the taste was out of this world.  My husband says he hasn't had meat that tender in a very long time. Finally after dinner, we asked to sit out in the courtyard for dessert .  The homemade pistachio baklava (probably the best we've had) and the turkish tea were a remarkable finale to a very enjoyable dinner.  Danielle offered us a hookah to try and we were all game.  We tried the apple pie ala mod flavor, which probably sounds bizarre, was actually really flavorful smoother than other hookah bars.  The courtyard could've used some more greenery; nonetheless, the cool breeze coming through the long alley from bloomfield ave and vines hanging along the wall were awesome. Oh, I almost forgot, this place is a "bring your own" and there's a wine store right across the street! It was very convenient. Our out-of-town guests were pretty impressed and we went home very pleased.  It's tough to choose a good place in Montclair to eat because there are so many different restaurants, but this place did not disappoint.  Keep up the great work - overall great experience.   2 appetizers, 4 entrees, 2 desserts, tea, and hookah all for right under $100  We will definitely be back soon... this time, with more room left for dessert ;)
