It saddens me that I have to give this place such a low mark, but I must do this simply because there is an incredibly false advertisement campaign of this establishment as "romantic". From all the yelp reviews calling this romantic to the manager saying its the most romantic place in NYC to the countless number of top ten lists for romantic special places to eat...they are all wrong. Completely wrong. Why? Allow me to explain... I am from Philly... a large city that specializes in small hole in the wall BYOB that are oozing romance at every corner. I decided to go to NYC with my gf to propose. I called ahead, made my reservation, and spoke on the phone with the hostess four separate times to tell her of my plans. The single largest request was to be sat on the second floor at a location that wouldn't have heavy traffic and would have a view of the fireplace. Simple request right? She said, "no problem". Not only were we sat between two LARGE parties who were loud, laughing, and having a great time, we couldn't see the fireplace and we were in a very busy spot. I understand that its not always the fault of the restaurant... but in Philly... the hostess on the phone would likely tell us that "this restaurant, although romantic, is not quiet or all that intimate." or "Perhaps you don't want to come here, because we have a lot of large parties that night." or simply..."All the special spots in the restaurant are already taken." But no warning, no help. When we approached the waiter, they were nice enough to re-seat us ... in another room with a fireplace... again, however, with no view of the fireplace and next to a LARGE LOUD party of 10-15 people yelling over each other and talking from opposite sides of the table. Finally... after our drinks... we got up and started to walk out. The manager stopped us before we left and was, however, incredibly nice. He was very apologetic... offering to set up a private room for us or to put us directly next to the fireplace at a more intimate and quiet location (if not for him, this review would have one star). This was an excellent response, but at that point, we just had enough. We decided to take the offer to sit next to the fireplace, but I decided they didn't deserve my proposal to happen there. We aren't a fancy couple. We aren't an old couple. We aren't a demanding couple. Perhaps I made a mistake not to clarify my plans with the hostess/manager or not confirm the number of parties for that night... the size of parties... or clarify the difference between intimate and romantic.... but I felt like they have no understanding of the true definition of romantic. A couple of fireplaces, rooms with candles, brick walls, and exposed rafters doesn't make a place romantic. For the flannel-wearing servers and wife-beater-wearing hostess... I must say to them... your restaurant is nice... but it is NOT ROMANTIC. It has good food and would be a fun little spot to try... but it is NOT ROMANTIC. The saving grace was the manager....who told us that his restaurant is the "most romantic in NYC"... was great, but good sir... you are wrong. Come to Philly. See what we have for "romance", and please... stop your false advertising. oh... and briefly to explain the acoustics situation... its loud. SO LOUD. Noise travels in every room. The single table on the first floor directly next to the fireplace is quieter... but everywhere else is very very loud. Like I said above... this is a nice restaurant, but it is nothing more than a well lit fun spot to grab some good food with friends. I post this to help future lovers make a better decision than I did when considering this restaurant and trying to find a romantic place for a special occasion. My lesson learned? Don't google the word "romantic" . Google "intimate". But even with this ... as I walked outside to see the perfectly planned gathering of her family and mine, I handed my father the umbrella, leaned down to one knee, and asked her to marry me. With tears in her eyes and rain drops around... my lovely lady said yes.
