It all started with a harmless solicitation.  I was sitting at my desk when a man wandered into my office with great deals.  He handed my coworkers and I a long, rectangular menu.  He informed me that they were running a promotion since the store was new: buy one get one free burgers.   Scanning through the menu, we selected our burgers.  Two Buzzer Beaters [$6.90 each] (1 beef patty, cheese, bacon, and chili), a Goalasso [$6.90] (steak, egg, potato stick, lettuce, tomato, onions, "sports sauce"), two orders of fries [$2.00 each], an order of onion rings [$3] and two orders of wings [$6.25 each] (one mild and one spicy).  All together, the food came out to about $30 which wasn't much of a bargain especially because we got one burger and one order of wings BOGO.   We arrive at the store and the entire place was still being worked on.  There were extension cords all across the floor, the monitors that had the menus were being set up, and there were guys working and obstructing the path to the condiments.  This is all okay seeing as they recently opened and I'm sure they were eager to start selling, but the rest of the experience didn't save this. We take the food to-go and bring it back to the office.  I was excited to dig into a nice chili cheese burger, but goodness I was disappointed.  When I opened the styrofoam container, I was shocked.  Rather than the fries, which were clearly labeled fries on the menu, I was presented with chips.  They seemed to be made there which was nice, but I was expecting fries.  When I tried one, they were overcooked and overseasoned.  Still, at $2, I wasn't too offended.  They were edible and chips are still a good side for my burger.  My coworker who ordered the onion rings was more disappointed however.  He received 4-5 onion rings for $3.  No way that's reasonable.   I moved on to the burger which is what I was truly excited about.  I was hoping that this was a place that just neglected the side dishes in exchange for a complete focus on their main selling point.  It was when I took my first bite that I learned to never trust my own judgement again.  The burger seemed to be the quality of a cafeteria burger.  It was bland and lacked any real passion.  By the shape of the patty, it was likely frozen.  The burger contained two strips of bacon that were so small and bland, I forgot there was even bacon on it until I read the menu to write the review.  The chili was flavorless, though the beans were a nice touch.  They use the same cheese that goes on movie theater nachos so it was very salty and it overpowered the rest of the burger. When I finished the burger and the "fries" (actually chips), I sampled one of the "spicy" wings my coworker got.  I'm pretty sure they were store-bought frozen wings.  They were stringy and bland.  They didn't put a whole lot of hot sauce on the wings and they didn't even have a kick to them.  They also neglected to put any dipping sauces, celery, etc. in the package as well.   I was honestly excited to try this place out.  It would have been a nice restaurant to frequent as it's just a couple blocks from my office, but it doesn't seem like they care about quality.  The problems I encountered are not due to just opening, it seems like that's how they want to do business.  I'm not asking you to be gourmet, but at a pricepoint of roughly $10 a person after $13 in savings, I expect some level of quality.  I could go to Burger King across the street and get a better meal for cheaper.  Avoid this place.
