"Italian Food" So Laughably Bad, You'd Think They Were Competing for Worst in the World So... I decide to double down on stupidity and order a second time from Sorrento's in Hamden, this time completely by accident. You see, the first time was such a horrific experience that I must have blocked it from my memory. When it came up "four stars" on Grub Hub and "three stars" on Yelp, I was thinking "what the hey" why not throw away thirty-five bucks on some pasta? And while I'm at it, why not punch myself in the face with a brick while I'm waiting for the order to get here? Since it's basically blizzard conditions here, still while I type, I thought I'd throw in a respectable 15% tip for the delivery service, which was tantamount to committing seppuku and then lighting myself on fire. When the food arrived in a box, the guy basically dropped it on the floor like Kanye dropping a mic onstage, foreshadowing that I just got rolled in a way that could only be comparable to a carjacking or clicking on "hot pics of Katy Perry!" only to find some jerkwad had posted Rosie O'Donnell stills from Exit to Eden. I dug into the food to discover that the salad was about the only thing they got right. The Fetuccini alfredo was actually some effed up gnocchi that were about as chewy as pencil-erasers, and were freezer burned for so long you could carbon date them back to the Late Cretaceous period (don't ask me how velociraptors can get their tiny bony fingers to roll pasta like that). The white soupy composite mess reminded me of glue, except blander. The cheese ravioli looked like ruptured pasta pillows stuffed with sloppy joe drowning in a lake of canned Hunts' red sauce. They were like tiny islands of pain in an ocean of fail. Half of the italian bread was doughy and undercooked, while the other half looked like it had survived Bikini atoll. Barely. Overall, I'd say this effort was so bad that I scratch my head wondering how this restaurant is still in business. That is, except for poor shmucks like me who buy food there after trusting reviews online NOT to be spammed by lazy, drug-addled cooks who can make time to rate themselves on webpages but not to cook a frickin' piece of bread right. This place makes a high school cafeteria look like Eleven Madison Park in NYC. It was truly a tasteless, disrespectful display this restaurant showed me. It was a giant epic middle finger extending over the horizon exploding into a fireworks display that would make New Year's rocking eve in Dubai look like a company picnic.  I wouldn't recommend them for a dogs night out. Steer well clear.
