My first experience in Delmonico was right after their grand opening a couple years ago and I was thoroughly impressed; we received great drinks, good steaks and great service. As a bartender who has been in the industry for a number of years I am rather picky but I really appreciated the effort that was put forth to make it an extremely pleasant experience for all. Over the weekend I was back in town with my girlfriend; visiting friends and we decided to re-visit Delmonico. Unfortunately, we were all really disappointed to say that this time it was a truly AWFUL experience. Simply put: - WATERED DOWN DRINKS - UNPROFESSIONAL, OBNOXIOUS & CONFRONTATIONAL STAFF (The entire story...) We went for drinks on saturday night around 10:30 and ordered martinis, a manhattan and some lemon drops. All of which tasted terrible, the lemon drop tasted like soda water, fresh squeezed lemon and a dash of citron vodka with a sugared rim. The manhattan (ordered extra dry) was beyond watered down and came with a lot of ice floating in it. Thinking that maybe they had the bar-back making drinks or they just don't care because it's happy hour, we drank them anyway and waited for happy hour to be over. Next round the girls ordered wine (smart move...) and we ordered a couple old fashioned's - they came over brimming to the top with ice and a clear liquid, I took a couple sips as did my friend and we agreed that all we could taste was soda water. I asked our server who also appeared to be the bar manager (Mariah) if there was soda water in the drinks; to which she replied "Yes, the bartender always tops them off with soda water" after some confrontational words from Mariah; I asked for the drinks to be re-made without soda water. Mariah disappeared for 2 minutes into the kitchen; and when she reappeared; she proceeded to shout from the kitchen doors, across the bar to us "Thats the way we were taught to make them; with soda water; so you just want them without soda water or what?" - I explained that I am a bartender and that soda water isn't part of the recipe for an old fashioned; she replied "OK, so what do you want in them" - I recited the entire recipe (orange slice, maraschino cherry, 1 tsp sugar, 1 tbs water, a few ice cubes, and rye whiskey) this apparently really aggravated her and so she stormed off into the kitchen. When she returned from the kitchen carrying our drinks, she was staring in our direction and laughing along with the other bartenders at an extremely high volume as to mock us and ensure that we were aware of her. (I still have no idea why the drinks were in the kitchen in the first place...) The drinks came over to us and they were still extremely watered down and lacking in rye whiskey or anything remotely resembling rye whiskey. In an attempt to avoid further conflict we sat there disappointedly and accepted the drinks for what they were, watered down versions of what we had ordered. Upon receiving the bill I noticed that she didn't comp us anything, and she proceeded to charge us full price for the martinis that were supposed to be happy hour specials; but for $60 it was worth it to just pay the bill and get out of there before getting scolded again by Mariah. Needless to say the next time we are in Cedar Grove, we will not be going to Delmonico.
