When we first arrived at Revolution Kitchen, we were greeted and sat at the bar. Our first impression, which held true throughout, was that the waitstaff were very friendly and prompt despite the busy night.   We were also impressed by the ambiance: it seemed like they had put a lot of thought into every aspect of the decor. Calming and simple, it was a lot different from the comedy bar that the space had been!   As a vegan and vegetarian, we were excited by the choices on the menu. It was nice to know that any item could be adapted to our needs. When we ordered the Greek salad, the server was very attentive to our desire to have the cheese on the side. The salad itself was delicious, although the unusually small portion was a sign of the disappointment to come. We ordered the raw lasagna and wild mushroom fettuccini. As they arrived, we were immediately struck by the apparent lack of value in these items. Not only were the portions small (particularly the lasagna, which should have been an appetizer), but the dishes were ones that we could have easily made in our own kitchen, coming in well below the $18 price tag. Compared to what we're used to around Burlington, these dishes were a bad deal. The lasagna was essentially a Capresi salad, and contained no lasagna noodles at all, nor any substantive replacement. The fettuccini was a slightly better value, but still lacked substance compared to the $17 price. As farmers and local food enthusiasts, we appreciate the fact that Revolution Kitchen is working with local food producers. But we also know that local food is not as expensive as many restaurants present it. This was our main issue with the entrees: the dishes were good, but just didn't really seem worth it. The dessert, however, was worth it. The portion was appropriate to the price and so was the product. The Devil's food cake was chocolatey and flavorful, yet lite: an unusual and welcome combination in vegan baking. While we were disappointed, we still have hope for the future of Revolution Kitchen. We believe in their mission, the place is well done, and we trust that they will begin to fit in with the Burlington restaurant scene.
