The New Year's Eve dinner here was so awful and disappointing that I feel like I have to write this. We started off with a 9:00 pm reservation and arrived a bit early. We were seated right away and that was the only thing good that happened during the evening. The waitress took a long time to greet us and take a drink order. We had to ask for water while we were waiting for drinks. When the drinks came 45 minutes later, they only brought 3 of them and said one couldn't be made because they had no more clean shakers to make the martini. We waited over 20 minutes for that 4th drink to arrive. After this hour of waiting with no drinks, the waitress finally took our order for our meals and left. again. We had to ask for water again as well as plates for our bread and we were ready for another round of drinks by this time. It would have been great to have that second round but we were never even asked if we wanted anything else to drink at that point. We had servers starting to bring out appetizers & soup and unfortunately they didn't speak English very well so we couldn't even figure out what they were trying to serve us. There was barely any time given between the appetizer and the soup/salad course. The table hadn't even been cleared of any dirty dishes or the glasses from our first round of drinks. The lobster bisque was served from a small pitcher and barely covered the bottom of the bowl and was only just warm, not hot. Our meals came out fairly quickly after that and we hadn't even been checked on by the waitress for more drinks. (yes, we've had one drink in over 2 hours). The meals were not up to par - filet mignon was cooked incorrectly, the short ribs were cold. When we finally got the waitress's attention, we didn't want anything other than another drink. But the second round of drinks was even more of a fiasco. They had no more martini glasses - brandy snifters were used. They got two of the drinks wrong - one shaker only poured out about a 1/2 inch martini and the other just tasted terrible. The person who was supposedly the GM of the restaurant came over and tried to remake the martini and made it worse. It was actually just pathetic. At this point, it was after 11:00 and we had been there over 2 hours. We were served one drink, given a second round of terrible drinks, served incorrect meals and cold food. We had to ask for water and dishes and for the table to be cleared. At this point, we needed to get dessert out of the way and get up to the deck for fireworks. The waitress made sure we knew there was a dessert buffet on the deck. We went ahead and ordered coffee to come out with the dessert. Amazingly, they were able to serve us cold coffee and the desserts were completely not what was expected. The creme brûlée was served cold and not fired on top with that tasty glaze. I guess it was supposed to go with the cold coffee.  Mr. GM Of the Restaurant started getting very nasty at this point and seemed surprised that we had an issue paying a bill for $175 per plate, an automatic 20% gratuity plus a round of drinks that we never really ended up getting let alone drinking. He was very willing to take the servers tip off of the bill to make it up to us instead of discounting our meal. I feel that the only reason he even ended up taking money off the bill is because I called him out in front of the waitress to let her know that his idea to fix the problems with his restaurant was to take her tip off the bill so we would be happy. She didn't even know what to say. He adjusted our bill to the early seating price after that conversation which still ended up being over $700 for a 4 course meal for 4 people that no one could eat. Thank goodness we got a limo for the evening so that we could go home sober and hungry!
