Feast is a Special Restaurant! There is nothing quite like it, and it's a lot of fun to eat at. The look of the restaurant is just the right balance of vintage mixed with subtle modern design elements, but it has the warmest of Atmosphere's! The service and the folks who work here are very considerate and they take very good care of you. What I like most is that while they do their very best to manage your table, the feel is very casual, and unpretentious. So you can dress comfortably for the occasion, but you won't feel out of place at all if you dress up! I've eaten here a handful of times and can say that you can't fully appreciate the variety of food that the kitchen puts out until you tried a few different feasts. I keep on getting surprised with flavor profiles that I didn't get in my previous outings to the restaurant. So here is my last meal at Feast, and it was easily one of the very best vegetarian meals I've ever had. We ordered the Farmers Market Feast, an all vegetarian menu with some cheese and dairy, used sparingly. The English Pea Soup is served in a small glass and it tastes great, but what elevates the dish is that it's quite Nuanced in flavors, as it has both Tarragon and Carrot foam mix nicely with the Pea based soup. So that's 3 flavors that get balanced off of each other, which keeps this soup fun, and it doesn't last very long either. A Cobb Salad with Iceberg, Avocado and Grapefruit was the next item we ate and it was refreshingly good, and again a very well balanced blending of the ingredients. Then on to the Beet Ravioli with house Ricotta and Balsamic. Just a small taste, nice and on the lighter side, small serving but since there are many dishes I wouldn't want any more. Lastly, in Round one, was an Onion Strudel with Blue cheese and Port reduction. While it was very fresh tasting, like it was just baked, I'm not a big fan of Blue cheese, so while I was very good it wasn't my thing, on the other hand, I'm sure that my wife was very pleased with it, because she loves Blue Cheese! The Asparagus Fava flan with preserved egg and crispy Leek was a nice trick, it may have had a couple of pieces of Asparagus too. This was more of a home run in the richness department, but it was beautifully balanced and still a lighter dish, than the flavor profile would suggest. The Frisée and Water Cress Salad, which has house Granola, Spiced Yogurt, with a Raisin Vinaigrette, was an excellent contrast to the Spring Risotto with Peas, Radish, Ramp and Parmesan which are two dishes that while later in the meal, I was still bull dozing my way through and enjoying the exciting balance of flavors between these two dishes and also in respects to our previous dishes in the meal. Lastly the smoked mushrooms were a delight that were served in Parchment paper, and again yet another subtle mix of flavors between smokey with just a we bit of Asian styled sweetness, but very faint, just enough to offset the smokey salted flavor. The Strawberry Rhubarb Trifle with Orange Mascarpone whipped cream was a great finish to a great meal. The Rhubarb was better than I ever had and that dessert was its own thing, so worth trying! All in all, this was such a well balanced and very tasty meal, and the 48.00 per plate was well worth it on this special occasion that brought us to dine at Feast. On top of the very attentive but not overbearing service, I can see that the Chef and the cooks put in full days at this smallish family style restaurant. I walk by and see them in the morning and they are still there cooking dinners, so hats off to having a dream, and working really hard to make it happen. Finally, I give 5 stars because the restaurant is 5 stars of fun to eat at. Like some of the other great restaurants in this city, greatness does not come overnight. Both Union Square and Gramercy Tavern in my experience got better as they went along, and that's just how I feel the folks at Feast are Proceeding!
