Geno's steaks is grrrrreat!!!! I went to see my online friend south philly Billy for a weekend in Bryn Mawr for a weekend last week. South Philly Billy lives in the basement in his mom's house in Bryn Mawr. He's got a sweet setup!!! He's lived in Bryn Mawr all his life and only been to south Philly once when all of us online friends dared him to go to south Philly bc  he was all messed up on jolt soda and melaluca pills and on a 73 hour world of warcraft binge, so we nicknamed him south Philly Billy!!!  He was so hungry and delirious we told him to go and get a real cheese steak from Geno's and he did it!!!! He usually gets his steaks from Sun Valley and that place stinks blue Nav'i poopers!!! He said Geno's steaks was like tasting what Avatar unobtainium  would taste like if it were in cheesesteak form!!! I wish they delivered to Bryn Mawr!! Me and south Philly Billy are online world of war craft friends but we also call each other and watch "American idol" together and I had missed a bunch of episodes bc of my current active social life and he had them tivo'd so I flew to Bryn Mawr and played world of warcraft and watched American idol together, especially bc our friend Neil was gonna be on!! Neil totally rocked the place!!! And he was totally sweating less than usual!!! But that super nerd Simon wouldn't let Neil pass. phwwwww. I totally think this idol is rigged, Neil was the best!!!!! So we drank away our disappointment....we each drank, like, 4 jolt colas!!! And I was super messed up and I dared him that we should go to Geno's steaks in south Philly...all that cool cola courage made me so impulsive!!! So we did!! South Philly Billy is a total tough guy, so he insisted on driving...well we made it to GENO'S Steaks in South Philly and no one threw 40 oz bottles at South Philly Billy's Mom's minivan!! That was such a plus. The line was super duper long and we got in and South Phil Bill said that I needed to summon all my Seinfeld "Soup Nazi" power and to carefully walk in line and order fast; otherwise they might send me to the back of the line!! Gollly!  that place smelled so good!! There were a couple of girls in line ahead of us and they had lots of hairspray and makeup and it looked like their hair was riding a wave. South Philly Billy is totally a ladies man, he has gotten the furthest out of all of us online gamers bc he is by far the best looking....he once touched a girl where she peed!!!! Honest Abe!!! So he started talking to these girls with the wave hair but I got nervous bc I didn't want to cheat on Katia so I didn't say anything and just listened.....the girls were natives of the neighborhood and told us we better know how to order!!! I thought : "Geez Louise Antifreeze how hard is it to order a cheesesteak!??!?!?" The line slowly moved and South Philly Billy got his steak and all of a sudden it was my turn!!! I was so nervous I was sweating like crazy!!! I slowly walked up and stuttered " one south Philadelphia cheesesteak please" Guy: "What the F#ck do you want?" Me: "One South Philly Cheesesteak please" Guy: "Wiz wit?" Me: What game is that???? Guy: "get ta the back of the line schnook!!! This happened about 6 times and on my 7th time waiting in line I just said "YES" when he said "WizWit" and I got my cheesesteak!!! It really was like tasting Avatar Nav'i Unobtanium in cheesesteak form!! The meat was dry and salty, and the cheese whiz had melted all the way through the bread and meat...my only complaint was I didn't order any onions! Im allergic to them!!  PHwww! I had to pick them out one by one but it was soooo worth it!!!! Next time I visit South Philly Billy in Bryn Mawr we are totally going to Jim's---even if I have to walk out smelling like an onion!!!
