I went here with a friend Friday night. The sign said "please wait to be seated" so we waited in the entrance way. The hostess and the waiters were talking and fooling around by the soda machine. We still were waiting to be seated. Another couple came in and a man in plain clothes got up from his table in the back and seated the couple personally. The hostess sat us shortly after. I don't know if the waiters do the whole restaurant or just a section, but 3 different waiters came to our table 3 different times for our orders. Odd. My sprite tasted like old soda and left a weird aftertaste. I told waiter 2, but nothing happened- no replacement, no apology- just a nod. We looked over the menu and it seemed to be rather pricey. This was our first time so we were unsure of what to order. When waiter 1 came by to take our order, he quickly left to answer questions for the regular couple in the corner. Ok, so waiter 3 came by and got our order- 2 gyros, easy right? We ordered at 6:05pm, and got our food at 6:48pm. That's way too long for something so simple. During our wait time, we say there listening to the waitstaff talk about how wasted they got over thanksgiving and such. We also saw them joke around with some guy named Jason, and they let 1 waiter do all tables by himself as the 3 of them hung out. Another regular came in and they quickly sat the family. We even got to watch and listen as a young attractive woman came to pick up her order and the waiters and the man in his plain clothes hit on her. She was visibly uncomfortable and in a hurry. She kept trying to leave, but they'd make comments like "can you handle the tray? You are so little, you need a man to help you or you may fall down the stairs." The man in plain clothes "playfully" said "If you want I'll go home with you and help." She declined stating her dad was more than capable of helping her out. This exchange made us uneasy. Even another table near by was commenting like "give it up, dude, she's too young for you." Our food came and it was less than tasty. My gyro was filled with meat like beef jerky- tough to swallow and dry. I had overly charred pieces! It would have been great if I had a drink to help the shoe leather down! My guest had a pork filled pita and that too was dry. It was so disappointing since a friend gave it such a rave review. It's a "never again" for me. If I wanted to eat beef jerky in a pita, I'd make it and it'd be less than $7.50 for sure. And for bad service, I can just stay home.
