What a sad and unfortunate story... We absolutely loved Kennett. We went there rather frequently considering we live on the other side of town. First off, I will give credit where credit is due. The food is absolutely amazing. The pizzas are delicious. Their gnocchi is out of this world, and their burgers are amazing! The owner, who often bartends, is a great guy. You can tell he loves what he does and tries hard to maintain a great service environment. So why he continues to employ someone in the kitchen who is rude and arrogant is beyond me. We went there a few months ago, and my girlfriend ordered a bean soup. Upon tasting it, she told the server that the beans were slightly undercooked. The server was very polite and took the soup back into the kitchen. What the cook in the back doesn't realize is that the restaurant is very small, and you can hear entire conversations while sitting in the dining room. We heard the server tell him exactly what my girlfriend had told her. His response was extremely inappropriate and rude. He basically suggested that my girlfriend's taste in food was "simple" and suggested that they do not cater to such people. We are both in the service industry ourselves, and were appalled by what we heard. We kindly notified the server that we had heard the exchange, and let her know for future reference that he can be heard. She was very apologetic, and sent the owner over, who also apologized. You would think that would be the end of such incidents, right? Wrong. Despite our last experience, we love the food so much, we decided to give it another shot and went back last night. This time we heard nothing about our food order, but what we did hear was him speaking to a server in a fashion that I would never speak to my worst enemy in. I have no idea what happened, but from what we gathered, it wasn't much, and certainly nothing to constitute speaking to another human being in a stream of obscenities. When the server walked out of the kitchen, we saw another server consoling her. That was the final straw for us. When you walk into a restaurant and look at the menu and think, what can I order that's not going to piss the cook off? That's not a good sign. I'm sorry Kennett. Your food is amazing, but we don't feel like we can thoroughly enjoy it when it's clear that the person cooking it doesn't want to be doing so...
