Spuntino has great customer service and the staff is very hospitable. They really cater to you and your needs. It's not just your waiter/waitress that helps you, management and other staff are making sure you have everything you need. The atmosphere is very romantic and rustic with dim lighting but not too dark. It's a great place to go on a date because it really sets the mood. The first time my boyfriend and I went our waiter informed us about how the menu works. We had never been to a tapas place so Spuntino was very new to us. Before we went we didn't realize that it was more of appetizer's. We also didn't make a reservation and got a seat right away. We ordered the calamari which was AMAZING, the home made mozzarella, which was good but so small it's not worth getting again with the price it was. We had three Bruschetta, the tomato and basil, gorgonzola and walnut and the house cured salmon. All were really delicious and tasted so fresh. The gnochi con cinghiale toscano was really good, it had a saucy sauce and the boar meat was really rich. If you're looking for a non oily pasta this is a good choice. The second time we went the service was even better than before. We had Michelle who was very nice and constantly made sure our wine and water glasses were full. Another employee named Court, who I think was management also provided great service. We couldn't decide on our wine so court made sure we got our change of wine. She even poured the wine very professionally showing the label of the wine. Once again we didn't make a reservation but only waited 5 minutes for our table. While we waited a waitress made sure we were being helped. We ordered the bruschetta again just the gorgonzola and walnut and the tomato and basil. Just as fresh and delicious as the fist time. The calamari, because it is honestly the best item on the menu. It was warm, crunchy, lemony and delicious. The funghi pizza was ok. We love mushrooms and cheese but there was a weird bitter taste maybe it was the cheese. It was better when it was warm and fresh out the oven. Once it cooled down was when the bitter taste kicked in. Definitely a one time thing. Then we got the pesce al cartoccio which consisted of clams, mussels, sea bass and calamari and meant for two people. It's honestly not that big of a portion that is "meant for two". All items in it were delicious but most of all the sea bass was amazing! I would definitely just get the sea bass next time on its own. The wine that we had was chenin blanc, simonsig which was a full bodied wine and was half bitter and half sweet and a little stronger than we normally drink but overall really good. Overall, we definitely recommend this place, there's great customer service and great food. You will definitely want to come back!
