Ok  were do I start?. Let's start with pulling into the parking lot. You see three valet parking attendants. for a little parking lot and you see the restaurant not looking soo nice. I don't care what the restaurent looks like  but if you have valet parking in a small parking lot  and it looks like a dive then you start to think this is a joke.  .  Then they want to take your jackets(Not that anyone was there to do it for like 2 minutes). I know that is for upscale places but this is surely not. So then you get seated on a junk table ( Diners have better tables) . Just wanted to add that the person that was supposed to take are jackets and seat us was probably busy so that is not a problem I don't mind waiting.  Two seperate people called the place to see if they can order off the regular menu on thanksgiving and we were told yes but when we got there we were told no!!!!   So we then asked if we can order  a dinner special since two people were vegetarians and they said yes. One person did and it was missing the the cheese is was supposed to come with . My dinner was ravioli/squash and it was decent not mind blowing and further the portions  were so little. As for mine I only got about six medium sized raviolies for $20.00 dollars yes I said $20.00 .  But it tasted fair, ok, not good but decent you know in the middle, acceptable but for the price not so good and  it was a small portion. They forgot to bring the salad for my brother and then they brought it to him with no dresssing or cheese. They took 20 minutes to get a drink for my other brother and they had to be reminded. Not kidding 20 minutes or more. then my brother's wife got her meal with no cheese on it and the menu said it supposed to come with cheese.  O yes and we had to ask for bread! and not only that they did not bring butter .  It is a very sad state this place is in and they are charging $20.00 dollars for 5 or 6 raviolos what a joke!!   It get's better haha ....... They ,made a mistake on the bill    one drink was supposed to be $7.50 and they charged $10.00.. So my brother asked about it  and the waiter came back and said  "because it had ICE in it and it's a  more alcholic drink but we made a mistake of .50 cents so we took that off the bill". WHAT THE HECK ARE THEY DOING! The staff was I guess.........  OK the best they can be working at a place like that .... I my opinion the place is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO   overpriced and you pretty much get a weak drink,and a can of beans FOR $29.00 . Yea your place is bad . I can get a much better meal at IHOP. IHOP is not cheap but your place has  insane prices for VERY VERY LITTLE AND NOT THAT GOOD OF  FOOD!  your food is decent just ok  (like a decent diner would serve ) but not THAT GOOD!  I cannot believe you are still in business. IF you had Good portions and good (NOT OK) food I would not be so negitive but it's almost all negitive now . I question the people on here giving such a good review of this place they could be friends of the owner. just saying. My last words are the food is OK , NOT great and this is the best place to go if you like to spend A LOT OF money for little in return. I am not kidding go an find out for yourself . Even if everything goes well your still spending a king's ransom for average small portions of food and BELOW average drinks.
