Let me make one thing clear; my friend and I would have NOT known about this place if it were not for our host from Couchsurfing who knew everything about Philly! Kyhber Pass Pub, is an authentic Cajun Gastropub founded in 1970. It's one of Philadelphia's oldest bars and the menu features a satisfying selection of craft beers, hickory-smoked barbecue, authentic New Orleans specialties and more. My best friend and I ordered the small size of the "Nachos" which consisted of fresh corn tortilla chips, jack cheese, green tomato salsa, scallions and sour cream. My mouth is literally watering right now as I remember the burst of flavor this appetizer packed. All of the ingredients were fresh which enhanced the flavor. They were simple nachos and I think that's what allowed the flavors to really stand out. Most nachos are usually piled with heaps of cheese, sour cream, meats, etc. With so much food everything gets lost and some ingredients mask each other, but every ingredient in this dish was tasted and savored. Entrees My friend ordered from the Hickory Smoked Barbecue section of the menu. All entrees there are served with 3 bbq sauces: Kansas City (ketchup based), No. Carolina (vinegar based) and So. Carolina (mustard based). He ordered the "Sampler" which allows you to choose two or three meats and two sides for only $17. He picked pork ribs and pulled pork as his meats and chose collard greens and mac and cheese as his sides. I opted for the "North Carolina-style BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich" topped with spicy vinegar barbecue sauce and coleslaw which was $10. It came with one side so I also chose mac n cheese and added a side of collard greens for $4. I can honestly say that I never felt such a rush of emotions from biting into a sandwich. My friend and I pretty much ate in silence. We were so amazed by the food that when there was a second or two that food was not in our mouths we were too breath-taken to talk anyway. We just looked at each other with big bright eyes and exchanged nods of approval. I was impressed with the culinary skill and the passion that went into making this food. Not only that, but the service was above and beyond. My friend and I never had an empty water glass or empty dishes on the table; our waitress was there taking care of our every need. I have to admit that I will be taking another trip down to Philly solely for Khyber Pass Pub. I have never had nachos and collard greens so good anywhere else so I am sure those two will be repeat dishes.
