This establishment is the epitome of mediocre, and the incompetence of the owner clearly shows. Let's start with the running of the establishment itself. Staff are not trained, do not know their own job descriptions, pass everything off onto someone else, and are completely incapable of helping customers. When I walked into the establishment, it was the manager who greeted me, rather than a hostess or server (who were nowhere to be found.) The lack of uniform lets servers wear less than presentable attire; it is important in the food service industry for a customer to be able to distinguish between someone who can help them with their order and someone who is just there for a drink themselves. Box has either been too cheap (or have not thought of the idea) of getting shirts for their employees. While dining here I have also seen the owner insult employees in front of customers as well as insult the customers, myself included. The business also caters heavily to college kids, which is less than appealing for anyone over the age of 24. There is nothing wrong with deciding that you are running a "college bar", but at least do it well. The patrons get into physical altercations with each other and the employees, and yet this place fails to change its policies or protect themselves. This is far from a family establishment. For all these shortcomings, the food and drink do not make up for it. The menu is nothing special, and changes so frequently that it's pointless to pick a favorite item. They claim to have amazing burgers, but I have been underwhelmed every time. The fries used to be good until the recipe was changed. Now the amount of salt that's put on them verges on disgusting. I realize salty fries is a fantastic way to get customers to order more beverages, but this place went too far. The drink menu is very small for a place claiming to be a bar. If you're a 22 year old college student who likes to chug cans of PBR,  then Box is your cup of tea. If you have an even moderately distinguished palate, the beer selection is a let down. The liquor might be this place's only saving grace. They offer vodka from Dubra to Titos and everything in between, as well as a very nice selection of whiskeys.  Sitting at the outside bar during the summer with a mixed drink is nice, but can also be attained at almost every other bar in the area. I hope everyone who chooses to go here also knows a few other details. 1. The place has been shut down for serving to the underage. If you can't card someone properly, you do not deserve to run a bar. 2. The place has failed health inspections multiple times. I believe the owner was a chef and claims to take care of the kitchen here. His experience does not show. A handful of the employees have shown that they know what they are doing, but unfortunately most of those people have since left and without their presence Box 63 is a let down every time I decide to stop by. Maybe they were once good, but Box 63 should now be considered a dive bar. The owner should take pride in his establishment and perhaps it will shine again. If Box continues to cut corners, let go of quality employees, and insult it's clients, it will sink.  Clearly running a business is not for everyone.
