This is a long review but well worth reading: Okay, Palma is officially the best restaurant that has ever existed when it comes to Italian food and ambiance. I really have nothing bad to say about this place, let me tell you why....      I could eat here every night and I would if i could afford it. I have been here 6 times through out the years and every time I go it gets better and better. The garden is absolutely amazing. You feel like you've opened a door to the secret garden. Flowers everywhere and the lighting is just perfection.    I had the privilege of meeting the chef along with the owner "Palma". I know what your thinking, who names their restaurant after themselves. However she told me that her 6 year old daughter (at the time) actually named the restaurant.  So much love and history behind the this restaurant and you really taste it in the food. The Service is great! especially the last time I went they now have very attractive bus-boys and waiters( HUGE PLUS).    I recommend this place to anyone who wants to experience a classic new york city meal, or even someone who feels they want to get away from the city environment, as it fills both needs. I will be coming back for the rest of my life. Here is my list of Top 3 Dishes of each Course: Top 3 appetizers:  -Arancini Sicilliani (Delicious Rice balls filled with cheese that melts in your mouth)  -Carciofi Croccanti ( Fried Artichokes that I could substitute for fries any meal) Tip: best to get them during the summer because artichokes go out of season during the fall/winter and can be very chewy.  -Cavolfiore (cauliflower bits with nuts a raisins giving it a sweet yet salty flavoring) Top 3  Main Courses:  - Zuppa de pesce ( Oh. My. God.  The first time we came here, before we were even seated in the Garden I saw this being served to a customer and knew I had to order it. Let me take a little time to explain this to you... It's a fish stew that has  dough placed over these beautiful yellow and green bowls. It's then placed in the oven to bake. The dough then rises into a crisp dome of bread letting stew bring out the flavors without any of getting out. When it's brought out to you, in front of you waiter cuts open the bread dome  allowing the delicious flavors of steam to visibly flow out and into your nose. Enjoy the soup while breaking off and eating pieces of the bread.)  - Fettucini ai funghi  ( mixed mushroom pasta. If you're like me and you love mushrooms, you must get this. To top if off you really taste the delicious truffle oil.)  -Tagliata de Manzo ( Steak with a side of arugula salad. Love the green sauce that comes with it so much that I asked for extra.) Top 3 Deserts:  -  Tiramisu ( I have eaten countless tiramisus because it is my favorite dessert and I'm being completely honest with you Palma has the best one. Not too sweet, not drowned in alcohol. PERFECTION.)  - Ricotta Cheesecake ( Last time I went my friend ordered this. love the cheesecake part however didn't like the crust)  - Chocolate souffle ( this dessert melts in your mouth but it would be too rich and sweet if they didn't give ice cream to balance it out on the side. I couldn't finish the souffle cause I needed more ice cream to enjoy it.) Top 3 Mixed drinks:  - Rosemary Rye ( I wish they had this drink everywhere I went, however if they did I would be an alcoholic. It's  a tart citrus but sweet drink with muddled rosemary. They also give you a piece of rosemary on side with makes it a great drink to have with your meal because you can eat the rosemary along with your meal. Great drink to have with steak.)  - Berry Mojito ( great dark burgundy color, very pulpy drink, on the sweet side)  - Ginger margarita ( I love ginger so any drink that has actual ginger in it excites me, although I would've liked for them to make it more spicy. I like for it to tingle in the back of my throat, but that's just my preference.)
