This was my first taste of NY food. My friend who's a trained chef had been wanting to check this place out for awhile and when I called to ask what's a good spot, he suggested we check it out  for brunch.Out waiter was the coolest dude ever. One of our friends was running late and we were taking forever to order but he did not seem annoyed by us at all. When we finally decided to order, I got the spinach, caramelized onion, swiss cheese omelet with grits and OJ. I consider myself a grits connoisseur being from the south and I'm always expecting the worst.These grits will make you slap yr mama good. They were simple buttered yellow corn grits with just a hint of sugar. The omelet was amazing, just the right amount of fluffiness and butter and the caramelized onions were on point. My friend got the homestyle chicken fingers that came with  a honey mustard sauce and a new aioli sauce. I don't care for honey mustard anything so I tried the aioli sauce.That aioli sauce is the business. OMG, it was so delicious I had to refrain from eating the rest of the food on my friend's plate with the sauce. The food servings were very well proportioned that you were guaranteed to leave full. My friend finally arrived and after being lost for about an hour in NY's winter storm she wanted some alcohol. She ordered a Bloody Mary that i have to take her word for was delicious.The drinks were pretty decent sized drinks and they didn't skimp on the alcohol. i ordered the "Black President," ya know, cuz I had to so I could bring it back to DC with me. It was amazing! I would have had a second and a third, but unfortunately had a meeting after brunch. Overall, the food was 5 star, the service was 5 star and the drinks were 5 star. The decor was simple and very well put together. The atmosphere was chill even when it got busy. The menu leans to the expensive side but not so expensive that it's inaccessible to anyone coming through the door on a budget. I did take notice, as a former veggie, that there were vegetarian and vegan friendly options as well. Basically this place is like the Black cheers and I can get down with that.  I will definitely being going back on my next trip to BK.
