Easter Sunday: I  had to make a reservation a week before Easter Sunday, I told them that I'll call back to tell them the exact number of people because my reservation was for 7 with a possibility to change to 9. I called again on Saturday and was told that I can't change the number of people but they will call me the next day to confirm it and then I can tell them the number. Unfortunately, nobody called me and when I called I was informed that it is too late to change the number and they do not know if they will  be able to give me the table for 9 people. The lady told me to wait and after 5 minutes on hold, the manager came to talk to me and  then the whole experience turned into a nightmare. Woman Manager was very rude, unpleasant and unprofessional. When I asked her why nobody called me she just said that she doesn't know and maybe because they had the wrong number. Then I asked her what number they have and she said that she can't tell me because she doesn't have the number in front of her and also she said that she doesn't have time to talk to me and said good bye. Some of my friends arrived a few minutes before me and asked if they can be seated at the table and their answer was no. When I came to the restaurant and asked for the manager because I  wanted to talk to her she came in a very good mood. We started to talk in front of my friends and family and also in front of 5 other  employee women I guess. I asked the manager if she realized that she was very rude to me and I couldn't believe my eyes when she started to roll her eyes and turn her head to the other women and basically laughing at me. I asked if this is funny and she said '' Funny?" " No, who is laughing ?'' and she started to laugh again. I decided to end  this conversation but I felt  so miserable and was embarrassed. My Easter Sunday celebration started with a very unpleasant welcome in the place where people should feel good, comfortable and also be appreciated because costumers bring their money so the manager can get paid. Of course we didn't get the best table because she had to punish me for the truth she heard from my mouth. I know that this restaurant is a popular place, but if they treat people this way, one day people will stop going to this unpleasant place because there are so many good restaurants with nice staff where you feel appreciated not like an enemy. I'll talk to the owner and let you know how everything went.
