I've been to Tony's about 3 or 4 times.  It's a convenient spot right down the street from the office and smack dab in the middle of the theater district if I find myself looking for eats before heading to a show on Broadway.  When it comes to Italian food, I'm always comparing dishes to that of my grandmothers who makes the best of the best of everything.  Therefor, I judge Italian on a pretty nitpicky scale.  Even for it's perfect location, Tony's can't escape it. If you're dining with 3 or more people, Tony's is a MUST.  The portions are quite large, so you'll most definitely only need 2 and an app or salad for 3-4 people.  If dining with 2, it's pretty much on the same price scale as any other moderately priced restaurant in the city.  An app or salad and one entree will run you about 52 dollars including tax and tip and you'll be taking home food.  Bring another guest into the mix and you'll likely spend the same, but feed one more mouth.  If you're headed to Tony's GO WITH A GROUP.  Period. The food is average.  Last evening I had the Veal Marasala which disappointingly, was tough.  Good veal should be tender and melt in your mouth.  The mushrooms were obviously canned and not fresh.  The sauce was decent, but could have been better.  On past occasions I've had the Ravioli  with Eggplant and fresh mozzarella which was average and the chicken parm which was also nothing to brag about.  The Roquefort Salad is by far the best salad on the menu with slices of juicy tomato and generous chunks of roquefort cheese.  Delicious.  The New York Style Cheesecake is a highlight and turned out to be a good "sweet treat" if you even have room after the meal. Service is quick, but you'll most likely feel rushed.  At times, I found myself yelling at the waiter to put a dish or two down because I wasn't yet finished with my meal!  Not at all acceptable.  The waiters are friendly, but be careful, they will often suggest ordering more than you really need to in order to drive your bill (and their tip) up.  Remember that this is FAMILY STYLE.  1 dish feeds 2-3 people. Around dinner time Tony's gets crowded so be sure to make a reservation ahead of time.  Make sure your whole party is present for your reservation time.  They will NOT seat you unless your entire party is there.  Dinner time is also LOUD and crowded.  So if you're looking for a romantic spot, look elsewhere. Tony's has average Italian fare, decent prices if you know how to order, a busy (often overwhelming) atmosphere and is in a prime location for theatergoers or Times Square enthusiasts.  If it's amazing Italian food you're looking for, take a trip down to Little Italy.  If it's location AND Italian food you seek, Tony's will be more than adequate.
