A group of us dined at Gramercy Tavern.  After reading the countless 5-star reviews, we were eager to add Gramercy Tavern to our growing list of some of the best restaurants in The City.  I would like to begin by stating that there were some excellent things about Gramercy Tavern - the atmosphere, the service, and the taste & quality of the food.  However, the reason I am giving Gramercy Tavern three (3) stars is due to the microscopic portions of food that all of the guests in our party were served.  We dine out regularly as a group and have enjoyed varied cuisine at some of the finest establishments in the New York Metro area.  At the close of our meal at Gramercy Tavern, comments from our party included, "Where are we going to eat after we leave here?", "I could eat the entire meal all over again and I'm still not sure I would be full", "This must be the restaurant that the couple goes to in the MasterCard commercial."  By now, you are probably saying to youself, "Aren't the portions at all fine dining establishments in New York City tiny?" - The answer is a big NO.  What added insult to injury was what Gramercy Tavern charged for the food.  I don't think the size of the portions would have been as much of an issue if the prices were lower.  Another guest in our party sneered, "They should either increase the portions or lower the prices."  For an astounding $92, I had a three-course meal which consisted of an appetizer of no more than 2-3 "fork-fulls" of Black Tagliatelle Pasta with a few random pieces of Lobster, Mussels, and Chorizo.  One of the guests in my party looked over at my plate and jested "That looks like a sample!"  For my entree,  I had what their chef calls a "Rack of Lamb", which turned out to be no more than two (2) boneless rib lamb chops.  Calling this a "RacK" of lamb borders on fraud.  The last time I checked, a Rack of Lamb had eight (8) chops with rib bones in it.  The other guests in our party were as equally disappointed with their portions.  The only course of the three which  appeared to be what you would expect, was dessert.  I had the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding.  Before all of the Gramercy Tavern regulars and fans attack me, I want to reiterate that the food was outstanding; the service was efficient, courteous and professional; and the decor/atmosphere was very pleasing.  However, the tiny portions and lofty prices keeps me and everyone in my party from recommending Gramercy Tavern.  To leave any restaurant hungry after paying $150 (including tax and gratuity) for a three-course meal and two cocktails is unacceptable by any standards.
