Segregation, descrimination? I am still reeling in shock from what happened there today. My boyfriend and I pulled into the parking lot today, on a motorcycle. We are both professionals and were on our way to spend a Sunday afternoon in New Hope, when we decided to stop for a burger and seltzer (we do not drink). We parked the bike, and a short, heavyset blond woman with glasses and an Ivy Inn shirt came out and told us that she had some bad news. She said "We do not serve people on motorcycles." We both laughed, thinking she was kidding. Then she said that there was a very bad incident about a year and a half ago and now anyone on a bike is not allowed in. With disbelief, we asked her is she was serious- and she was! We said we were just coming for a burger, and we don't drink. She then acted like she was doing US a favor, and said that we could come in and eat, but she could not serve us alcohol! I am 53 years old, and my boyfriend is 60, and we were told that we could not be served in a bar! I cannot believe this kind of blatant discrimination exists in 2014. There is of course, no sign, since i cannot fathom that it is legal. We said we would go somewhere else, and then the woman turned to go in and said "Have a nice day" (??seriously??) My boyfriend told her to have a rotten day, and she responded with a "There is no need to get nasty," followed by her shouting "F*** YOU!" On our way back, we saw another couple on a motorcycle pull in. As soon as they started to get off a waitress came out. We called them over and told them what happened to us earlier- meanwhile, the waitress was pacing and looking around a parked car just waiting to tell them they had to leave! And now the kicker - we could have gone home and come back in a car, being the same 2 people they would not serve, and all would be fine. I would have given 0 stars, but that was not an option. I cannot believe this is allowed to go on. I will be spreading the word about this to anyone I can. And whether you like motorcycles or not, ask yourself this- how can you, as an American in this day and age,  patronize an establishment that discriminates against only one class of people, based on the  vehicle they are driving?
