We went to Michael White's new endeavor with high expectations after enjoying his other restaurants such as Convivio and Marea.  We enjoyed this foray into the Osteria-style restaurant, which was a welcome respite from his other finer dining options. Once again, our eyes were bigger than our stomach.  We started off with the Frito Bolognese street-food sampler (mortadella skewer, béchamel crochettes and polenta and lardo).  While some items shined, other items were interesting but not memorable.  Of the three, lardo was the best.  The richness of the lardo paired perfectly with the polenta cake, adding a fatty creamy texture to the polenta.  For appetizers, we had the fegatini and the polpettine.   Both were fantastic.  The duck liver mousse when spread on the crostini created a nice contrast of the crunchiness of the crostini with the smooth, creamy richness of mousse.  The polpettine was served in a simple marinara sauce and was moist and had a nice texture.  The pasta (as it should be) was the star of the meal.  The macaroni in the gramigna was perfectly al dente and the pork sausage tomato ragu had a wonderful savoriness to it.  We also had the cinghiale special and the boar ragu had the right balance of tanginess and sweetness that paired perfectly with the pasta.  As our main course, we split the porchetta.  There are a lot of good porchettas in the city, and I think this would be on that list.  We received a thick slice of porchetta with a nice crispy skin surrounding it.  The porchetta was a bit on the fatty side but it was very moist and the herbs were well-infused in the meat, leaving a nice lingering finish.  In the osteria style, the wine list is on the affordable side.  They have some really excellent vineyards on the list, but they are all a bit green and too young to show properly.  We found an older wine, but it required way too much time to open up properly.   The service staff could be a bit more knowledgeable about the wine list.  Our waitress had to ask the manager for advice between the two wines that we selected.   The scene was loud and hip.  The majority of the tables are couples or groups of friends, which enhances the casual osteria atmosphere.  Tables are right next to each other, so if you are sitting next to a loud couple, you can't help but hear their conversation.   Overall, we really enjoyed our meal and would come back again.
