After having been to a majority of the most popular 'upscale' restaurants in the Philadelphia area for various occasions over the years - birthdays, anniveraries, certain holidays, etc. - I've made an effort to seek out new ones to cross off my list. During the search of a location for my fiancee's birthday, I came across Sampan. Although reviews are somewhat mixed, it seemed as though a lot of people had good experiences there so I made a reservation through open table 24 hours prior to the event. It was no problem to get a table on a weeknight on relatively short notice. Our reservation was for 8pm. We arrived approximately ten minutes beforehand and the hostess informed us that it would be 'a short time' before the table was ready. We sat down at the bar; my fiancee ordered a Thai Iced Tea, I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir. Unfortunately, we were disappointed when the the bartender told us they were out of both. We changed our orders to a Mojito (fiancee) and a Spicy Margarita on the rocks (me). Neither drink was astounding yet both were passable; the check came to $18, which is pricey but somewhat expected seeing as how the place is in center city. The hostess notified us of our table being ready and we were seated at 8:10, not a bad wait at all. For the remainder of the evening the service was excellent; it took all of 2 minutes before our waiter was at the table with water and menus. He asked if we had ever dined there before, we said no, at which point he explained that the portions are small and suggested three to four items each as being sufficient. The menu is varied but not extensive, with dishes ranging from $8 to $18. We decided upon 7 items; rabbit dumplings, philly cheesesteak appetizer, korean beef satay, chicken satay, blackened sea bass, peking duck, and frog legs. In addition, we ordered a half bottle of saki; however, out of the four selections of saki on the menu, only two were available. To our surprise, the waiter suggested the cheaper of the two (a welcome change from other establishments' employees pushing to sell anything that costs more).  The saki was very good. We were also extremely pleased with both the presentation of each food item as well as the quality and taste of all but one. The rabbit dumplings came out first and I must say, WOW; scrumptious doesn't do the dish justice! Each dumpling was perfectly tender and moist. They fell apart in your mouth in a pleasing flavor explosion. Next came the Korean Beef Satay, another winner. The meat was delightful and cooked to perfection. As we finished the first two, the Philly Cheesesteak appetizer and chicken satay came out; as many people have asserted, the philly cheesesteak dish is one of the best on the menu; spicy and delectable. The chicken satay was the one disappointing dish we had; it wasn't terrible but the consistency was slightly firm and awkward, I wouldn't recommend getting it. Finally, the three larger portions of blackened sea bass, peking duck, and frog legs came out - none were anything short of amazing, though my fiancee being a food connoisseur, she said the frog legs were a tad overcooked. I, however, found them to be as tasty as could be.   Our favorite item by far was the peking duck; it came served in a small glass jar, not dissimilar to what you may find jelly or jam in.  Inside the jar was shredded peking duck blended with a ginger sauce; on the side were mini-pancakes and veggies to roll the duck up with. It was one of the best tasting versions of peking duck I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  A close second for us were the rabbit dumplings, followed by the cheesesteak appetizer and Korean beef.  Really, aside from the duck ,it is difficult to choose one item over another, save for the ok-but-not-great chicken satay. Each item arrived just as we were finishing the previous ones; the service was friendly, fast, and efficient. At the end of our meal, my fiancee ordered a cappuccino, I had a double espresso, and for dessert we had the mini soft serve icecream cones and mini smores. None of the aforementioned orders were disappointing. All in all, the experience was phenomenal; from the service to the food to the atmosphere, we were both very pleased with our decision to come there for her birthday. The total cost of our bill was $160 after a 25% tip for great service, which is on the pricey end of the spectrum but considering we had 7 dishes, saki, coffee, and dessert, it's not overly expensive. I highly recommend Sampan to everyone. Oh, as a final note, a lot of people have been saying the dishes were so small that they left the place still hungry. Unless you're used to taking in 3,000 calories a day, this is absolutely NOT the case.  Both my fiancee and I were stuffed by the end of the meal, as all of the food is extremely rich and filling (but in a good way, not a "I'm so full I feel sick" kind of way).  I will definitely be going back to this establishment.
