This is a repeat review.... because, if anything, this place just gets better and better so these five stars are, I hope, more vivid and intense than my last five-star review......   My wife and I have the luck to call this our "neighborhood restaurant" and thus can use this as a default setting for dining with friends and relatives from out of town, celebrating key dates, and on occasion, just celebrating Thursday or the full moon, or whatever. The menu is so rich and full of robust and clever choices that it is easy to dine here repeatedly and have a different experience each time. Most recently, the radish and avocado toast charmed me once again with its contrast of bite, crunch and avocado smoothness, the Potato crisps with peppers were once again addictive and the seafood risotto was rich, robust, fully flavored and creamy....If anything, the desserts have become more varied and as consistently creative as the appetizer and main course selections... my choice of an ice cream sandwich was, for me perfect.  Accompanied by one of Vernick's unique "Mocktails", the meal was superb.  As someone who does not drink alcohol, I appreciate that the concern for the taste and variety of non-alcoholic beverages is substantive and thoughtful - there are many reviews online that celebrate the skills of the bartenders, I want to note the concern for the taste experience of the "others". the service here is almost obsessively attentive, but is never "in your face".... used items disappear, water is replenished, and - somehow, it just happens - we enjoy watching the "floor show" of the open kitchen, and remain impressed with a restaurant that is willing to be "on stage" with virtually all aspects of its prep.  I do want to note something that impresses and touches me a great dea... my wife has some limitations of mobility, which requires that we be seated downstairs, and - she takes more time to navigate the premises.  We have become used to wait staff looking/being impatient or, what is sometimes more challenging, trying to be "helpful" in ways that, usually, are not. Here, there is a quiet awareness of my wife's "special needs" and an ad-hoc parallel awareness as to how  and - how not - to intervene. It results in that rare circumstance, a true gracefulness of service and support that contributes to a relaxed and wonderful evening.   My only challenge is that this restaurant has now been "discovered" and is no longer our easy getaway with a walkin spur-of-the moment decision.  That said, I am delighted this restaurant is harvesting the success their food, service and ambiance deserve. They seem to be all things to all foodies!
