My boyfriend and I are always in Long Island City and was pretty intrigued by Blend on the Water. From the outside it looks okay and the view is to die for. We really wanted to try the place. On August 7th, my boyfriend and I along with my best friend and her husband decided to try out the place after a day of playing mini-golf. As soon as we walked in, there was no one there to greet us. We kind of just awkwardly stood there wondering if we should look for someone or wait patiently. We waited and finally the manager greeted us. The entire restaurant itself is gorgeous and the outdoor seating is remarkable with a great view. It wasn't crowded and we decided to sit outdoors (no wait to sit outdoors). We received our menus and waited about 5 minutes for our table to be set with utensils and for water to arrive. The server then greeted us about 10 minutes afterwards then disappeared. After checking out their menu (not much to look at) we waited about 15 minutes for the server to return to take our order. We decided to place all orders at once just in case we couldn't locate him later on during the course of our meal. We all ordered an alcoholic beverage; (3) mojitos and (1) white sangria; the drinks were great (took about another 10 minutes to arrive). We then shared the guacamole appetizer with chips (came out pretty quickly); however, the guacamole tasted like they sprinkled an entire container of salt on it. The server then came back to ask how everything is and then refilled our chips for the guacamole. For our main course; two of us ordered the seafood paella, another ordered the pernil with rice and beans and the other ordered the churasco. The seafood paella was disappointing; no flavor, too much rice and very little seafood. Other Spanish restaurants that we have been too pretty much give you a pot of paella that you could take home and eat for another 2 days. This one was a mini pot for $27.00. As for the pernil and churasco both parties were extremely disappointed. The rice and beans did not taste well and the meats had no taste. We picked at the items on our plate and after deciding we could not stomach this any more we waited another 30 minutes for someone to clear off our table; it happened to be the manager. After taking away our plates, he asked if we would like to see a dessert menu. We agreed that maybe eating something sweet might leave us with a better impression of this place so we said "Yes." Let's see; we waited 15 minutes for the dessert menu - it NEVER arrived. Finally our server showed up and asked us if we wanted to see the dessert menu; we said NO and asked for our check. This was the only thing that came quickly! After checking the bill, it so happens that they charged us for two guacamole appetizers. They assumed since it was 4 people eating that we would want a larger order. We argued the bill and advised that it would have been nice if someone told us that ahead of time and let us make that decision. AND to top it off we were charged for a refill of chips (which we never asked for - most places also give this for free- NOT THIS ONE!) To sum this up, the restaurant appearance is GREAT as well as the view and drinks. As for the service and food....HORRIBLE and the plate portions do not match the price of the entrees! (It was extremely disappointing since the place was not packed!) We were planning on taking one of our friends there for their birthday before eating at this restaurant. After eating at this restaurant - we never plan on eating here ever again or recommending to any of our family and friends! Maybe you will enjoy your time there but WE DID NOT and WILL NOT GO BACK!
