Let me preface this review by saying that like the (true) New Yorker that I am, I have never written a public review of a restaurant before. I prefer to keep the good restaurants to myself as secret little gems in order to avoid the  incessant overcrowding/tourist attraction that has come to ruin so many great nyc establishments. HOWEVER, I LITERALLY (and I mean literally) created a Yelp account just to speak about La Sirene because it really is the most unbelievable restaurant in nyc. The food is mind blowing and you will come to agree. The place is great- very cute (as previously stated only seats 25) so very small and intimate and one of the reasons (I believe) that the quality of the food is so impeccable. This place isn't your "mass producing" theatre-district restaurant. This is only for those who know damn good French cuisine. We started with the mussels in mustard sauce and all I can say is AMAZING. The only thing that I could say while eating these was "omg, omg, omg." Words cannot even describe how damn good these mussels are.. the broth is incredible. I wanted to drink it after I was done. Goat cheese came next (also unbelievable beyond words). Creamy and warm with some mango to add a subtle sweet flavor. AND the french onion soup.. soooo good. The filet mignon here is the standout star. Hanger steak also unbelievable. And for dessert the profiterolles- a MUST. LOVE LOVE LOVE the menu and its awesome unapologetic  side notes (ie: for the profiterolles it is noted that this is not "Hershey's" and that if you don't like it, don't try it!! I feel like a review just doesn't do this place justice. You need to just go and try the food. It is BYOB and cash only, so be aware of that before you go. But the service is outstanding (waitstaff unbelievably friendly and definitely aiming to please) and the atmosphere quaint and romantic. I will be back ASAP and looking forward to trying  the sister restaurant. Also thinking about making this place a weekly "dinner date" spot with the bf.. :)
