Went there for dinner, was seated right away but was only given the menu for dinner specials and small plastic cups for water...Which was weird and annoying. We asked to see the regular menu that was posted at the entrance to the restaurant and ordered an iced coffee. Fifteen minutes later, no new menu in hand, our server returned, with no coffee and asked if we wanted to hear the dinner specials. When I asked again for the regular menu and reminded him about the coffee he snapped, "yeah, it's on its way." Ok. This place serves coffee to go, why does it take so long to pour some over a cup of ice? The regular menu finally arrived 20-25 minutes after we had been seated. The waiter was talking to himself as he dropped it off, complaining about how busy the place was (it was under 50 percent full). When we placed our order (two hamburgers) we were informed that they were out of hamburger buns. We had a choice of sliced bread or a burger cut in half and shoved into a French roll... Order placed, coffee finally arrived. The waiter didn't ask if we wanted milk or sugar and my husband finally went inside (we were seated outdoors) and served himself. Forty five minutes later, the burgers arrived. We had ordered them with fries which comprised, I am not exaggerating, 6-8 cold, oily sweet potato fries. Really cold, really oily. When we asked for mustard the waiter brought a new bottle to our table, proceeded to open the lid and tear the plastic off the top, nearly spilling mustard all over my husband, and then left the refuse (plastic wrapper, paper sealing the lid shut, etc.) on our table. And he was still muttering to himself (not making eye contact, offering apology, etc.), loudly, the whole time, complaining about how busy it was. Burgers were not medium rare as ordered but very overdone. The pickles that allegedly were included turned out to be a single slice of cucumber. And the server never returned to ask if we needed anything else. Other people got up and walked out after waiting an hour+ for food that never arrived. I wish I had. A comically terrible experience.
