I had my second meal at the Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare last night. It certainly lived up to expectations regarding quality of ingredients, creativeness of food and overall culinary experience. I have to say that after the second time dining there I was less enthralled with the unique experience and began to notice some elements missing from Chef's table that are typically associated with any Michelin rated restaurant. First of all, my fiancee is a vegetarian. Yes, I get it, not the place to go. But I had been there once before and wanted to share the dining experience with her even if she couldn't enjoy all the courses. I called a few days in advance of our reservation (after they charged my credit card $500 something dollars) to let them know that one of the guests were vegetarian. The lady on the phone politely (well not really) told me that there were 12 guests on hold ahead of me. She would not tell me whether they would serve a vegetarian, but suggested I email someone. Two days later I hear back "no, we do not serve vegetarians". Well since I had already paid and didn't really have much time to plan a work around, I decided to just go anyway and see what would happen. I was shocked to find out they wouldn't prepare a single dish for her to eat. I mean, the restaurant is attached to a freaking supermarket. I told them anything would be fine, we understand this is not there normal menu and it would just be as a favor. I understand they want to maintain a standard of quality. Per Se has made vegetarian and kosher food. Eleven Madison Park I heard once served shake shack burgers to a guest who was craving them. If you are a Michelin 3 star restaurant, you can not possibly let a guest leave with out eating anything. There is an element of hospitality that is lost at Brooklyn Fare. There are a lot of dishes, so I get the food has to be served quickly. However I felt that within 30 seconds of a dish being served the waitress (zero personality) was already walking around collecting the dishes. Not enough time to really savor and enjoy and process the rich, complex flavors served. The stemware and china is amazing by the way, most impressive collection I have ever seen. And they really master pairing dishes with the right china - really adds an element to the meal. To be quiet honest the "round table" eating style doesn't really work for a chef that is not particularly charismatic. He spent the entire night whispering to one couple seated closest to him. I am not there to evaluate his personality, but it was a 3.5 hour meal and I was surrounded by Brooklyn hipsters (some wearing t shirts, to my disgust) and my starving fiancee. It got boring after a while, we did not have the same experience that the NY times reviewer had where couples were "sharing thoughts, wines and stories" or whatever she said. In fact we scraped together enough cash to pay the wine bill so we wouldn't have to wait for her to process the credit card. Just wanted to get the hell out of there after that long. Anyway overall food is amazing, really unique experience. Not sure it deserves 3 stars though - sounds like someone thought it would be cool to have one in Brooklyn. I mean, no one should walk out of your restaurant hungry. I'd recommend Masa or Ko (maybe even Sushi Yasuda).
