I am going to compare Plan B to Prime 16 as they are both in the same category, and in my opinion are the only places to get a decent burger in the Orange/Milford area.  This review only compares burgers and stouts, as that's what I usually get at a burger place. Burgers Prime 16 will make your burger as rare as you want, something Plan B 99% of the time will not do.  They both have the same high quality meat however I am sick of Plan BS's nanny nonsense telling me how I should order my food, which is why I can only recommend Plan B for people who like an overcooked burger.  Prices are almost identical, although the one time I actually had a rare burger at Plan B I think I preferred the meat ever so slightly over Prime 16.  Both have amazing meat though, so it's not a consideration, unless again you like a rare burger.   Plan B has amazing fries, the truffle and parmesan are amazing. Prime 16 has fries slightly worse than five guys, which are pretty good for what they are but no where near upscale as Plan B.  Plan B fries however lack substance so if you like a larger fry with more potato, you will prefer Prime 16.  I like both, but for less than a dollar you can upgrade the fries at Plan B to the truffle and parmesan, which is really amazing. Drinks Plan B doesn't have Guinness on tap and the stouts they do have suck; they are either too sweet or too carbonated.  If you are a Guinness drinker avoid them at all costs.  Prices however are reasonable for this area, unlike Prime 16 which had some outrageous drink prices.  Prime 16 also doesn't have Guinness but when I asked for something similar I was gives a very sweet (tasted like a milk stout) stout in a tiny glass (half the size of a pint glass) which cost $8.  It had a higher alcohol content so I understand the smaller glass and price, but it's not what I asked for and was not anywhere near a Guinness.  The bartender at Prime 16 however pored it correctly, which is something that happens all the time at Plan B.  If you are planing on having a few drinks I would avoid Prime 16 and stick to Plan B unless money is not not an issue. Conclusion: If you don't eat a rare burger I would take Plan B over Prime 16 based on drink price and burger seasoning.  Both have great meat, but I prefer Plan B's in the extremely rare situations where they actually make my burger correctly (rare) instead of the overcooked crap they usually only allow customers to eat.  If you like a rare burger and don't want to gamble if it's actually going to be rare or not, than Prime 16 is your only option and honestly, you can do far worse elsewhere.  I only rated Plan B 3 stars however because they are a bunch of nannies trying to tell me how I should ear meat, which is something Prime 16 thankfully does not do. The only complaint I have with Prime 16 is the drink prices were too high and the fries were not as good as Plan B's, but I will certainly be eating at Prime 16 again for the rare burgers.
