This place should be the model for all restaurants. The aesthetics are spot on.  You walk in through a pair of brown curtains. The lighting is soft and works perfectly with the earth-tones. There is one dining room that seats about 30 people. It's very quaint and very personal. Two people basically work the floor, a server and a busser. The place was spotless, perfectly clean, very neat, very welcoming. Now to the best part...The Food. This was one of the best meals of my life and after spending much of my time eating out, this is possibly the best spot in Philadelphia. The menu is as perfectly sized and quaint as the restaurant. They offer about 5 or 6 apps along with 5 or 6 entrees. The menu changes daily, which isn't great for everyone but for me and my love of food and trying new things, I know I can always be in for a new surprise! The food is very seasonal. They focus on what is local and what is in season. My meal was perfectly sized and perfectly priced. I enjoyed 3 courses. My first was the best. I had an amazing Quail with a red wine sauce and roasted figs. It was perfect. The sauce was like nothing else I have ever tried. Very rich and complex with hints of Moroccan or Afghan spices. It was absolutely marvelous. My second course was an Alaskan Halibut over spinach, broccolini and fingerling potatoes. The sauce was composed of a very flavorful sauce composed of perfectly diced sweet peppers, onions and chorizo and mussels. It was a little bit too salty for me. But the sauce and the perfect cookery of the halibut, crisp but soft and buttery on the inside.  Lastly was my dessert. The perfect ending to a great meal. It was a goat cheese cheese cake with a passion fruit sorbet and a citrus salad made of oranges and grapefruits. The goat cheese added a tang to the sweet cheesecake without hurting its consistency. And the citrus was the perfect compliment just causing an explosion of flavor on the tongue. This dessert was perfectly sweet and perfectly bright and fresh due to the citrus. Perfect ending! This meal was amazing and those 3 courses at just under 50 dollars was perfectly okay with me! I will pay anything if the quality is there and this meal could have been even more expensive and I would not have flinched. Perfect size. I was completely full and am always pleased when the portions are perfect to allow room for dessert without being stuffed. This meal was right on. 5 stars! One of the best! Everyone should take a trip to Pumpkin!
