I went there today after reading Mary I's reveiw.  Looking for Al the bartender.  I heard he was the best since Tom Cruise in "Cocktail".  When I got there what a disapointment!!!  Al was not working; some other guy Rich or Rob??? was there instead.  I found him to be serley and completely no fun.  I tried to engauge him in conversation but all he knew about was hip-hop music & he's a white guy. Go figure. I asked him for a gin & tonic, but he didnt know how to make it.  I said its gin with tonic.  He said they didnt have any of those exotic drinks thingies and offerd me a light beer.  I then ordered food. The cook looked like he was from some tribal region of Batswana and I think he cut my chicken with a spear.  When I ask Rich/Rob why is was taking so long, he said cause the cook was taking a break to pray.  I looked in the kitchen and Kunta Kinta was kneeling over a plastic bucket with some type of idol on top made out of elbow marracronni. I asked the waitress if she could help but she was too busy one her phone & never looked up.  While I was waiting some guy sat down and ordered a Kettle & tonic with a shot of kettle. Rob/Rich seemed to know what that was.  After about five minutes two very busted looking white girls came in and sat down next to kettle & tonic guy.  They didnt order anything, gave him what looked like money. He then told them room 237 and they left. I finally got my food only to find this guy with a stupid hat and head phones sitting next to me .He ordered a tuna wrap with no tomatos and a hot tea. He then asked Rob/Rich meaninless question after question until I coudnt take it anymore more and left.  On my way out a passed a very hot guy walking in with a green basketball polo shirt on. He took my breath away. I had to go back in..... Yes!!!!! It was AL. He is everythign and more. What started as the worst resteraunt experience of my life quickly truned into the best.  Amazingly when Al got there the cook started cooking great food, the waitress put down her phone and the place lit up!!!!! Al is truly a national treasue!!!!
