Sadly, this once great place is going downhill.  I've been a long time patron now after having brunch with friends their over 8 years ago.  I have even had the pleasure of seeing a few famous faces every so often when I dine there.  Each time I return, the service seems to go down a notch, the prices go up little, and the food stays about the same.  Now, I have no problem paying for overpriced pancakes and eggs as long as the service is decent, the food is up to par, and my overall experience is enjoyable. However, on my most recent experience, I had the unfortunate experience of having a server who had a "could give a crap less" attitude, which didn't make for the greatest start to the meal.  But that's fine, I was still going to enjoy my meal there. Luckily on this occasion I only had to wait 5-10 minutes for our table.  In the past, depending on how late you got there, a wait for a table of 2 could be over an hour. But I digress, I thought I made my order pretty clear asking for one of their signature dishes - my usual (Banana Walnut Pancakes) - without one main ingredient - nuts.  I'm deathly allergic and just ask for the order without walnuts.  Pretty simple, right?  Unfortunately not if your server isn't really paying attention.   After getting our food and knowing what the order is supposed to look like, I knew that the server had gotten my order wrong.  We tried to find the server, who seemed to have disappeared.  We finally tracked him down and waved him over, to which he assumed we wanted our check, since this was the first time he came in the vicinity of our table after taking our order.  Apparently, it would be too much to expect that he check-in to see how everything was after we received our food.   I explained to him that I wanted the Banana Walnut Pancakes, without walnuts.  To which he responded "So you just want sautéed bananas."  I agreed, not realizing what he actually entered my order as.  He was kind enough to come over after returning my order to the kitchen and said it would be out in about 3 minutes.   My order reappeared in about 1.  It seemed right, not taking a bite out of it initially.  However, it seemed that the raw, fully sliced banana that was sitting on my pancakes a few minutes ago had merely been replaced with sautéed bananas, about 3 slices to be exact - it usually comes with about 6 slices, as I could tell from the indentation made by the initial banana.  As a patron (and past employee) of any good restaurant, returned food should NEVER be merely replaced, if not thrown out all together.  It should be completely re-done and made to order as requested by a customer.  This would have been something that the server realized had he ever come over to actually see how our food was, especially after being returned to the kitchen.   I ate about half of my meal, since I didn't really enjoy it as much as I usually did, but I couldn't completely put my figure on why.  The pancakes just seemed different.  After receiving our check, I finally realized why my usual delicious order of Sautéed Banana Walnut Pancakes just didn't taste as good.  Instead of getting the Sautéed Banana Walnut Pancakes, I instead received sour dough pancakes with bananas added.  Interesting, since I didn't even know I could add-on fruit. My husband found the eggs to be a bit runny and the food overall just OK.  The biscuits were delicious as always, although smaller than they have been in the past. To say the least, we won't be returning to Bubby's any time soon, if ever.  I would love to give this place I once used to love another chance, but I find it difficult when it just seems like too much to ask for your food to be what you ordered and actually have servers who care and work for the gratuity that they are getting.  There are WAY too many good restaurants in this city to waste our time waiting in line for overpriced, mediocre food here.  Especially when our brunch for two of pancakes, eggs, juice, and soda, not one ounce of alcohol drank, ran us $65.  I can get much more bang for my buck somewhere else.  And their cash only policy seems quite shady.
