Just got home from my first meal at this brand new restaurant in West Hartford's Blue Back Square. Tonight was it's official opening night so when the waiter announcing the $3000 fresh pasta maker was broken came as a bit of a surprise. Upon walking in, first impressions are impressive. A large, open space mixing metropolitan high ceilings and decor with tuscan warmth and rustic details. They also presented us immediately with complimentary wine and cheese/meat tasting. Very smart way to educate the customer to the italian only wine list and the overall traditional rustic cuisine concept of the restaurant. We did book a reservation, so waiting for a table was annoying, however the tasting was a distraction. After not super long we were walked to our table which was in the back room section of the restaurant. The decor felt more forced than the rest of the place. Like it was an afterthought kind of room with a wine rack on one side, very tall (drafty) windows on the other and a photo mural of wine barrels covering the back wall. It felt a bit "chain" style. Like a Panera or something. (ok not quite that bad :) On to the food. They brought bland room temperature bread to the table with a lovely herbed olive oil to dip it in. We were a table of 7 so the dipping bowl was awkward to deal with. We ended up each messily pouring the oil onto our bread plates. Peppered and salted it was a decent starter, although as a whole the presentation was lackluster. Tuscan bread should be an experience! This felt like not a lot of care was put into it. There was more care in the folding of the napkin cradling the bread than the bread itself. And they need a better system for the oil. The quality of the olive oil is fantastic. Amazing texture and lightness. But the added herbs did not make much of a flavor statement. Salad greens were enjoyed by all, except the orange and fennel salad had a culinary school vibe. Like the cook just discovered fennel and will treat everyone else like they have never tasted it. Very amateurish. The quality of ingredients again was very high however. A friend said the salted cod mashed potatoes were fantastic, although not something he couldn't easily make at home. The entrees were eh on all accounts. It sucks when you don't feel like finishing your meal. I had the organic salmon with asparagus and farro. Sounded simple to me! Again, quality was fantastic. The salmon was everything it should have been. The farro and asparagus obviously good quality but the combination of flavors missed the mark.    Was it too buttery? I don't even know, it just wasn't awesome, and for $24 it should have been. Also there were only a few slivers of asparagus. I'm saying, load it up! Here's the overview: Pros: nice decor friendly service good manager fresh ingredients simple menu Cons: untrained waitstaff (non existent wine service) mediocre food presentation over thought flavors to seemingly simple dishes borderline corporate ambiance Bottom line: If you're looking for amazing and creative italian, stick to Bricco. If you have to take the suits out to a business dinner and they wont know the difference, it's perfect. If you love fresh ingredients and a metropolitan meets rustic/farm fresh feel, check out Firebox in Hartford. Much better food for you buck. Hey it's brand new place so give it some time to warm up. Maybe they can warm up their bread while they're at it.
