For those not in the know, when wandering down 6th Avenue as you pass by the Hilton, you can easily miss the finest New York's finest street fare.  Or maybe not.  Anytime from about dinner time to 4:00 am, you would be hard pressed to miss the line of, at any given time, forty to fifty people waiting.  Its comical at first because you wonder what the line is for.  Surely it can't be for the street cart.  Surely it is for some secret underground club whose doors are underneath the street cart.  Ha. No, it really is for the Halal Cart at 53rd and 6th.  They serve three kinds of meat.  You choose chicken, beef, or lamb, or mixed, or any combination thereof.  Then you choose whether you want it on a pita as a sandwich ($4), with pita as a platter ($5), or with rice as a platter $6).  The rice is laced with saffron and served over a bed of lettuce.  The meat is savory and always perfectly seasoned.  I don't know what kind of magic they do to it, but that first bite is insanely good.  I always go for the rice platter.  Its enough for two people. Its a bit of a madhouse.  You need to know what you want and say it fast, have your money out, exact change preferred.  If you don't know what to get, just say chicken rice platter to go, white and red sauce.  You'll get a yellow plastic bag with everything you need to assemble away from the crowd that is pushing around you to get their order in. Then, once you get your food, you sidle over to the side of the cart where the white (yogurt based sauce) sauce and spicy red sauce await.  First, you can never put too much white sauce on.  Second, the red sauce will blow your brains out.  It reminds me of siracha, only more concentrated, but has the same quality of adding a subtle flavor that once you've had it, you'll feel like something is missing if you don't at least put a little on.  If you're on the run and don't want to put the sauce on right there, ask for the little to go containers they will oblige. Its a sight to see, everything from starving college students, high powered lawyers, girls dressed for a club night out, and everything in between sitting on whatever they can find to devour their food.  Although most plates are easily enough for two, don't be surprised as you scoop up the last bit of rice by yourself.
