I have to be honest about my post here. All though one part of me wants to rate it as a 2 star, I will be honest and go with my 4 stars. Im a big fan of their menu and dishses which is probably the most important. I love brunch and its hard to decide over the french toast or their spanish breakfast (not sure what the name is). Dinner, well I have my favorite 3 dishes depending on my mood, hanger steak when Im feeling like having a big piece of meet, penne chicken for a pasta carb night, or chipotle chicken for a kick of spice and healthier ingredients (when its on the menu). Sadly my favorite, Indonesian chicken was removed from the menu. The reason I would partly rate this as a 2 star was... I have been a customer for 4 + years, ordering take out once a week and dining in through warmer weather as I like to sit outside. MANY MANY times I walk my dog to pick up my take our order and ask the waitress or hostess that I ordered and there to pick it up. Mind you, I understand NYC health codes and never go into the dining area (behind the fence). The waitress was absolutely nasty to me and refused to even get the hostess for me. She didnt want to get someone to help me or grab my order. In fact she wasted more time refusing then getting my meal. Finally I waived the hostess down and she also refused to help me. She pretty much stated that I  have to get it from the bar which was what 30 feet away from the door she stood in. I didnt get why they had to waste so much energy and time saying no as opposed to helping a long time paying customer. In fact every time I pick up take out I also tip the bar tender even though all he does is take my order. The hostess wouldnt get my order but then offered to stand outside with my dog!!!! DOES THAT MAKE ANY SENSE?! I told the bar tender I will never order from them again, he seemed to be concerned and quite frankly the nicest of the staff there. He insisted I speak to the manager. I dont know the manager's name but I seen the manager there numerous times in the past when she was a waitress. The manager was NO HELP, although apologetic but not empathetic. Since then I have not dined in or ordered take out once. Im sure business wont suffer but I would rather spend my money on businesses that have employees that are helpful and not nasty and rude like Cafe Orlin. thanks for the years of delicious food but whatever new staff you have, I say kick them to the curb. Side notes, restaurant is very loud, tables are close, mood is dimly lit.
