My date mentioned this place to me a few times, I think deep inside he is Mario Batali's number one fan (I doubt he will admit it though). He knows good food, he knows good Italian food, BUT hold your breath, this is not one of Batali's Italian gems. This is when I guess Batali was trying to get out of his comfort zone of Italian culinary and might I say did a great job with this Spanish tapa joint. I'm not a seasoned Italian foodie, but those that are familiar with Batali's food say this Spanish tapa place has an Italian flavor to it. First of all, if you ever visit Casa Mono, please sit by the bar where you will see the food made right in front of you, almost home-style with no plastic hand gloves (you know the way your mom or grandma makes your favorite dish at home, before everyone became a germaphobe). My date insisted that we sit by the bar and I'm glad we did. We enjoyed as the guys showed us the art of making mouth-watering small-plates while enjoying a good wine. Believe you me, if you are on a match or OKCupid date, you will at least have something to talk about in case you run out of things to say to each other. You just watch and see how the guys at Casa Mono make the food and talk about the different plates as they come out heading to their respective tables. It's also a plus in that the place is intimate, so it should make for a great date. This is not an overstatement when I say every dish looked like a piece of art and what we ate tasted like the best thing in the world, definitely tasted like 5-star food. One good plate came after the other, from good cheese, salads, seafood, beef, chicken, pork. I won't name the plates we had because a few people on this page have reviewed these plates pretty well & thoroughly. What a way to get introduced to Batali. The only negative about this place is that if you do a sit down during dinner-time (that's when we went & we went on a packed Sunday), I don't know about any other time of the day, you have to buy a minimum of 5 tapas for two people. That can be quite heavy on the pocket.  Per my recollection, the average cost of each of these tapas was somewhere between $15 and $18. Now think about multiplying that by five. Keep in mind that there are items that cost on the high end of the spectrum, i.e., over $20, some are on the low end, like $9. I'm not sure if this 5 tapas order requirement is the norm or if it was just for that evening. It may be worth going once in a while when you want to impress your date or when you want to treat that special lady in your life to something different or ladies, if you want take your man out for his birthday.   It's an awesome place!!!!
