I stay with a few friends here in Vermont when I can come for the summer, so I waited until the end of summer before writing my review so I could give an accurate & honest assessment of my experiences there instead of one great stop or one truly horrible one because all kitchens have good & bad days and I wanted to give a true picture of my overall experience since I experienced both in this cute little country store now that it's not a gas station. It's always been a quaint little place that has a homey, real country feel to it, It's usually quite relaxed (occasional squabbles in family run places are to be expected but still, whenever I heard chaos coming from the back, I'd leave because I wanted food, not tantrums and theatrics). I stopped in frequently it was conveniently located on Rte 4 and I passed by it nearly every day. I liked that it is quaint, homey, and the array of flavors for the soft serve is incredible with cost being relatively reasonable. One truly unique offering I've never seen anywhere else was that sometimes one could get a soft serve twist with something other than the standard black & white if the person taking the order knew how to do it! I loved that I could watch the process of it being made! Their prices are a bit steeper than some of the local competitors, but, their ice cream competitors don't offer the selection of soft serve that these folks do, either. It sort-of reminded me of a mini Whistlestop (a previous summer fav of mine some years ago, before they closed). The variety of product under that roof is nothing short of remarkable, and it was overwhelming - even confusing- when I first went in, but as the summer progressed I figured it out in the time it took to prepare the orders once I went from strictly ice cream and ventured into the foods section since ordering from the food menu usually meant a lengthy wait. If you're in a hurry, I'd strongly suggest calling ahead... and if it's really busy you still might end up waiting a bit. Being laid back is all part of the charm of the country, though, isn't it? I checked out a couple bbq menu items due to the great reviews I'd seen from others. Had I stuck to the ice cream, the number of stars would be much higher, but the smell from the bbq & deli selections had my belly growling for real food. Things went downhill once I strayed from the ice cream menu. The first incident, I chalked up to a bad day in the kitchen. The sandwich I ordered was a pulled pork bulkie with "the works", which means pickle, onion, cheddar cheese and cole slaw with this store. It was served on a burnt roll, rock hard & black. I couldn't eat the bread but the pork was fairly good: moist & hot, with a sauce that tasted good, but it also tasted familiar, like a product I often use at home. The noticeable difference being theirs was a bit sweeter and had a thinner consistency than the brand I buy (I had asked for extra on the side & was obliged with a smile and a "No problem"). Some of the "works" were noteworthy, too. The store smelled of sauteed onion that day, so I agreed to them when asked what I wanted on it. If offered regularly, I only timed it right that one day because that was the only time I received what truly tasted like sauteed onion - after that, asking for the onion, they'd be hot but seemed to also be somewhat raw. The hot slaw had me raising my brow too, but I did eat it. I can't say it tasted "good" or "bad" but in my mind, slaw is a cold product & it didn't seem right to be eating it hot. I was worried I might become ill, but I didn't: it was simply odd.. I also tried ribs at one point and the smoked loin (really yummy!) and even the brisket & beans, but veered from the bbq after trying all but the smoked loin - that's something I'd have tried again. Sure, everything was tasty enough, but like I said, so similar to what I can do at home that I decided to stick to the sandwich menu & save the money I was dropping on bbq. The deli sandwiches were piled high with the fixin's - of which there were several options to choose from! The rolls were soft & seemed fresh (even for the hot options, I would have stuck with fresh instead of toasted, hoping to avid the previous experience), but as with the ice cream, portion seemed to vary according to the person making it for me... so did the quality. I stopped ordering from the deli after finding hair in one of my sandwiches. The owner did compensate me but after that, I stuck to the ice cream if I stopped. Very friendly staff most days, and willing to accommodate several of the customers with special requests, based on what I'd see as I waited...but there seemed to be a good deal of confusion, disorganization and on more than one occasion, chaos. Due to the soft serve variety, yes, I will go back when I return next summer, but it's pretty much a given that I'll be sticking to ice cream menu if I stop.
