Though I generally do not go this far to complain about an eatery ( I usually let them know they were bad by simply not going back) I have decided to write this in order to let the owners know that they are dropping the ball in countless ways.  Tonight's lack of effort in creating a professional experience has crossed the line into the realm of worst diner to go to. Last week I went for dinner and inquired about an item not on their menu. Skirt Steak.  I was told that they would check to see if they had any in stock and the manager returned in a few minutes to let me know they had it.  Our table ordered two steaks and 20 minutes later we received two plates, each with small pieces of skirt steak on it.  I instantly realized that they had used one steak and sliced it in half and then opened them to make them appear like more meat.  In doing so, they overcooked the meat and the single steak is all they had in the kitchen.  I was forced to send it back and have something else.  There was no apology for the lousy job of presentation or the sneaky way in which they tried to make it seem like there was skirt steak to be had in the diner. When the salad appeared, the bowl was filled with wet greens that had an aftertaste of chemicals.  I could barely eat it, as wet salads are very unappetizing.  The tomatoes had been poorly cut...  more like mashed into pieces, and they did not even remove the stem ends. Sadly, I decided to return because one of the waiters there was very nice and we looked forward to chatting with him on our visits. Tonight, I decided to go there for a bagel and lox platter...  the same one I had gone in to enjoy on several other nights and mornings.  Although inconsistent with their presentation and the service at the table, I was completely unprepared for a waiter, a cook and a manager and owner all telling me that I could not have the capers that usually came on the plate without paying extra for them.  I have never sat down and asked the price of the food I am eating.  After all, it is not my job to set prices in a diner or restaurant.  What I do expect is to be treated like a patron of an establishment with respect and courtesy  I have no reason to lie about a spoonful of capers on a dish.  Especially when it was obviously lacking in tonight's order and it is the contrasting savory item in this particular platter The manager was an expert in saying NO in about 7 different ways.  Unfortunately, she continued to say NO despite my explaining that if consistency could not be maintained that no amount of redecoration would make their business a success.  It was obvious that these people handling my situation are not owners because only an idiot would allow three patrons to leave after they said the event would keep them from every spending another dime there. It is my recommendation that if you are looking for a local diner you drive to tic-toc.  They dont have great tasting water but their food is as average as Allwoods.  AND, if you have the gumption to drive to a really fabulous diner then I would go to Saddlebrook Diner.  With only one exception (when they ran out of lox and cooked the new batch  while defrosting it) I have had nothing bad to say about their food, portions or quality control. It is my opinion that unless these owners get a handle on the people who work for them, the cooks who run their kitchen into the ground and their managers who have no interest in keeping their business flourishing, the diner will fall back into old traditions of lousy service, food and empty tables. Need food?  Go elsewhere.
