Short Version: Angry abusive owner (with a weird racial component?) consistent with other reviews on here. Kicked us out of the restaurant for complaining about how we were treated by some weird employee (who turned out to be him). Cursed at us when we said we'd leave but that we're going to post the content of his actions to yelp. Wife in tears and ruined my anniversary. Long Version:   Consistent with other reviews here, the place was overly crowded with poor service and organization. We asked to borrow a menu to read while we waited 30 minutes for a table. While looking it over some guy (who turned out to be the owner) walked over and snatched it out my hands while mumbling something about needing it. My father in law walked back in to complain to the gals in front who gave us the menu about the weird guy. He's upset, but the conversation is all cordial but importantly is in Spanish. The weird guy (owner) comes back in, can't really follow the conversation so has his people translating. Father in law walks back out, and a minute later one of the Spanish speaking employees tells us that the owner has asked us to leave. Everyone is sober, everything up to now has been cordial, but he explains the owner felt "disrespected" and so we had to go. We weren't to "challenge" him. Never been kicked out of a restaurant before particularly on an anniversary so my wife is now on the sidewalk  in tears. My father in law goes back to find out what the hell happened. This time it's in English and the owner is taking a more neutral stance, but then mid conversation walks away from my father in law and starts telling me he can't be told off in his own place. I tell him, that's fine we're leaving and if he's got something to say he can leave it as a response on yelp because we're sure going to tell others how we we're treated. His only response was to loudly call me an assh**** next to a bunch of tables as we leave. Read some of the other reviews on here, the owner is a real piece of work. Not giving him any of my money.
