THE FOOD IS GREAT, BUT.... I took off 2 stars reluctantly. I was hovering between 3 or 4 stars but I finally settled on 3 stars. I ate lunch here on a rainy day (more like a drizzly day) and the restaurant was completely empty.  Only 1 other customer came to pick up a take out order. When I arrived, the hostess was having a rather animated conversation (in English) with a customer on the phone. I believe this is the same hostess who the other reviewers say yells all the time. To me, she speaks in a very quick shrill voice which is not the greatest to hear when you want to eat in peace. I had been looking forward to eating here for quite a while, since I love Thai food and the ratings from other sites seemed high. My order was a lunch special consisting of Jasmine tea, coconut rice and shrimp shumai (lunch special). The food was very flavorfull, well cooked, and delicious. The rice did not taste very "coco-nutty", but it was still good. The shrimp shumai are bite sized but very filling. The hostess did pour my tea and showed me a trick to making great tea :) To me, an empty restaurant is not a good sign, even on a slightly rainy day. I feel that customers probably prefer to take out food although the interior is nicely decorated. However, the lighting is a bit dark and not as welcoming as it could be. I didn't care for the "Budweiser" menus or the cheap paper place mats on the elegant tables, very tacky. Consider that  many items on the dinner menu are as high as $22 per serving which isn't cheap. All the lunch specials are $8.95. This price range puts it on a PF Chang's footing, but Chang's far exceeds them in terms of interior and service. The Japanese restaurant down the street, Ginza, is not as fancy but the service is great, the interior is decent (no frills) and your food comes fast (it isn't as great, but it's still pretty good). All foodies know that great food is 90% of dining out, but service and ambience count for a lot too. Tamarind Grill could EASILY get up to a consistent 5 star level or even higher if it would offer a more welcoming and customer friendly atmosphere, play some mood music, and offer service comparable to other Asian restaurants in the area. I hope they are able to see that people really love the food, but deserve to have a complete eat-in restaurant experience.
