I grew up in the south, and this was southern style, but not southern. First, the cornbread- like everyone seems to agree on- was excellent. But it's just cornbread, after all. I went with my friend. She ordered catfish with collard greens and fried okra. I ordered the bbq chopped pork with black eyed peas and potato salad. You've also got to BYOB. Her greens looked good- not sloppy, and she liked them. The catfish looked average. I'm used to fresh catfish fry in the single wide trailor remodeled into a bar, in the country. I don't know what she thought of the okra, she didn't finish. I can't stand the stuff, so I can't tell you- but the coloring was a little pale. My potato salad was excellent. Connecticut folks make the worst potato salad- if you ever go to a deli or have it catered, it's nasty. Bland potatoes and mayo. This stuff was great- just like back home. They coulda doctored it up more- it is salad after all- but not a single complaint other than I wish I'd gotten more. The blackeyed peas were great, too. Very tasty and soft- they can cook them right. The pork... was awful. I was SO bummed. I am a BBQ connesieur. The flavor wasn't terrible, but I did need to spice it up with hot sauce, and there was no real BBQ taste too it at all. It also seemed like it had been stewed- not BBQ'd. It had a very odd texture. The meat had ALOT of gristle and fatty pieces. There were some pieces that were just fat and had a very off flavor. The meat itself, when you ate it, was a little stringy. I have had worse, but this is NOT BBQ of the south- I don't know any proper southerner that would call it soul food. I don't want to dis this place. It says alot when you get collard greens and awesome salad. I should have had to fried chicken, because I still have not found a place in Connecticut that is true southern homestyle, sticking to your ribs, makes you wanna take a nap afterwards, food. This wasn't bad, and did seem like something I'd eat back home. The only thing I didn't like was the pork. I won't go out of my way to go here, but if I were ever in the neighborhood again, I wouldn't write it off.
