Horrible, horrible customer service!! My husband wanted a cannoli cake for his birthday.  We had a cannoli cake made several years back for our wedding but it was from Chimirri's and it was excellent.  I decided to order from Mozziato's instead (don't know why).  I called and told whomever I spoke to that my husband wanted a cannoli for his birthday and if that was something they made there.  She said yes, she said we have the vanilla, chocolate, or the sweet cream ricotta.  I told the lady I spoke to that I wanted the sweet cream ricotta filling.  She took down my information and set up a pick up time.  A few days later I pick up the cake, bring it home and when we cut into the cake it was chocolate and vanilla...no ricotta cream at all in it.  We still went ahead and sliced into it and everyone took a few bites of the cake and that was it.  No one liked it including my husband.  I was so disappointed.  I called the bakery that same day to let them know what happened and I was told to call back the following day to speak with the manager.   This man was incredibly rude!! I started to tell him what the issue I had was and only a few words in, he interrupts me  and starts talking.  He wouldn't let me get a word in. I finally had to tell him to please let me speak because he interrupted me and kept talking over me and he tells me "You talk too much".  Unbelievable!! He didn't ever apologize for the mix up and refused to take any responsibility.  He kept telling that the order slip never specified what kind of cannoli cake I wanted.  I told him I did specify and it wasn't my fault that the lady who took my order didn't wright it in.  He finally yelled out, "what do you want from me!" I told him I wanted a refund.  Normally, I wouldn't request a refund seeing as we cut into the cake and tried it (it was awful) but after the hard time this man is giving and his rudeness, I wanted my money back. Of course, I didn't get my money back...he says we don't do that.  Instead, he wants to give me another cake.  My husband birthday was the day before, what are going to do... a re-do of his birthday?  He then offered me a store credit but, honestly, why would I want to do business with someone who is so rude and doesn't take any responsibility when they make an error? This is my first review ever, but this is how angry and disappointed I am with Mozzicato's.  I did tell him I was writing up a review and he scoffed and told me to go ahead.  He said he didn't care because they have been in business for so long and his products are superb.  You may have your old customers that are used to the rudeness but let me tell you, you are not gaining any new ones with that attitude. I highly recommend Chimirri's is your looking for a great cake and good customer service.  They made my wedding cake and it was excelllent!! Shame on you Mozzicato's!!
