I've been in the mood for a good BBQ for a while now. After pulling up Yelp and reading about Sally's, I decided to pay a visit (plus it was a short walk from my hotel). Sally's did not disappoint. The environment and food here make an eclectic reproduction of the cultures across the south. You might feel like you walked in off of Bourbon Street in New Orleans, or somewhere downtown in Memphis, Jackson, or Savannah. I was slightly disappointed that there was no live music playing though---I seem to recall one reviewer saying bands play here almost every night. Looking at their website now I see that's not exactly true---I was just unlucky enough to go on one of the few nights that no one was scheduled to play. If you want to listen to music while you're there, make sure to check Sally's events page to see when they have people playing (blackeyedsallys.com/even…). The food and service were pretty decent. I ended up getting the 'Pig Out' plate which consisted of pork ribs, pulled pork, and sausage with 2 sides (rice/beans and cheese grits). The ribs were kinda meh, not the best I've ever had, but decent. When taking a bite of the sausage I was surprised, and in a good way---unfortunately there wasn't very much of it. The beans and rice were OK, but I couldn't finish them since I left them for last. The cheese grits tasted awesome. They instantly reminded me of some home cooked meals I've had while living in Georgia *Mmm Mmmmm* I also really enjoyed the pulled pork and almost wished I got a plate of just that instead. By the end of my meal I was looking at the dessert menu. The Bourbon Pecan Pie probably would have been the perfect end to my southern meal, but at the last minute I changed my mind in favor of the Chocolate Explosion instead (I'm a sucker for chocolate). It was very tasty. All in all, I'd say that Black-Eyed Sally's is worth a visit if you're hankerin' for some southern comfort. I'll definitely come by here again during my next trip to Hartford (and maybe try out the Jambalaya).
