Good stuff! Very clean place. Before I say anything about the food, you have to know that this place has the nicest restroom I have ever seen in any restaurant. Great atmosphere! Love the little bench, plant, and wall colors. It doesn't even feel like you are in a place of business despite having a hand dryer (BTW a strong one, they didn't chintz out just because they are a small business). The toilet seat was so clean, I didn't even flinch when my 4 YO daughter jumped up to sit on it, and I didn't even mind sitting on it without placing TP all over it. A true rarity, and delight! My daughter also loved the sink because she found it easy for her to work all by herself. They even leave a can of Glade air-freshener in there, just in case. That all said . . . The food was all prepared well & the other five reviews I see here are on the money. This may sound silly, but I loved the fact that the water they serve there actually tastes GREAT. I am accustomed to getting tap water in restaurants, non filtered & possibly poorly covered up by a wedge of lemon. This ice water is so good they could sell it. Their iced coffee is smooth & tasty. The special green Pandan drink with coconut & jello in it is tasty too, my wife (a 100% Filipina) loved it. We opened with Lumpiang Shanghai as an appetizer.  Mmmmm good. This was my daughter's favorite of the meal. I liked the sauce that came with it. Worth getting again for sure. I had the Som Tom salad. New experience for me, and it seemed like it was great, but the spices seemed a bit strong to me. Don't get me wrong, I do like spicy things. But, I kept thinking that I was tasting a strong dose of ginger, which I don't mind in small amounts. The thing is, I know there was no ginger in there, so I believe this was actually the lime juice somehow working with the other spices. I ate it all, and I am glad I did, but I'll try another salad in the future, and maybe come back to this when I'm expecting it. I also had a chicken meal that I forget the name of. I believe it was pandanus chicken. It was tied together with a pandan leaf & served with pandanus sauce. Very tasty. The sauce really makes it. I even got a little side of even MORE Som Tom salad (chuckle). This one could easily become my regular meal if I were to be a regular. Grilled pork belly was what my wife had. She says that it tastes like it should, really good, with lots of fat. Deserts were Sans Rival (GET THIS!) & Halo-Halo (as good as you will find on American soil).
