Well... have to admit that the Yelp crowd is quick! Tap House doesn't even have its grand opening until later this week and I appear to be the 6th writer in with an early opinion. In fairness, they've had a week or so now to serve a few hundred patrons and they're still working out some kinks but having tried a couple entrees, I'd like to compliment them on their rock bass and on their efforts on behalf of the vegetarian crowd. Let me say that I'm not a vegetarian, even though I know vegetarian options are frequently better for me. I just like good food and I thought the barbecued seitan was really tasty. Portions were more than adequate. I'll watch to see that they stay that way. Our table shared a number of the apps. I loved the sausage trio, the sweet potato fries, and the cheese plate. The kitchen seemed pretty brave in a "pre-opening" sort of way. They served a crowd of at least a hundred on the evening that we were there. The chef still managed to visit with us and the wait staff never got flustered. The atmosphere is outstanding... eat inside... eat outside (above the street traffic, btw). Decor and design are two strengths. The place is visually impressive...  a huge, polished copper bar (as someone else mentioned) then all the slate and reclaimed wood. I like places that feature kitchens, which are open to the dining area. Of course, it is a TAP house. Sixty brews on tap! Is there another place in the region with that many beers on tap? It's a widely and wisely varied selection... the beer steward stopped with us to advise on some of the more exotic brews. He probably had a lot to do with the compilation of the beer menu. The bar appears well stocked but to be honest, unless I'm going the romantic route with a red wine or feeling in a Makers Mark sort of mood, beer is what matters. Tap House doesn't try to be Monk's. They just feature a lot of interesting, fresh beers at prices that are close to or maybe a tad below what I'm accustomed to at other class beer joints around town (Monk's, Eulogy, Belgian Cafe, etc.). Great place for before or after the movies at The Bridge. I'm excited about the Center City expansion into the West Philly / UPenn area. It is early yet so I'm reserving a second opinion for later (like maybe once the place has been open for a month) but I most definitely liked what I saw and tasted. Good luck to City Tap House.
