I dined at PYT this past Tuesday 3/13/12. I was very excited to dine here because I followed them on Twitter and enjoyed their weekly burger special. We arrived to the restaurant a little after 9pm and were sat right away by the hostess who informed us that they were busy and to give our server a few minutes to get to our table. Although there were open tables throughout the restaurant I understood and we waited about 10-15 minutes for our server to come to our table. When she came I asked her about the burger club special and she said she would have the hostess come over to have us sign up (which he never did). She took our entire order, came back at least 5-7minutes later with our drinks (rootbeer and water) and we were sitting right next to the server station and by the kitchen door. After she brought us our drinks she did not come back to our table until we were all finished with our meal and we asked her for our check. When our food arrived we were not given any napkins, silverware or ketchup. I had to get up and get us napkins from the bar counter. I ordered the lasagna burger and was excited to eat it but the lasagna was ice cold inside. After we finished our meals and our server finally came back to "check on" us we asked her for the check and I once again asked her about the burger club, and finally I was able to do that but then it took her at least another 10-15 minutes to get our check and she walked by us multiple times before she came up and told me she was waiting for her manager to take 50% off my burger for the burger club. Being that I work in the industry I found this experience extremely disappointing.  The host watched 2 different couples sit down at a table in our section and wait at least 10 minutes for someone to come over to them and when no one did they got up and left. At this point a manager should have been notified or he could have at least took their drink order. Not once did I see a manager in the restaurant the entire night. I also observed a table get seated from the bar by the host, so they at least had their beverages, but he did not bring them menus for at least 10 minutes and they waited a long while for their server as well. Overall, I would not dine here again, the food was not worth the terrible service and experience. I would have liked to have been able to at least talk to a manager but tried to contact them on Facebook and Twitter and have received no response. Don't waste your money on their over-priced burgers....
