Yes, its as good as its gets.  I lived in the building behind Pepes and people would call me to ask how long the line is.  I never went to Sally's because they are assholes and went on a regular basis to every place on that small italian street except Sallys.  I had a view of the park on Chapel street and let me tell you the white clam pizza at Pepes is transcendental.  Seriously its messed up how good it is. Ok, with that stated, Modern Apizza.  If you live in New Haven you don't say all that you just say Moderns'.  Fucked up.  I don't know about the new place because I was at Yale more than 10 years ago and I looked at the website and I don't see a damn thing I recognize.  But, 1934 is a long time ago and I can speak to the tradition at work when I was there. When I wanted to do something special and drink a pitcher of dark beer with my best friend and have the best pizza, we would leave the cocksuckers in little Italy and head to moderns.  Not because it was less popular, no.  Not because it was less expensive.  Not because the atmosphere is friendly as opposed to the fuck you attiude on that goddamn street which is a front for a bunch of other new haven shit. The reason we went to Moderns is because, precisely because it is the best.  Its been some years and I have a flat ass from so much travel around the fricken planet and you know what?  I have the family's memory and a tedious and precise mind.  No fuckin way.  Not in New Haven and not in the US and I have been there is there a better pie and I absolutely do not owe them any favors. Pepes is the best.  You fuckin know it and you will stand in line and you will drink beer and cahoot and holler until you start masticating that damn thin crust CRACKER.  Oh shit!  You only take cash?  Are you guys a front for coke? Shhhhh.... Everyone knows, now the secret.  Moderns is better.  Fuck the other reviews its worth driving from Montana.  Worth every penny and there better not be a line the next time when I return. Chicago thick crust?  Yeah you like thick ladies is what.  Disgusting...though I know some big ladies who are still hot...  I have not been to italy no- actually I have.  But not Rome and I think to prove the point thats where I would have to go. We all have our preferences and opinions and some people live around the corner you bastards.  Modern Apizza, New Haven CT. Beat it.
