"The man who makes a success of an important venture never wails for the crowd. He strikes out for himself. It takes nerve, it takes a great lot of grit; but the man that succeeds has both. Anyone can fail. The public admires the man who has enough confidence in himself to take a chance. These chances are the main things after all. The man who tries to succeed must expect to be criticized. Nothing important was ever done but the greater number consulted previously doubted the possibility. Success is the accomplishment of that which most people think can't be done." -C. V. White   With the above statement, I agree with the fact that with success, critics come as well. Critic is fine but its totally different when it comes to haters, yes HATERS... It's been 5 years I have known Himalayan Yak. And every time I go there I enjoy every moment. Himalayan Yak has always given me an essence of being in homely environment with twist of technology and the foods are marvelous, I have literally tried everything, from goat intestine to Thali to chicken Lolipop, u name it.. Presentations are good as well.. I remember once in my village, I had a buckwheat rice on a slab of a stone..And nobody cared about if its sanitary enuf, or if its oily, greasy.. Life is simple out there. And out of sudden in America they started complaining that food is oily and this and that bla bla bla..    As a matter of fact, I think (my perspective) Haters are complaining because the name "Himalayan Yak" represents so many region, culture, tribes, cast and people, that everyone is expecting the food to represent their preference and type. It's a fusion between cultures, and with change comes inventions. Enjoy the versatility of food rather than whining about oil and spices. The foods are AUTHENTIC, You know it and I know it too.    You know(my perspective) probably this people (haters) are some other business(restaurant) owner whose business has been nailed by Yak.  They couldn't confront the fact, so they are showing their anger/frustration through virtual world (internet) and leaving reviews like " ohh..Found a hair in my food...  The food is greasy uff so oily... the food is spicy..."  Brother back home, the foods are 3 times spicier and oilier, I bet you didn't have any problem there because you were in Nepal/Tibet/India. And now suddenly you are whining about few drops of oil. I took bunch of my American friends, Polish, Jamaicans and they all loved it. The fact that hurts most is our own people are complaining and leaving such a bad review. Shame on you guys.       The reason for saying all of this is, I support the truth. And the truth is HIMALYAN YAK IS A GREAT RESTAURANT WITH MOUTH WATERING DELICIOUS CUISINE, WHICH SATISFIES EVERY INCH OF  MY STOAMCH AND MY MIND.  It takes a while to get a food, I agree ....but all that waiting is all worth it. Don't you agree that  It takes time to make fresh good things,. All dish are prepared fresh, I will wait to have a freshly made cuisine rather than rush to a Fastfood restaurants (pre-cooked food and store for the day that how fast food works),    how did I know all this? The staffs were so friendly and generous enough, that the Manager himself gave me a brief on how it's prepared (I kept asking) and you can tell it with your palate, taste the difference hmmm m hungry already.                    The "live band" is another smart touch,  I would say. You see renowned artist like Firoj Dai (1974 AD), Singing and mingling with people. The Band is awesome and the music just rocks. Most of all Himalayan Yak Rocks and has been rocking NY for past 5 -6 yrs... and it always feels good to see my country being represented.  God bless Himalayak yak and God bless to all who made it possible.     Go to Himalayan Yak and experience the flavors of warmth, joy, and happiness.
