Let's get the good out of the way first, since the bad will take a long time to write down. Bear with me folks; I grew up in Princeton, and have a lot to say about this place. So, the good: My waitress was nice, didn't catch her name. Informative, friendly, good sense of humor. Seemed a bit swamped at times though, as if the mgmt gave her too many tables at once. OK, now for the bad. First Impression: Hostess was nice, young girl with reddish hair. However, we were shown to our table by another woman, short black hair, who I assumed to be the manager. She was wearing a VERY short and revealing dress and very loud heal, which frankly didn't seem appropriate for the environment, or for any restaurant for that matter. Couldn't help but thinking she was working for someone else's eyes and attention. Decor: Overall, pretty tacky. No real sense of personality. Lighting was nice, but the rooms sparse. Trying too hard to embrace the "farm" theme, with little understanding of what farming entails. Servers in plaid shirts, as if Williamsburg came in and threw up all over the restaurant. Weird pics of vegetables on the wall, and that's all for decor. Wine/Liquor: Wine list is OK. Some good, mostly average, nothing new or different. Much better wine selections in other restaurants in town. Seems as if they're pushing people to buy bottles rather than by the glass, which is unfair, and their by the glass selection isn't very good to begin with. Seems like the typical "I've spent two weeks in Napa Valley" wine selection. Liquor and beer is nice, though. Didn't bother with a cocktail, as I can't justify spending $12 on a drink. Food: Ah, at last. What a disappointment!! The chef is heralded as some genius (or so his own site says), but frankly I couldn't find any brilliance, originality, or craft in the food. I had the cod fritters to start, which were incredibly salty, as if the chef forgot to soak them. My friend had the octopus, and the portion was so small it could've fit on a cracker. For entrees, I had the chicken, my friend the pork chop. The chicken, too, was incredibly salty. The beans it came with were tough, not fully cooked. And there was a pinkish liquid on the plate which I assume was the sauce, but reminded me instead of the liquid you find in a bag of raw chicken you buy at the store. Not a pleasant sight. The chop too was overly salted, and very bright pink in parts, which is never good for pork. Needless to say, the food was incredibly disappointing! Other: Took forever to get bread and water, and when bread arrived, it was burnt, and came with sour tasting olive oil. The apps took way too long to arrive (20+ mins or so), which is strange since it was the beginning of the night and the place was fairly empty, yet the entrees came out WAY too early! We had to squeeze everything on a tiny table, as they didn't give us enough time to eat our apps before bringing the rest of the meal out. How rude! It seemed as if we were being rushed. Some idea of community The manager (a man this time, how many does this place need?), came over and apologized, but it didn't seem genuine, as he was glossy-eyed, and frankly looked a bit clueless and disinterested, as if we were interrupting his night. Anyway, needless to say we won't be going back. Haven't been this disappointed in a restaurant in a long time, and frankly feel totally duped, as there was so much hype about this place. Save your time and money and go elsewhere.
