I felt I had to post a review after reading two relatively recent reviews filled with negativity and a bit excessive in their nature, and quite off the mark.  While M-Saigon is not a 5-Star restaurant (go to one if that is the kind of food and service you expect), the food is average, and very good in some aspects, depending on what you order.  As far as service goes, I believe they do have a few new staff members, and hats off them to even attempt to learn that menu, unless they are Vietnamese or have hours to study it.  Seriously, that place has over 50 menu items!?  In addition, maybe it is a training issue, NOT the waitstaff, so stop putting the blame on them and treating them like crap. I go here at least twice a week, and have been for months.  Not ONCE was I treated rudely, or like I was stupid (as one person stated in a comment).  While sometimes the service is better than others, I think customers need to get off their white horses sometimes and have a little respect for who is serving them as well.    I personally could not be a waiter or waitress and wait on some of the people I see in restaurants, they are rude, demanding and condescending to waitstaff; not just at this restaurant, but many others I have seen. In addition, some of the people write bad reviews, because they work for another restaurant, or believe it or not, they like free meals :)  or they could even be a professional food critic, who knows...but, I have seen the free meal happen many times, really sad. And for those that sit there and complain about EVERY aspect of a place, why do you stay? So you can continue bashing the place, their service, the waitstaff, their food, etc....why not just leave? I think that is far less rude that blaming others.  People do the level of whining and complaining in a couple of posts I read - well, not much makes them happy for sure. Anyway, get off your high horses people, and if you want your chair pulled out for you, face wiped, food to perfection, then go to an establishment that will do just that.  Leave the Vermont family owned businesses alone, they do fine without your visiting them. PEACE! P.S:  Got a good laugh out of couple posts (some one star ones)...everyone needs a good laugh, but I prefer it not to be at the expense of other people...Thanks.
