When are French Fries ever worth a journey all over Manhattan? Simple, whenever the place selling them is called Pommes Frites. Now if you know me, you know that I love a good batch of French Fries, I love them all, but I am also very picky about how they're cooked. If they aren't hot, aren't crispy, and ain't tasty I ain't gonna eat them, despite my love for all thing French fry. I found out about this place on a whim, when looking for a good french fry recipe. So I decided to go on a journey to this French Fry hotspot. The first thing I'm going to say off the bat, DO NOT GO HERE WHEN IT IS DARK! Seriously, you will walk past this place a million times and never see it The search for this place got me some very odd looks, one guy even said I was crazy and adventurous coming all the way from Queens to the East Village just for fries, that same guy also offered me a lift on his motorcycle ( I politely declined). So I walked 10 blocks from 2 Ave, and missed it 5x. Frustrated I called a cab, he then took me to 123st and 2nd Ave, which is in HARLEM. I began to feel a sense of hopelessness at the realization that I was not even farther from my destination, I felt like someone on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. I called my mother and ask for the address, who then told be 123 was not the number of an avenue, but rather the number of the building. I WAS PISSED. So I waved another cab, who took me to the side of the street it was on, and when I got out of the cab I was standing right in front of the damn place, I smacked my forehead a couple of times while silently cursing myself out. I wearily handing the cab driver his fare and advanced forward to the little shack of french fry legends. I was so hungry, I hadn't eaten in hours, because I saving room for fried spuds goodness. Then almost as if the gods weren't finished toying with my mind and body, to my horror there was a line a long one, I waited in the cold for some people to clear out, it took about 5 minutes which ain't so bad. The people working there were nice, I got two samples, Pomegranate Teriyaki Mayo and Rosemary Mayo, not what I was expecting but pretty good, I kind of thought the Pomegranate would be sweeter but it was still tasty. So I ordered a small one, because I was feeling self conscious about ordering the largest size because I also heard the portions were HUGE even for the smallest size. For the sauces I ordered not only the two mayos I sampled, but I also ordered the very famous Mango Chutney, even though I was a little cautious at first with that one. I mean Mango in mayo? Who the hell came up with that nutso concoction? So I managed to find a table, and with great anticipation I take my first bite, my first reaction? MY TONGUE IS ON FIRE!!!! My tongue was in agonizing pain, those fries were hot, very hot, the hottest freaking french fry I ever bit into. But as the pain from my tongues 3rd degree burn slipped away something happened, I hit it, French Fry Nirvana that is. They were so damn good. And when combined with the mango chutney? Better than sex (read: what I think sex is like) I gobbled half the cone up, because I wanted to take it home and enjoy the rest of my pilgrimages' spoils. Was it worth it? Yes. Were they worth nearly getting hit by two cars? Yes. Were they worth spend over 30 bucks in cab fare? No, but that my own fault. Were they worth nearly burning my tongue off and turning into a snow woman? HELL. FREAKING. YES. My only warning? Go with someone whose been their before, go if you know where you're going, or go in broad daylight. Oh, and be patient and let those fries cool, or else your tongue is going to wind up in the ICU. 5/5
