first off, i was def looking forward to eating here.  my gf spoke highly of the place (she had their brunch before) and so i was excited to experience it.  the decor and vibe inside is very simple and welcoming.  when we walked in, a gentleman (who looked like he was a manager or owner) told us that it would be a few moments before we could get a table for 2.. but what was weird is there were definitely a few tables open.  we sat there for about 5 minutes and then came back and seated us at one of the open tables that was already open when we walked in.  (felt weird having to sit around for what appeared no reason but no big deal.. and it did seem he was doing it to every patron that walked in the door..not sure why?).   Anyway, the menu looked great.  My gf ordered their french press coffee which she enjoyed and she ordered the huevos rancheros which she inhaled.  it looked great too.  looking at other customers dishes, everything looked great.   i ordered an OJ.. which was fresh.. but tasted a bit watered down, which was surprising.  I opted to order a lunch item.. their Mac 'n Cheese which i was told was spectacular.  I LOVE mac 'n cheese dishes.. anytime i see a place that makes it, i have to try it and see what they do with it.  Dumont in williamsburg makes a killer mac 'n cheese, S'mac in the east village, even Van Horn in Cobble Hill... and Brook-Vin in park slope among others make great mac 'n cheese dishes.   Anyway, Juvenito totally let me down because first off, my dish was only lukewarm when i got.   Presentation wise, it was pretty weak too.  It looked/tasted like a watery white cheese sauce tossed with macaroni and was served in a bowl with 3 slices of tomatoes on top (i would've preferred diced) with breadcrumbs.  It really felt/tastedlike a cheap little dish that was just whipped together.   And more importantly, the flavor just didn't do it for me.  Sad part is i felt like i could've cooked something tastier at home... as i even would've preferred a bowl of Annie's boxed mac 'n cheese to this.  Anyway, maybe i can revise this review next time when i get to have one of their other dishes but this is all i have to base it on right now.  (again, they have a very appealing menu, and i'm sure they have much better stuff)... but shouldn't everything on their menu be fairly awesome?  Anyway, that being said, it may take a while for me to want to take another chance with Juvenito, and get this sub-par mac 'n cheese off my taste palette.
