Amazing. This isn't food, it's art, both across the diner's palate and on the plate. The tuna is, frankly perfect. The raw scallop was restrained, as his reputation would lead one to expect, but in no way less enjoyable for that restraint, especially as a first course. The mushroom broth, both when it was originally the Meyer lemon broth and recently with the sweeter shrimp-pumpkin switchover, was delicious. I have a personal preference for the acidity of the lemon over the sweetness of the current version, but both broths were superb. The gnocchi...there's no point in expounding upon other reviews, but I'll confirm its reputation, saving the fact that I have to carefully scrape off the tiny pancetta pieces (which my SO and most of humanity enjoy) just to get a scrap of sexplosiony velvet flavor...worth the work, however, and then some. As someone else mentioned, there are an abundance of fish options, which thrills me to no end. I'm generally limited by too many red meat or pork options on a fine dining menu but Laurel held no such limitations. Both the trout and Walu were cooked to perfection, with strong sauces and subtle side components either speaking for themselves or mingling harmoniously together in the combined bite. The trout probably wins out for me because I like the side components better. I'm a dessert fiend, so forgive me. The first time, I was disappointed with the lemon dessert, not because there was anything technically wrong with it but because I like my lemony things to be tart; this was more of a muted lemon zest flavor lacking acidic punch. (The chicory crumble was interesting.) So, the second visit, the extremely tart accents of fruit dabbled on the side of the white chocolate pudding were an unexpectedly welcome zing to counterbalance the deluxe richness of the pudding. The chocolate crumble was a salty counterbalance to the sweet and tart. So, depending on your tastes, you may or may not fall in love with the desserts, but they are textural genius, and texture is a too-often-overlooked component of dessert.  I'm definitely recommending the chocolate pudding, and I'll skip the lemon dessert in the future. Overall, I went back after the first visit for the tuna and mushroom dishes, but I'll return a third time for the tuna, gnocchi, AND the white chocolate dessert. In final summary, to anyone reading this review and trying to decide whether or not it's worth the wait, let me urge you NOT to visit Laurel -- because I'd like to get a table again sometime this century.
