There are several high-end steak houses within a few blocks of this establishment, I suggest you go to any one of them before you go here.   First off, the overwhelming smell of sun-baked fish assaults your olfactory nerves as soon as you walk in the door, so you immediately know this is more surf than it is turf.  What some reviewers have called modern, chic,  and new age, I just call VERY LOUD; it's like eating in an auditorium.  It's one large, open-air room with two-story high ceilings, and absolutely no sound deflecting partitions.  This makes for a very noisy atmosphere.  Also, when 25% of the floor space is THE BAR you are going to get the bar-like joviality which is loud on a Friday night. The staff are very friendly and attentive, which is to be expected given the restaurant's high-end persona.  You would think with all that pampering they would pay attention to the special requests, but you would be wrong.  Simple requests like extra butter or a sliver of onion fall upon multiple deft ears.  On top of that, the service is just plain sloooow; particularly coming out of the bar.  Case in point: drinks were ordered and then about ten minutes later the appetizers were ordered; the appetizers were actually delivered and consumed before the drinks ever made it to the table. Apparently, The Bar is the place to be for wildly exotic drinks, and that might be why it takes so long to actually get a drink.  However, it does not explain why a very basic drink that contains just three simple ingredients proved to be difficult to get right.  In fairness to them, my wife LOVED her fresh raspberry martini - once is arrived. On to the meal.  The steaks were "average" at best.  No, they were more toward the low end of the average scale, like at an Outback or Longhorn.  Perhaps mediocre is the right term.  The baked potatoes had the look and consistency of  potatoes that had been baked several hours in advance of this meal, and they were delivered lukewarm; their temperature was such that the butter placed on top wouldn't even melt.  I'm guessing had we not opted to order them sans "loaded" some of these deficiencies might not have been so evident.   When the problem of the potatoes was brought to the attention of management, they were very quick to apologize, quick to offer replacement potatoes, but NOT so quick to actually deliver said replacement potatoes.  Quite frankly, when 4/5 of our steaks had already been consumed I finally told them to just forget bringing us new potatoes. The waiter had raved about the chocolate cake made in-house, so that's what we ordered.  Big mistake!  It had no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  It looked like it came from the frozen food section of the market, and it tasted about the same. Aside from the fabulous martini my wife had, the only other positive is that management did comp about "half" the check.  That gesture certainly softened the blow, but the overall horrible experience will not allow me to ever return to this restaurant.
