Restaurant Review: Skappo Italian Wine Bar I had never felt a need to venture far from the main Yale campus for Italian food with Geronimo's, Ibiza, and Basta within walking distance. But when a friend mentioned a small, family-run Italian restaurant down on crown I decided it was worth a try. And I was not disappointed. The 15-minute walk to Skappo Italian Wine Bar on Crown Street gave me the chance to work up an appetite. Outside hangs a coat-of-arms flag and bright red curtains coat the glass windows. Inside, was a well-lit dining room with beige walls and small tables everywhere, with a wine rack at the end.  We were greeted by the daughter, who seated us at a cozy table -- if a little too close to the family next to us. Thankfully, they finished soon after we arrived so we no longer had to fear we'd be eavesdropped on. The menu featured exquisite Italian options, done differently. Instead of big portions, Skappos offers tapa-style Italian dishes. This appeals to me because I love to share when I go out to dinner, and order a wide variety of dishes. The daughter (who was our waitress), came over and briefed us on the specials -- a wild mushroom risotto and a duck dish I tuned out because, frankly, I don't like duck. It was obvious from the menu that authentic Italian ingredients are important to the owners of Skappo. Everything is in Italian, with a description beneath it. The menu featured the sections of cured meats and cheeses (Salumi e Formaggi), crostini, vegetables (Vegetali), Meat and Fish (Carne e Pesce), and Desserts (Dolcetti). We wanted to try something from most categories and decided on the Crostini con Pomodori e Parmigiano-Reggiano (parmesan and tomatos), the risotto of the day (wild mushroom), the insalata of the day (fresh mixed greens with a citrus vinaigrette), homemade meatballs, and a roast chicken stew special. She smiled and took our menu, then brought us fresh Italian bread and butter. First to come out was the salad, which was light and refreshing. Then came the crostini, piping hot. The combination of flavors was perfectly balanced: the tomato was slightly warm from the toasted bread, and the cheese complemented it perfectly but was subtle enough to not overwhelm the rest of the dish. Then came everything else. The mushroom risotto was rich, but not too rich. The chicken was stringy in a good way, and the flavor of the stew was perfect. It was obvious that it had time for all the flavors to fuse together. And then there were the meatballs: bite-size and perfectly seasoned. The best meatballs I've ever had. I only wish I had a bit more marinara sauce to soak them in. They were moist, delicious, and the first plate to be emptied. I always delight in sharing, but found even this was too much food for both of us to tackle. Unfortunately, this meant we left Skappo without any dolcetti. But we were far from unsatisfied. Each dish was an incredible blend of flavors that I would never think to put together. The ingredients were fresh (most directly imported from Italy), and the result was delightful. I liked each dish, though all were very different. Perhaps what I like best about Skappo is the evolving menu. While all the traditional Italian staples remain on the menu, sometimes the best dishes are the daily specials -- like the mushroom risotto and the chicken stew. But you must be adventurous and willing to try new things you haven't had before. We were carefully attended to, and made to feel that are meal was a personal experience, not just an occasion to eat. I would recommend this to anyone looking for delicious, home-made, rich, Italian food. The experience is personal and it is obvious the family puts a great deal into their food. The only drawbacks are that it is a bit pricy (we spent about $55 without tip) and the seating a little cramped. This is a great date location, but a little too formal for a casual meal. Rating: Don't Miss! Price: $$$
