"As I was walking round Grosvenor Square Not a chill to the winter but a nip to the air From the other direction she was calling my eye It could be an illusion, but I might as well try Might as well try" Replace the downtown London neighborhood with the southwest corner of Philly's hip Fairmount and, yes, you could say I felt a bit like Jerry Garcia and the boys as I wandered into the nuevo Mexican dig, La Calaca Feliz, on a nippy weekday evening to investigate this barely-a-week-old "al centro" incarnation of Fort Washington's Cantina Feliz. I arrived around peak dinnertime hours. The outside of the restaurant was unassuming, but the inside was flecked with handpainted murals a la  "Dia de los Muertos" (day of the dead) and various Santeria-asque accoutrements. The  bar was was topped with copper and spanned about twelve seats and the kitchen was open to view by the dining room (which was fascinating). Although I spent most of my time in the bar, a trip to the restrooms (also filled with handpainted portraits of "The Most Interesting Man in the World") afforded me a peek into the main dining room, which was beautiful and seemed like a comfortable place to dine. As for food, my companion and I shared a guacamole (with fruit. Yum.) and a delicious smoky salsa and house-fried chips, as well as the "Campechano Tlayuda" (like a little crispy mexican pizza with shortribs, chorizo, AND carnitas) and some sweet plaintains (had some delicious sauce on top. Unsure about what, but tasty). The drinks, which were my main effort that evening, were certainly filled with starpower. After reading through the interestingly named specialty cocktails ("China Cat" and "Scarlet Begonias", for example) I recognized that they were all named after Grateful Dead songs, which is appropriate considering the namesake (Calaca Feliz translates to Happy Skeleton). I had an opportunity to try several. First was the "Scarlet Begonias," a blend of Hibiscus-infused gin, orange liquor and lime kissed with a hint of fresno chiles (not spicy, just flavorful). Though the hot-fuschia color first felt a bit kitschy,  it gave way to  flavors and aromas that were incredibly delicately paired.  Also the "China Cat" which was a take on a traditional Capirinha with Cachaca  (like rum) infused with green tea and lemongrass was light and refreshing. The "Loose Lucy" was a fruity and earthy blend of tequila (which lent an amazing flavor to the cocktail) rhubarb liquer and ruby red grapefruit juice. I was impressed with the subtlety of  the ingredients here that could have been overpowering if used improperly, but when aligned just-so allowed the tequila to showcase its most appealing attributes. My final cocktail was "Im a King Bee" which was chamomile infused tequila with basil, honey and lemon. Again, a thought provoking and unexpected blend of components that synergistically sprouted into a tasty treat. I guess I was just incredibly impressed with the bar, because I expected good margaritas and the requisite specialty cocktail standbys. However, I was instead greeted by artisanal creations rivaling many of the most interesting cocktails in the city (like Chifa or Farmer's Cabinet, without the pomp and pretense). The service was lovely, the bartender (Theresa, I think) was pleasant and informative, the atmosphere relaxed but energetic and the food and drinks, exquisite. I finished the evening with a vanilla and spice-scented glass of Casa Noble Reposado  (my favorite sipper tequila) and wandered out into the night, which had become a bit less nippy after dining at Calaca Feliz. Four stars, until I sample the rest of the culinary wares :)
