Unfortunately, my good meal was highly disruptive my the sour taste left from the lackadaisical attitude regarding the bill. My mother and I were utilizing a Restaurant.com voucher of $25 which would have covered half of a standard dinner bill. Mind you it's a BYOB and our cost $49 total. Upon arrival we were ONLY offered sparkling water not being told it was $7 for a bottle of Pallegrino. Later during orders, we were offered blue cheese on our salads without knowing there was a $1.75 per person charge for that. We were Never told there were charges associated with those items. Most standard restaurants would say " Yes, we have regular water and sparkling water for an additional fee". This also goes for the blue cheese. Not even TGIFridays charges for blue cheese.   With taxes and the added gratuity the bill was $76. That is bloody outrageous. We ordered a $24 salmon fillet and a $25 pork chop. With the bill, with tax and tip the total should have been $62 and minus the voucher comes to approx. $37.00. We paid $52.00 for a meal that's was worth $37(maybe). To make matters worse I contacted the restaurant directly speak with a manager who was as incompetent as I've seen in years. As a hospitality professional, I have never seen a manager sit at one of the dinner tables during prime dinner sitting, not interacting with the guests, but having her food and drink like a customer. When we questioned the bill with the server, the manager just sat there and did not take charge of the situation. We ( as customers) are suppose to assume that the fat lady sitting in the corner by herself is the manager. She out'ed herself by stating well i saw the whole interaction and again she did nothing. My request was to remove the additional charges from the bill, specifically the blue cheese and sparkling water, not the entrees. I was told that it was noted on the menu (of course! We all should have read our menus like legal documents and memorized them within 60 mins) we only had the menus for 10 mins. She stated well once you ordered the item you could have taken it back once you got it.  What person do you know sends back water...are you serious? The manager also told me that I had to pick and choose which item I wanted off. That restaurant is a complete ripoff! They made there money and then some but to not satisfy a simple $10 adjust and get in an argument with a guest is beyond ridiculous. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone not even my dog. The food is one thing but the horrible management that doesn't even have the common courtesy to engage their customers and puts all the strain on their employees and guests.
