The food is decent, and the staff is friendly, but the lack of communication and disorganization among the staff is ridiculous. It shouldn't take 15 minutes to order 4 burritos. One of my friends asked to add sour cream to her burrito and the cashier said "We don't have sour cream". She pointed to it on the menu and he still didn't understand. She finally gave up and decided to forgo it. We all ordered together and for some reason they served 1 burrito separate from the others, and kept telling us it was for a different order. We had to tell the staff at least 4 times that we ordered 4 burritos and showed them the receipt confirming the order. Finally they gave us the last burrito. We get to the table and come to find out 2 out of the 4 burritos were made incorrectly. One burrito, oddly enough, was made with sour cream, but go figure it was on my burrito and not my friend's that requested it. The food was ok, nothing to write home about, but certainly not poor quality by any means. It just wasn't anything special in my opinion. Half way through our meal the cashier that took our order came over and asked it we all got our food. I was too frustrated and hungry to say anything, but thought it was really strange because we tried to involve him in the discussion when the other staff kept telling us we only ordered 3 burritos and he completely ignored us. We ordered off the menu, and with the exception of my one friend that wanted to add sour cream non of us were difficult or confusing, or made any special requests. (I've worked in the service industry for 18 years and I make an effort to be very concise and easy, especially when dining/ordering food). Not to mention, we showed up at 3:15 on a Saturday after noon and there were only 3 other customers in the place. If it had been really busy I could sympathize with the disorganization. And the icing on the cake, they charged my card twice. How you charge an order 2 times when you only swiped my card once is beyond me. Not a great first impression, but even if it had been a great experience, the food is not enough to get me to come back. Sorry Boloco.
