Last night we went to Cuban Pete's.  Arrived at 6:59pm & per their seating listing, they told me it would be a two hour wait.  No big deal right?  It was a spring Saturday evening and we sat outside for 2 hours drinking some wine and having some good laughs while waiting for our table.  9pm rolls around and I decided to head back in and find out what was happening with the table.  By this point we were quite cold, hungry and ready to be seated.  I checked in and asked about the table.  They said "10 more minutes".  I said OK, no problem.  After about 15 more minutes of standing in a very crowded space I inquired again.  The woman says "sorry, I don't have a table for you" and needless to say, I was shocked at that reply.  The Manager standing next to her says "we can't seat you- we don't have a table" and I reply "we just sat outside for nearly 2.5 hours, 15 minutes ago you said 10 minutes and now all of a sudden you can't seat me?!"  He waves his hands 'shooing' me while saying to the hostess "let her go, let her go".  I yelled some angry words and went out front to fill my friends in on what just went on and said we had to go find someplace else to eat.  Manager man shows up out front and says, "oh actually, I will seat you now" and me shocked AGAIN says "now you can seat me and 5 minutes ago you were shooing me away?!"  He replies "sorry that is just how I speak" and I say " you should NOT speak to customers that way ever."  And replies by saying "nevermind I won't seat you" and simply walked away.   So guys- Yea, yea, yea this place has good  food and a good atmosphere, but I believe in voting with my dollars,  After waiting for 2.5 hours and the treatment we received last night I would never give this place another dollar of mine.  I want to give my dollars to businesses that treat their customers with respect and value their customers.  Not to some egotistical, self righteous place that does not place value in their customers.  So sure you can read this review, ignore it and probably have a decent time at Cuban Pete's however, I would rather put my dollars into a small business with friendly staff that truly values the customer.
