I have been to Chattime several times, and I have to say that Chattime is a really good choice for you if you seek some delicious Japanese food with lower prices. Chattime is located at 3608 Chestnut Street, University City. It is really convenient for the students in Drexel University and University of Pennsylvania. If you are sick of the food in the dining hall, go to Chattime and enjoy delicious Japanese food is a good decision.       Food:       First of all, I really like the food in Chattime, and there are four things you need to try when you go there. The first one is Chicken Fried Rice. It not only has a good look, but also tastes delicious. The chicken is very fragrant and appetizing, and you can't even wait to try it. When you put the chicken into your mouth, you will find it is soft and juicy. The chicken is surrounded by some broccoli and carrot, so the chicken has a little bit sweet taste from the vegetables, and the vegetables become succulencier. This is a great combination to make the food have different flavor. Also, one thing I need to mention is that the fried rice is separate from the chicken, so the fried rice has no chicken's juice. Maybe you may think fried rice must be plain without juice. However, the truth is the fried rice has its own flavor and it could really make you fall in love with it. I cannot eat so much rice usually, but at that time, when I ate the Chicken Fried Rice, I just ate whole bowl of rice. Also, Shrimp Fired Rice is delicious too. The shrimp is really fresh and it tastes good.      The second dish I recommend is Eel Sushi. I love to eat Eel and I think the Eel Sushi in Chattime is pretty good and well-season. If I really need to say some deficiency, I will say the rice of sushi is not good enough. When I ate the sushi, the rice could not stick together, and it was too scattered to drop down. Also, I think each sushi is too big to eat the whole sushi at one time. The third dish I believe is worth to try is Beef Noodle. The soup of Beef Noodle is aromatic and tasty, especially; it is very good for us to drink a hot soup in the winter. The noodles are very chewable and with some beef fragrance. As for me, I am a person from Guangdong, so I love to drink Bubble Tea and I almost drank everyday when I was in my hometown. My friends told me that the Bubble Tea in Chattime is quite good, so I tried it and I think it is the most authentic Bubble Tea around University City.      Service and Ambience:       The service in Chattime is pretty good. All of the waiter are very enthusiastic and they will recommend some famous dishes if you ask. In addition, I would like to talk about the environment and atmosphere in Chattime. It is a traditional Asian style restaurant with some bamboo to decorate. This restaurant is very clean and you can see the chief is making sushi while you are eating. I like to go there with friends in the afternoon, we can chat and enjoy the Bubble Tea. However, if you go there during the rush hour, there will be lots of people and you may feel noisy.      I hope I can go there and try some new food next time.
