**This review is just on the burgers (and a little on the service) Completely over-priced, less-than-average burgers and poor communication. I ended up coming to this place because of the positive Yelp reviews. After my experience here, I can only surmise that the reviews are written by employees, or friends of the owner, James. I'm going to breakdown my experience into positives and negatives and say that I urge you not to come here--at least not for burgers. The bar seems like it could be alright. Positives: - The initial vibe was cool - Very spacious - The maple pineapple topping is really tasty! Negatives: - Misleading menu for burgers. The presentation and extras for the "Single" and "Double" burger makes it seem (to 3 out of 4 of us) that the $12 or $16 burger comes with all the items listed below the description, and that you can add on cheese for $1. THIS IS NOT THE CASE. THE BURGERS ARE PLAIN (Save lettuce, tomato and pickles). - The waiter was not clear about menu items, even when asked, causing confusion. I asked the waiter what the difference between the "Joe Louis" burger and the regular burgers were, as they all listed the same ingredients/extras on the menu. He said the only difference was that the Louis burger was an 8 oz patty and the others were 4 oz. patties. THIS WAS NOT THE CASE. The truth is that the single and double burgers only come with lettuce, tomato and pickles (which mine showed up without anyways), and each additional topping is $1. I WOULD HAVE NEVER PAID $12 for a plain, average burger--especially when I could go to Peter Luger's and get an amazing 1/2 lb Porterhouse burger for a few bucks less! - The poor state of the food. One of the burgers came out cold, another, ordered medium-rare was medium well, and two were missing pickles. All of them had a very, very small amount of fries (maybe 8-10 fries). - Upon paying the bill, I paid with Amex (the only credit card they accept here). When I got my copy to sign, it was $3 more than the bill I was given. The waiter quickly explained that this was the "credit card fee", and said so in a tone like "duh, this is that credit card fee all restaurants charge when you use a credit card". THIS FEE WAS NOT EXPLAINED TO ME BEFORE MY CARD WAS RUN. - The burger patty. I am almost 100% sure that the patties are pre-formed frozen pattys. Why? The burger was about a cm thick, and had flat, even edges around the sides. This is typical for a pre-formed, frozen patty. Much like a Gardenburger. This was honestly one the most disappointing meals/experiences I've had in a restaurant since I moved to NY a year ago. I wish I could get my money back and I would not go back for burgers even if someone else was paying for it. Myself and one other person (the four of us split ways) immediately felt sick after eating as well and both visited the bathroom shortly after the visit. NEVER EVER AGAIN.
