Probably the best Indian food I've ever had. I'm not sure why so many have given this place a bad review. We almost went to another place instead as my girlfriend told us that we should stay away... but I'm glad we chose to give it a try! Even she was incredibly happy with her meal. I grew up around Washington D.C. which is known as the great mixing bowl because so many people of so many cultures are there... There were definitely more Indian options around but again I don't think I've ever had Indian good as good as this. I had their Vegetarian sampler (both the appetizer and the meal) figuring that would give a good taste of the options... I didn't have a single thing that I didn't like. The service was good... The guy who waited on us was very quiet but very friendly. He didn't hover over us - when he brought us to our table he didn't say anything to us but that was fine. He returned often enough our needs were always met without ever having to wait. He always had a smile on his face and had a GREAT sense of humor. The atmosphere was dark and quiet but that was fine, it was a wonderful relaxing meal, I would definitely make the hour drive many times just for their food! Oh and when I ordered my food "Extra hot" he laughed and said "Okay I'm glad one of you guys did!". He was pretty excited. I eat my food pretty warm (I have all of Blair's Death sauces and use them pretty much every day). It's the first time I've ever had food that hot in a restaurant, I don't think he pulled any punches either because every time he came back to the table he joked with me - again he was super friendly. Honestly a GREAT experience! It seems that my experience was different from other peoples... So if you have not been here before maybe it won't be your favorite place. But I suggest you give it a try! Keep an open mind, don't expect it to be the greatest thing you've ever had (we went in with low expectations because of my girlfriend) and you will probably be pleasantly surprised. Oh and if you don't like heat most things are mild - I just asked for mine hot!
