Day by Day is the perfect lunch/brunch spot. It's got delicious and comforting food, a warm environment with homey service, and it doesn't even put a dent in the wallet (think large and filling sub 10 dollar meals). This is exactly why I keep returning to Day by Day day after day. Haha. Okay, sorry. But really, while going all out at hot Center City dinner joints is cool, and intricately concocted cocktails and exotic ingredients are fun after dark, what I really want on a weekend morning is some comfort food. I want it to be accessible. I want it to be local. I almost even want it to feel like home. And so I come to Day by Day for the Stuffed French Toast, the Potato Pancakes, the Huevos Rancheros and the delicious crispy thyme and rosemary covered potatoes that accompany many savory dishes. The stuffing on the French Toast changes frequently, actually everything at Day by Day seems to be changing frequently. So beware, a dish on the special's board that you enjoy one week or month may be gone the next. In this regard Day by Day always seems to be innovating, reminding me to be adventurous and try new things. After getting to know the owner, Robin, who seems to be there everyday and is usually working the register or seating guests or doing everything at once, I've learned that Day by Day has been open for something like 28 years! That is an impressive amount of time to stay committed to a business and not just in the monetary sense. Think about all of those restaurant owners who just sit in their offices. This is probably why I feel committed to Day by Day. The wait staff is always familiar. The food is always delicious. Oh and as you pay the bill, check out the deserts on display at the register. You can take them home with you for later and they are delicious! I have had cinnamon buns, apple turnovers and slices of pie, etc. All have been great. Try Day by Day for lunch, because brunch can get busy, or come early and get out before the crowds on a Saturday or Sunday.     I think that's it! Happy eating :-)
