I would have given this review 0 stars if that was possible. On Friday February 10, 2012, the owner of this place went on Ray Dunaway's morning talk show on WTIC 1080 to tout his restaurant.  After hearing the owner say how great this place was, and being italian cuisine afficionados, my husband and I decided to try it for dinner, since it is just down the street from where we live. When we got there, other folks had obviously heard the radio spot, because the place was getting crowded.  Nonetheless, they had only ONE waitress on duty for the entire dining room, and she was a TRAINEE, who was completely overwhelmed.  The hostess explained "We aren't usually this busy on a Friday night." REALLY? How can the owner of a restaurant go on the radio to tell everyone how wonderful his place his, then not be prepared for the onslaught of people who heard the spot?  I mean, that's the whole point of advertising---to get people to come to your place, right?  We should have left right then, but we decided to give them the benefit of the doubt, which ended up being a huge mistake.   The hostess (not the trainee) ended out taking our drink order and the drinks arrived with silverware and bread shortly thereafter.  Then we sat there with no menus for another 15 minutes.  Finally the trainee brought menus to us, then, 35 minutes later, never reappeared at our table to take our order. I observed the same thing happening at several other tables.  The woman next to us got the wrong drink delievered to her TWICE. The couple behind us never received menus after they were there at least 20 minutes. The couple across from us had their appetizer of clams casino delievered to them, but never received any silverware with which to eat it.  After 20 minutes when the clams casino were cold, the gentleman complained and was given more lame excuses by the hostess.  When he asked to see the manager or owner, he was told that those people were not present. Again, how can you go on the radio to promote your restaurant and then not be there that night to make sure everything goes perfectly?   Finally, my husband had to physically go search for the trainee to request the tab for the drinks we had consumed. SHe said she would bring it right over. We never saw her again. 15 minutes later we threw some money on the table and left the building in disgust.  Two other couples were waiting at the hostess station wondering aloud where the hostess was, and I told them that if they planned to eat that night, they should turn around  and leave right now. I just cannot believe that someone would promote his business on the radio and then be unprepared for the extra business. Very unprofessional and disappointing. We will obviously not be back and anyone I know will be told not to go there either.
