Lemme start by telling you I come to Taqueria Los Gueros at least once a week. Located off Route 17 South in a small strip mall next to a Panera Bakery (BARF) and a GameStop, the place is perfect if you want to get a fast meal without degrading yourself by stepping into a typical fast food restaurant.Tuesday and Wednesdays you can get a quick lunch/dinner for 5 bucks. 5 tacos on Tuesday and/or a sandwich on Wednesday. They offer typical Mexican fare but with a noticeable difference compared to your Chipoltes, Quobas, and other like establishments: the menu is spicy, the ingredients are fresh, you can taste the crispness of the green peppers, onions, cilantro and your mouth will feel the sweet sting of habanero and jalapeno, even if you pride yourself on a stronger-than-average ability to withstand the heat. =) Let's talk about that pollo and piggy. Shit's da bomb! Big flavorful chunks of chicken are sealed inside their burritos, tacos, and quesadillas. The pork is outrageous. I always go Pastor, I can't describe the flavor, you have to try it for yourself. It is basically shaved meat from a giant piece of pork being roasted slowly on a revolving spit. I typically order the Pastor Chilango Burrito, sometimes chicken. Inside is filled with your meat of choice, guacamole, green peppers, onions, cilantro, NO rice or beans. No Filler! Just good greens and a small side of corn chips. The wrap they use is not chewy like their competitors and doesn't fall apart while your getting your nosh on. Next, they got a salsa bar. It is the best I have encounter, it puts Baja Fresh's salsa bar to shame. The avacado salsa is smooth and creamy and cools down your mouth after a bite garnished with their habanero & onion topping (also located in the salsa bar). Fair warning, it is extremely hot and spicy, not for amateurs! The other salsas are delicious and I typically go through three or four little cups worth on any given outing to the place. Finally, the drinks. One sized soft drinks with a self-served fountain area with free refills is great when you find yourself eating the habanero & onions with your hand (No shame). When i wanna treat myself, I get the dark red drink they have cooling inside a large glass pot at the counter. It is tart, much like cranberry juice, and lord forgive me for not knowing or remembering what it is called, but once your at the counter placing your order, it is hard not to notice it. I point and say, "I'll have a cup of that" and the staff ladles me up a delicious serving. All in all, the place is damn good. So good in fact I forgive the staff for staring at the telenovellas as they lackadaisically hand me my lunch from over the counter instead of bringing it to my table, like they often do. If you like spicy food and aren't in the mood for Indian (located a couple of doors down) then check out this spot and you won't be disappointed!
