I recently has dinner here with a good friend and had a really bad experience. The food is okay, but a good restaurant is not just about the food. The waitress was really bad and really unprofessional. This place just opened a few months ago, so I'm guessing they'd assume each person is a first time customer. I said I hadn't been here before and the waitress said "Oh, really?" I was surprised by her, well, surprise, but also by the unfriendliness of it. I think something like, "Welcome," or "Glad you're joining us tonight" would have been more appropriate. I'm not glad we spent money at this restaurant. It seems this waitress and my friend have a mutual friend in common, from college, from 5 yrs ago, and the waitress couldn't stop bothering us. We were having an important talk, some catch-up, and time without a stranger interrupting. She wasn't exactly asking if the food was good (not bad, but nothing I couldn't make at home), and she couldn't remember the daily specials. But she could remember all the good time at Yale and blah blah blah. I hate to say it, but I felt ignored and disrespected. My body language and frowns indicated I wasn't happy and instead of asking open ended questions, she continued to bother my friend (who didn't have as much of a problem with her), and she continued to assume that her behavior was alright. I realize I could have said something that night, to her or to the manager. I'm a little uptight, I have high standards for customer service because I also work in customer service, and I work my ass off, and I treat my visitors with respect, and so I guess I decided not to say anything, and let it go. Not sure why I changed my mind, though I went back a few days later to share my concerns. I spoke with a supervisor, though when I asked to speak with a supervisor, she said, "I guessed that'd be me," so I'm not sure what that means. She listened attentively and seemed to agree that my standards of customer service...ya know, wanting respect and courtesy etc etc, are valid and should be in place. I also think this neighborhood, that I'm proud to live in, has high standards and deserves restaurants that meet and exceed those standards. This matters. I'm not spending my money just anywhere...and neither should you. The curiosity for a new place on Franklin ave, isn't reason enough to have dinner there. I appreciate the supervisor's time although I would have liked to speak with a manager. She said he was out. She wrote down my email address and I spelled it out for her, and no one has contacted me. I don't really care, but then why ask for my email address for someone to contact me? There are many options for good places in the neighborhood. I'm sure you already know of them & can decide for yourself where to have dinner. Make a smart decision.
