CO Jones gets 1 star because Yelp doesn't let you give anything else. Do NOT go here. You may be lured in with their half priced margaritas for happy hour, but do not be fooled. There are much better places. Their happy hour only goes until 6:30 and good luck finding a waitress anytime after 6. Thinking about ordering an extra drink when you see your server? Nope. Try again. They will not let you order a drink until your current one is finished. Thinking about going out here with your coworkers? Well make sure everyone brings cash because they only allow 3 credit cards per table (not posted anywhere on the menu). They don't have an ATM in their restaurant either. That reminds me, my coworker still owes me $18 when I was forced to cover for her because of this policy... Speaking of money...make sure you have enough to cover the mandatory 18% tip that they include on every table (even when it was just two of us). Would you like sour cream and/or guac with your food? Extra. Want a little more salsa? How about a $1 extra charge (that the server didn't mention). Do you like enchiladas? Well CO Jones' enchiladas are like none that you have ever had before. Some might say that they aren't even enchiladas. No cheese and sauce covered soft tortillas here. And when my friend questioned the waitress, the waitress said that she didn't tell her that CO Jones' enchiladas are different because she thought that "we already knew this"... Do NOT ever ask the waitresses questions. Do NOT ask to order more than one drink for yourself. Do NOT ask about their credit card policy. Do NOT ask about the enchiladas. Apparently asking questions of waitresses - while ALWAYS paying your check AND their 18% tip - will get you told that "The manager has seriously considered terminating our relationship with you." Interesting how I can be such a pain in the ass after I, myself, waitressed for over 6 years. So if CO Jones doesn't need a paying customer in this recession, then I'll take my business elsewhere. Oh wait, I already did. Recs for much better happy hour places: everywhere but CO Jones, but specifically Playwright in Hamden (AWESOME free food buffet) and Delaney's in Westville (Who doesn't love FREE peanuts!) I know that I have already convinced you to run in the opposite direction of CO Jones, but here's one more tid bit. I live in East Rock and CO Jones does not donate to my So Hu neighbor watch. Modern, Amatos, Christopher Martin's, basically all of the other businesses, have been more than generous with food donations, gift cards for raffles and fund raiser, etc. Not CO Jones. They don't support the neighborhood...and they ask paying customers not to return...
