If I could give Spice a zero, I would.  I have been to this restaurant twice recently and my first experience was actually a good one (maybe 3.5/5).  I gave stars for good ambience and music, but the prices were unjustified for the small portions of food.  Two spring rolls shouldn't have cost that much; in that case, let me start my own food cart right outside the restaurant and steal all of their customers!!   After the first time, my friends and I decided to return for Happy Hour weeks later.  To summarize, it was the worst customer service experience that I've ever encountered.  And this is coming from someone who has worked with many difficult customers throughout my history of employment.   First off, the hosts should specify the seating arrangement and its effect on pricing.  Apparently, where you sit at the restaurant determines the price of your drinks, especially at the Happy Hour rate which we were there for.  Instead, the hosts and waiters sneakily sat us at the dining area even though we specified that we were there for Happy Hour and then charged us twice as much for all of our drinks.  Imagine the shock when we saw our bill!! That wasn't even the worst part.  One of the managers came to our table to talk to us about the situation and managed to worsen the situation to new lows by blaming the whole situation on us.  He claimed that we should have known that we're in the time of the Civil Rights Movement and that there was a difference where you sat within the same restaurant!!!!  And then he was so bold as to say that that is how Happy Hour is, which is understandable as each establishment is allowed to have their own rules.  At the same time, sneakily charging customers twice the amount for drinks just to steal our money is not a successful business model.   As a result of this latter experience, I've already told all my doctor friends at our Jefferson campus to spread the word to never go to Spice.  I've also told all of my doctor friends at UPenn, Temple, and surrounding schools about my experience and they said they will go to a different restaurant instead based on our terrible experience. The worst part is that I wanted to like this restaurant.  I didn't mind the prices and I usually don't complain about service even if it was mediocre.  But the manager at Spice took poor customer service to a new low.  He not only didn't apologize, but also blamed the customers for something that was their responsibility.  Own your mistake and be a man.  I'm Asian too and it was disappointing to see your sad attempt at denial of something that was clearly your fault.  Own up to it.
