Went here on March 1 with 9 other people for my cousin's birthday.  We left the house around 5 pm just to be at the restaurant earlier than the saturday crowd.  There was already a long line when we got there.   The receptionist told us that the wait will be an hour and a half for our table of 10 to be seated.   So, we waited patiently in line.   After 1 1/2 hours we checked again with the receptionist who told us "Your 2 hour window is not up yet!".  Wait, what? now its 2 hours?  Okay, so waited again.  After 2 hours, we checked again with the receptionist.   She said we will be seated WITHIN THE HOUR.  We were okay with that.   Less than an hour to wait.  After some time, we noticed that this other lady kept on going to the manager, demanding for her group of 9 be seated immediately (they originally listed for 8 but the girl said they were adding another person).   The manager caved in and said they will be seated now.   So their group of 9 big (huge as houses) women who were in line only for about 30 to 40 minutes (they were way behind us in line) were seated before us.  What person in their right mind wouldn't say anything?  So, one of our girls spoke with the manager about this.   He rudely said "Well, there's only 8 of them and there's 10 of you!".  When she insisted that they seated 9, He said "Why don't you go in there and count!".  That was how this idiotic Manager managed the situation!  Instead of explaining that we will still be seated within the hour and the other group was given a different table...He resorted to running his mouth and acting defensive.   He did not want to admit that he gave our table away...after telling us that we will be seated within the hour.   To my disbelief, he asked us to leave!  Wait, what?  After waiting patiently in line for more than 2 hours we were asked to leave?!   What management school did this idiot go to?  He should get a refund!  Is it because we were a group of Asian women?  That was probably the reason why he felt it so easy to just kick us out. Disrespectful idiot! Have fun managing your Hell Hole!
