I'm in town visiting friends and this place came HIGHLY suggested by one of them for a late night run. I wasn't starving so I got a nachos appetizer for $13. The waiter asked if I wanted chicken and I obliged not knowing that this would cost me an additional SEVEN dollars. I don't mind paying the cost for a good meal, but my chips were burnt, there was barely any cheese, and by the time I got it the meal was room temperature. Since someone else in my party was already complaining about their meal I decided to not be "that person" and give them a pass. Only one person in my party (out of 6) enjoyed their food (he had the pulled pork sandwich) but the rest of us experienced a cold, sub-par meal. My friend that suggested the place couldn't believe how bad it was -- as he has only had great meals there before, so we chalked it up as a bad night.... I guess everyone is entitled to one (in spite of the prices =/). Then it was time to pay. 20% gratuity was already added to our bill... No problem. One person was using a card, the rest had cash. The person using the card told our waiter the amount to put on the card and use the cash for the remainder of the balance. The waiter came back to the table, gave the card back to its owner and let us know that we were $20 short. Our bad... We put another twenty bucks on the table... Layered up in our winter coats and proceeded to leave the restaurant. That's when the faux-bouncer came and yelled at us in the most rude manner that we hadn't paid our full bill. We explained to him that part was on a card and the rest was cash. In front of the other customers he continued yelling at us that we needed to resolve the bill. How embarrassing. Apparently our waiter never swiped the card... I get where the misunderstanding happened... But there is a way that you are supposed to deal with your customers. So after a lackluster, overpriced meal and being yelled at and humiliated in this place I can only give them one star and no recommendation. From what I hear they have great food, drinks, and atmosphere... But that wasn't my experience. Too bad.
