The food has gotten even worse. Frozen vegetables and watery curry.  No onions or tomatoes in preparations that had them before.  Sooo disappointing.  It used to be amazing when run by Miriam and Hassan.  Now it is just blah.  I had to throw out an entire meal once.  I have given up on Gandhi's. SECOND REVIEW The food is not as good as it used to be anymore.  It is hit and miss when it comes to delivery.  The chicken curry lacks substance.  It has been so watery.  No onions even.  The Biryani was terrible.  We ended up throwing them out.  My family told me not to order from there again because it has become so inconsistent. On the other hand, eating in the restaurant is a different story.  The food has been  good, but not as good as when I first started.  I definitely think they are using a different cook.  I have decided to take an Indian cooking class and practice so that I can be happy with my meal every single time. By the way, I miss the warmth of Miriam and Hassim.  I ask for them every time I go because, outside of the food, their hospitable manner was what kept me coming back and back again.  I looked forward to seeing them each time. Previous Review 5/11/2011                    One day, while at work, I was walking down the hallway of my unit when this wonderful aroma tickled my nose.  It was coming from the doctor's conference room.  To get to that room, you had to pass two doors and walk down a short hallway.  I had to find out where this food was ordered.  The doctors said Gandhi Indian restaurant.  That day after work, I took my tired self to Gandhi and ordered the Fish tandoori meal.  It was delicious.  I went back to Gandhi for the next two days after work.  I then ordered delivery for the next four days.  I almost went bankrupt because my family had me order for them too and I was the one paying.  Since then, I have taken all my family and many friends to this fine restaurant.  If they keep doing what they are doing, they will have a customer for life. Miriam and Hassim are a pleasure, always aiming to please. The restaurant itself, though, is small.  Perhaps it is able to hold 18 people at a time. I encourage you to try this restaurant because I want to keep eating there for a long time.
