There were four in our party. Started off with drinks at the bar.  They were quite simply amazing.  They were the highlight of the evening.  Really expertly crafted flavors came together delightfully in the Jefferson Rozefort (Rum) and the Ian Fleming (Gin). Once seated, we had the tasting menu, 7 courses for $72.  We had a vegetarian in our party, and at first they said they couldn't accommodate us on the tasting menu without making us all have a veggie tasting, but then they said they could.  As it turned out, most of the dishes were veggie anyway (5 of the 7), not sure if that would have been the case without the veggie in our party.  But I digress slightly. Starting off with the wine...the server's knowledge was abominable.  We let her select, but suggested we'd like an old world, medium body, perhaps a Rhone or Chateauneuf.  She consulted the sommelier, and came back with what she said was a "Burgundy from Rioja".   Now, we are admittedly winos, but this characterization is just an oxymoron.  We thought perhaps she'd brought us a Pinot Noir from a non-designate area of Spain close to Rioja...or something like that.  Nope, it was a straight up Rioja.  When we asked her why she called it a Burgundy...was she referring to the style?...she had no idea what we were talking about. We started with the amuse bouche described elsewhere in reviews...a bean soup.  Nice, but not remarkable. We then had a starter salad of beets with frisee.  It was very nice.  We all enjoyed it. This was followed by a garbanzo dish done 3 ways - a puree, some whole garbanzos, and some fried garbanzo skins.  Not that interesting, and a lot of beans considering the amuse was beans as well. After the garbanzos, we had a cavatappi with sage.  Ok, nothing to write home about. This was followed by a cod steak done quite nicely, very flavorful, with a slight crisp on the skin. Next was a sorbet palate cleanser that counted as a course, which seemed odd to us. Our main course was a skirt steak, beef heart, beef tongue, marrow medley served in a beef broth.  The marrow was savory and delicious.  The skirt steak was nicely served.  The tongue and heart were interesting, but again, not super flavorful or cleverly seasoned. The vegetarian in our party had a plate full of squash for her main.  It didn't look very attractive, and she didn't enjoy it. The dessert was a total disappointment - a dry doughnut with a little apple and cream.  Just uninteresting.  Not worth the dessert calories. We ordered a second wine, again letting the server choose (based on prior interaction, probably a mistake, but she said she would ask the sommelier again).  She brought a Lebanese wine, and when we asked her what grapes were in it and in what percentages, she looked like a deer in the headlights, and started fast talking, which made it clear she didn't know.  Why she didn't bring the sommelier over is beyond me. Overall, we were just not very impressed given all the press the restaurant has gotten.  I have a work colleague that raves about Hearth, and he is a big time foodie, so we are left to surmise that our tasting experience may have simply been compromised with the vegetarian requirement. Might try again, but won't hurry back.
