This restaurant is AMAZING. Prepare yourself for a long, but detailed, review.. along with 4 mild criticisms.... My boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere special for our 7 year anniversary. We decided on Delmonico from a few really great choices. We had a reservation for 4:30 through open table, but we had to change it to 5 because we got held up. That was no problem at all and when I called to confirm the change the hostess was courteous and sweet. We finally go there and it was pretty empty for a Sunday, but it was super early for dinner and...as I thought it would...it definitely filled up later. The hostess informed us that there would be a large party coming pretty soon and that the back room would be more private and nice, so we got a seat by the window. It was perfect. Our waitress was SUPER sweet and everyone seemed really cheerful, even the busboys and the food runners...seriously...they all had smiles on their faces. So, we order our wines at the recommendation of the waitress, I wish I could remember her name! I should have asked again...they came out quickly...I had also asked for a bottle of water, which she forgot, but when I reminded her she apologized and quickly got it... no big deal AT ALL. So I informed her of my milk allergy. She told everyone in the back and the other servers...they treated me like a queen the whole night. They really took amazing care of me, truly, it was wonderful. Anyway, the FOOD! We got the California Cobb salad, no cheese of course, and we asked for red wine vinaigrette. While we were waiting they brought out a basket of 4 or 5 PIPING HOT breads with 2 oils for dipping and 1 butter (for my boyfriend). The first olive oil was really delicious! Super flavorful, just had to mix the spices around a bit, so good! The second one...eh...way too spicy...it was a red pepper one, but my boyfriend loved it. We got our salad.... BACON STRIPS, people...strips...not bits, not cut up bacon...huge strips! They also brought out a balsamic vinaigrette with the red wine for us to try...they were both to die for! For our main courses I ordered the filet mignon with a side of asparagus (which they sautéed in olive oil for me instead of butter) and a plain baked potato. My boyfriend got the penne vodka with cajun chicken. Both of our meals came with a salad LOL more salad! But it was delicious. When mine came out it had croutons and parmesan cheese on it! So I said to the waitress (a different one who just brought our salads) "Oh! Is this cheese?" "Oh no! Cheese! Yes, please give that to me I'll fix it right away!" She ran in the back "cheese! GUYS!" it kind of made me laugh because she was a bit silly about it, but not at all making fun of me in any way, just really funny. So they brought out a new salad, no croutons, no cheese. It was good! House red wine vinaigrette, perfect. So the BEST part of the meal... MY STEAK! It was to DIE FOR! Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned...amazing. The asparagus was delicious with garlic and oil...yum! I ate EVERY last bite and, as anyone who knows me will tell you, I never, ever do that. I forced myself beyond fullness ...to eat this all haha. My boyfriend loved his, as well. He really wanted dessert so he asked for a dessert menu and got ice cream, I got sorbet (asked if it was diary-free...it was! yay!) So my boyfriend's ice cream was more of a sundae! Looked amazing. The mango sorbet was fresh and yummy! Then I noticed the waitress bringing out a small dish of whipped cream. "Must be extra for my boyfriend." I thought. NOPE! It was for me! Non-dairy whipped cream!!!! So thoughtful and sweet...seriously. Everything was perfect. We tipped generously and will be back! Criticisms: 1. I had to ask someone at the bar, who was very kind and helpful, who worked there...how to work the sink in the bathroom and the water was FREEZING! 2. The bread was TOO hot... delicious, but I burned my mouth! lol 3. I would have liked to have been warned that the one oil dip was spicy...it was really too much for me. 4. My steak said it came with onions, fried ones, I'm sure they didn't give them to me because of something to do with my allergy, and I hate onions, so I didn't even notice...but my boyfriend did want them, so they could have asked maybe? Or put them on the side? I mean... it's no big deal AT ALL with the amazing service we got and I'm sure they just took it upon themselves for my safety to omit them, which I appreciate. But maybe if I had wanted them I would have been disappointed? Like I said... I didn't really notice until later that night when my boyfriend mentioned it. Overall 5 out of 5 stars! A+++ Perfection! Oh! The price is right too, but it's mostly ala carte... really nice for the quality!
