My wife and I visited Fascino's Saturday evening for the very first time. The atmosphere was refined yet warming. We had early dinner reservations and were glad we made them so early as the tables filled up quickly. Light jazz accompanied the low lighting. Our white cloth dressed table was finished nicely by a single votive lit candle and a vase holding a rose.  Our waiter Mike explained the entire menu with the skill of a seasoned professional.  He allowed us plenty of time to understand the items, their preparation and how the items could be offered as entrees or smaller tasting dishes.  Once our orders were taken our waiter brought out some wonderful breads and olive oil. Such an amazing variety the first of which was more like a pastry which was so light and flaky it practically melted in your mouth. Our wine was placed nicely table side chilling and continually poured by our waiter without missing a beat. I started my evening off with a special appetizer of beef carpaccio, shaved fennel & arugula, parmigiano, lemon vinaigrette. Amazingly light and a delightful way to begin my meal. For the main course, I chose the marsala glazed duck breast, pistachio puree, swiss chard, cippolini & sweet potato fingerlings. The sear on the duck was perfect and as I had asked it to be cooked... medium rare, the puree, chard and cippolini wonderfully complimented the duck but the sweet potato fingerlings were out of this world! My wife chose the braised short ribs, wilted spinach, truffle potato puree, & spiced port glaze as her entrée. She could not stop raving about this dish and since short ribs are one of her favorites this speaks volumes to the extreme tenderness of the short rib and Chef Ryan's beautiful preparation of the spinach and potato puree. I had to taste the potatoes for myself since I cannot pass up a chance to sample an amazing potato puree. I agree completely with our waiter that everything is better with truffles. For our desert choices, my wife had the molten chocolate lava cake with hazelnut gelato and I chose the special lemon tart with a marshmallow Brulee. Both were wonderfully handmade by Pastry Chef Cynthia Depersio. A beautifully sweet way to end our evening of culinary magic and I would like to thank Chef Ryan and his amazing staff for this most wonderful way to have celebrated my wife's birthday.
