I totally agree with A. S. from Montclair NJ.  Before I give my opinion, I'll walk you through my experience at Alexus's.  After walking through the doors, I felt like I was in hill billy hell but my friend said give it a chance.  I wanted to try out a new steak house and found this location on my GPS but what I should have done prior to visiting this God forsaken place was reviewed these reviews.   The young lady who greeted us was fairly nice and asked if we would like a booth.  I said yes, thank you that would be great.  Gregg (6268) was our server and in all my years going out to eat, he is the worst server ever.  His demeanor was that of someone who did not care to serve  people like me and my friend.  When he came back with our drinks, he said that he had forgotten which drink was mine and which was my friends. Who does that?  After we tested to see which drink was ours, my friend asked if he can have a coke but Gregg said they didn't have coke.  What establishment does not have coke?  At this point, I knew we were dealing with a jerk.   Before and after placing our entrée orders, he never checked on us.  I watched him and how he interacted with other guests.  With them, he was pleasant and eager to serve.  So I was done, we asked if we can have our food to go.  But they brought our food out on plates anyway.  We asked Gregg for the carry outs and we will place our own food in the containers.  I didn't want him to do anything to our food.  (You figure it out)  He practically threw the containers at us.  My friend asked if we can have some utensils to place our food in the containers.  I guess we were suppose to us our hands.  Then, he throws two unwrapped forks and knives on our table. We paid for our food (without a tip of course) and got the hell out of there.  We didn't even receive a thank you or a goodnight from the two chicks at the front desk.   I normally don't write reviews but this was a no- brainier, I felt that I needed to. I GIVE ALEXUS STEAK HOUSE AND TAVERN, NOT ONE DAMN STAR, if i could.  There are other establishments that are far better and pleasant, THANK GOD. And as for Gregg, our server, next time wear your white sheet with the eye holes cut out.
