Very disappointed in my visit to Jimmies of Savin Rock today.  My family have a long history of going to that restaurant, back to when it was known more as a drive in for hotdogs than a seafood restaurant.  My parents used to bring us there for hotdogs when we were very young.  Later it was the first "real" restaurant that they would bring us to.  It's where we learned how to behave in a restaurant!  Even after all these years, when eating fried food is a very rare treat, Mom and I still like to go there a few times a year for a "fried clam fix."   Today we were disappointed by both the food and the service.  Jimmies always served big portions.  Inevitably you would bring some home with you, even if you were there for lunch instead of dinner.  Today we saw that they have drastically reduced their portions.  Now, I wouldn't necessarily mind a restaurant having a more reasonable portion, especially if it had a more reasonable price.  After all, the economy is what it is.  But we were shocked when my fried whole belly clam "platter" came on a tiny plate like you would put under a sundae to catch drips.  On that plate was a medium-sized baked potato, a small piece of toast, lemon wedge, tartar sauce, and seven, count 'em, seven fried clams.  Seven.  My mother had a similar plate, hers was a combo...she had seven clams, and nine fried shrimp.  *Blink* The price of these dishes was $16.75 each.   Unpleasantly surprised, we asked to speak with the manager.  When we entered Jimmies the people in front of us at the hostess station expressed surprise that there was a 10 minute wait for a table.  The "hostess" snorted and said.  "Welcome to summer.  Have a seat."  When we gave our names she also told us to "have a seat."  Not, "why don't you have a seat in the bar?  It's a good day for a cocktail," or something pleasant like that.  Just "Have a seat," in a rather bored tone.  This "hostess" was apparently the manager, because it was she who came over when we asked.  She proceeded to tell us that what we had received was the "lunch portion" that everything was weighed now, and the seven clams on my plate would have amounted to 8 oz....their standard lunch portion.  We said that we were surprised...we had been there for lunch before, and not so long ago, and the portions were much larger, and was told that we were wrong.  I pointed out that my mother's dish had roughly twice the seafood on it as mine, and was the same price.  This manager told us that she could see that my mother had "way too many shrimp" on her dish.  I said, "So, you're saying that the meal that my mother is satisfied with is an error, and the meal that I'm dissatisfied with is correct?"  And she said "yes."  She offered to take different orders from us, but we declined.  We had the type of food that we came for...just not as much of it as we wanted.  When we said we would be unlikely to come back again, she shrugged and said "That's your choice."     So, Jimmies no longer cares about their customers, and their customers have been faithful to them, as Jimmies menu never changes.  There are no new, inventive dishes.  Few concessions made to healthy eating.  The decor is worn and dated and their restrooms cramped and disgusting.  Their crab meat and corn chowder uses imatation crab, and their rolls are right out of the package and not warm.  We will no longer go there.
