A catastrophic unfortunate success is what this place will be. Based solely on location ( ask serafina about this ) and the controversy surrounding Chef Bryan Sikora this place MAY be a success. I also wonder why AKA would choose David Fields to open their restaurant when his last restaurant was a..... catastrophic  success.... when the Chef walked out. Enough politics, lets talk about the experience. I dined there recently and was left with nothing but a bad taste in my mouth, an appetite, and confusion. At first glance before i even sat down i noticed the knife and fork were both placed to my right, this made no logical sense to me. We sat down and the waitress poured our water while putting her fingers on the rim of my glass. She had a very uptight attitude and presence about herself that made me feel inadequate. I thought she was having a bad day but then looked around and noticed the entire waitstaff looked tense. The menu is delirious. Its broken down intro three category's, vegetables, fish, and meat. However somethings don't belong in their designated sections. For instance the Cacio e pepe has no veggies, meat, or fish, and is in the veggie section. We asked the waitress a few things about the menu and she fumbled around with descriptions.  I will say however that the Tequila old fashioned was pretty good, i also recognized the bartender from other well known establishments and credit her, not the restaurant for this, because they did take about 10 minutes to get to our table. We ordered Beets Scallop Crudo Fritters Spaghetti Quail Lamb The beets were messy and not visually appealing, however they were pretty good. On the contrary, this is kind of one of those dishes that is hard to mess up. The scallop crudo tasted like any other scallop crudo ive had, nothing special, nothing horrible. However like everything else, it was a bit over priced. Three fritters ( rice) that were cold with a sauce that didnt make any sense with the dish. Spaghetti was way too salty The quail stuffing was dry ( also dropped when we didn't have any silverware) Lamb, over cooked and over priced for the portion We passed on dessert, but when the cocky waitress dropped off the check she circled the price of the cocktails that were taken off the bill and actually said " just in case you wanted to tip on the amount of the drinks" I will however give credit to the host staff who were very sweet. Let's just hope for the kitchen and waitstaff can get it together The next night i dined at Talulas Garden, maybe they should take some tips from them
