Took my children here for the first time yesterday. Did not know this place existed and I've lived in the area for most of my life. This place aspires to work  like Dave and Busters but ultimately fails in the execution. You walk in, you buy a card for $.50 (really? they charge you for the card?) and then fill it with a dollar amount that translates into an amount of credits. Most machines take this card, but others rely on tokens. You can buy the tokens from other machines which require swiping your credited card. Confused yet? Every third game in this place was busted. Out of order signs were placed on many things which allowed for avoidance, but there were a good few that took swipes of the card, deducted points and did not work. When we complained to the front desk, they said they would send someone over to the game to fix it, and did not refill the amount lost. Additionally, on games that did work, promised tickets were never given as well, which disappointed my kids. Black light mini-golf promised some good times, but was ultimately disappointing at the start with a broken swipe machine that did not dispense a token for the balls. Had to wait after complaining a good while before a technician didn't fix the machine, but opened the ball case to retrieve the golf balls. The course itself was disappointing, only 9 holes and the individual holes were not surrounded by material to keep the ball within bounds. Balls were constantly rolling into other parts of the small course. The music at this course was lively, but inappropriate. While we played, we heard a song that touted the benefits of smoking weed, "Young, Wild and Free."   We stopped roaming for a bit while we waited the two hours for laser tag (the game runs every 15 minutes, but booked parties take priority of all the games) to grab a small snack. For 4 small drinks, some nachos and a basket of 5 chicken fingers, the cost was $18.00. The chips for the nachos were stale, the cheese had been obviously sitting there for a while, and the chicken fingers were way overcooked. All you tasted was grease and breading. Avoid the food. One of the only two bright spots of the day was the prize counter, where the teen helping us was the only one full of energy and life. She was quirky, witty and very nice. The other was laser tag. The game lasts a good fifteen minutes which at $7.50 a pop, is probably the only thing worth the money. We played in teams of six and hid behind the large floor to ceiling barrels and ran around the playing field like crazy people. Glad we saved this one for last because it left an otherwise drab day on a high note.
