Okay, so where do I begin? First of all this is a fantastic seafood restaurant in Astoria queens. Last night I went there with my family who has been going there for years, we ordered 5 glasses of wine, a glass of ouzo, a bottle of retsina and greek seltser, the peasent salad, scallops, grilled shrimp, lamb chops and fried calimaire.. Some how the bill only came out to $128?! The amount of food we were given was generous and usually is with the seafood. I will now talk about some of their food I reccomend. The scallops: cost $25 and come with one side, they seriously give you a HUGE plate of fresh scallops cooked to perfection, might I say for that price most restaurants will only give you 6 or 7 but not this place. The greek cheese in their salad is truely phenominal, I'm not sure what brand it is but it doesn't have that excessive saltyness that most feta cheeses usually have. The fried calimaire comes in a HUGE plate accompanied with marinara sauce. Grilled baby shark: my first time ever trying it was here, it tastes moist and kind of like steak, for a pescitarian this was so amazing and they serve it to you in a giant person that no person could possibly eat in one sitting. Grilled shrimp: It only comes in 6 giant pieces, but it is honestly the best shrimp I've ever had in my life. They butterfly it and leave the skin on to hold in the moisture. The greek style shrimp: it's okay, but not to die for, the feta cheese doesn't melt down with the tomato styled sauce and overall the feta dominates the plate. The salmon: is good and moist, but there are soo many better things to chose from. Anyways, every meal is offered with complimentry bread (baguette) drizzled in hot olive oil, and free greek flan (at times). There is usually always a long wait even if you come on a Monday night, but it is well worth it, (even though I commute from CT). This is the kind of place you leave from and you are uncomfortably full in a blissful way. I highly reccomend this place to any person who wants good value, fair prices, and generous portions. If you are looking for a quiet night alone, then go somewhere else.
