A sure fire testament to hedonism at its best. An elegant and romantic ambiance, cozy seating, enhanced with warmly lit hanging lights. I started with the Devils on Horseback, dates wrapped in bacon served with dijon mustard. If those are devils, then I must say it's a thin line between heaven and hell, as I don't know what ethereal place these bacon wrapped dates brought me to, but they were definitely out of this world. If those were the horsemen of the Apocalypse, then the world is not ending soon enough! Being on a budget, I opted to get a Burger with swiss, which was so flavorful I wondered whether I had forgotten what a burger tasted like? It could have been because it was the following act to my NDE with the Devils on Horseback and seemed to be the first thing I've tasted in this life. My friend and I shared, or were supposed to share (but he very rapidly inhaled all but a few), the Truffle Fries, which were a poignant and delightful coupling with my burger, or simply the cap to the evening's meal. Though I longed for dessert, I thought it best to be better safe than sorry (I only had $40 on me, holding myself firm in moderation). My friend got a glass of Stella and the Frisse Lettuce salad, which somehow rendered him full. I went last night, and have an overwhelming (and probably uncontrollable) desire to return this evening. I wish I could afford to be a regular, and can't wait to go for lunch and brunch! I had learned one of the collaborators to open this place is from my favorite coffee place in the city, Abraço. If they had that coffee there I would honestly move back to Greenpoint right away! It is the ideal date (and bacon wrapped date) restaurant: beer/wine/cocktails, gourmet otherworldly food, ice cream made in house, and of course, oysters. The combination of ambiance, food, and mood lighting proved to be an extreme aphrodisiac and I promptly felt all senses taking over. If I hadn't been there with my friend, I don't know that I would have been as discriminating with any ensuing indulgences. My only recommendation is, if dinner is followed by romance, be sure it's somewhere you can sleep afterward...because stimulation overload seems likely.
