This is the first time I have taken the trouble to write a negative review for a restaurant, but our experience was so horrible, that if hadn't cost us almost $1000 it would have "almost" been comical.  We had 9:30 reservations for 4 for NY Eve.  When the reservations were made we had been told that they had an open menu, and that for an additional fee of $25 each, we could go upstairs after dinner to watch the fireworks and enjoy a dessert buffet.  We arrived at approximately 9:20.  Our table wasn't ready so we went to the bar and bought a round of drinks. Right then we should have known we were going to have a problem as there was a bit of confusion with my sister's drink order. (She ordered a martini which I would think is a pretty standard drink.)  We were seated about twenty minutes later.  This is when the real trouble started.  We sat down and ordered drinks.  When we received the menu, we noticed that it was not an open menu as we had been told, but a prix fixe menu of $175 per person, exclusive of drinks.  We asked our server about this, but she informed us that was the only menu they were offering that night.  We also talked to the manager on duty...he apologized and offered us some complimentary drinks for the miscommunication. We had already ordered our drinks so we waited for them.  And waited.  The server came to take our dinner order...we mentioned the drinks we were still waiting for...she said they would be up shortly.  Yet still we waited.  We received our appetizers, yet still no drinks. It was only after we complained yet again to the manager did we receive our drinks, which by this point was almost an hour after we had ordered them, and after we had already finished our apps.  The manager was nice enough to offer us complementary sparkling wine, which was very good, but didn't quite make up for the issues so far. We did make it clear that we didn't blame the waitress up to this point as it was quite evident that this was a bar problem,  Not that there was a throng around the bar...there was hardly anyone at the bar....the problem was there didn't appear to be anyone behind it either.  But wait...there's more.  Our soups were brought out, but three out of the four of us did not have spoons.  (I also didn't have any forks, but my sister was kind enough to offer me one of hers for my earlier appetizer)  When our soups were served we did inform the server that we needed spoons.  So we waited.  And waited.  The manager walked by and asked us how our food was...when we informed him we were waiting for spoons he did make the spoons appear.  By this time our soups were cold.  I had the lobster bisque, which might have been good if it hadn't been cold and also quite salty.  Eventually our main courses arrived.  The server served everyone what they ordered and as he was puttiing my dish in front of me he said "salmon".  I didn't order salmon.  I told him I ordered artic char not salmon...so he said yes, artic char and put down the dish.  It was salmon.  I'm not a huge fan of salmon, but given our experience up to this point I didn't even bother to send it back. I don't know if it was just a mistake in the kitchen or a substitution that I wasn't told about. I took a bite of the salmon but that was about it....most of it was left on the plate.  The pureed cauliflower that is was served with was very tasty, but not worth being the main course for a $175 meal.  By this point it's 11:40 and our waitress suggested that rather than have coffee and the dessert included with the meal at the table, that we go upstairs to partake of the dessert buffet so that we wouldn't miss the fireworks.  We decided to take her suggestion...she brought our bill which had a 20% gratuity already included...no where did it mention that a gratuity would be automatically included....and which totaled OVER $900 just for the four meals.  For the record, we normally tip over 20% for decent service and well over 20% for good service, so the 20% wasn't the problem, but the 20% for the service we had received was.  Also, the fact that they didn't offer any sort of discount for having to forgo dessert due to their service issues was a bit disappointing.  To add insult to injury, we went upstairs and there were no desserts left at the dessert buffet!  I realize that service on a night such as NY eve may be a bit slower than a non-holiday night, but to have SO many issues is astounding. They obviously did not adequately staff for the evening, and some of the staff they did have was obviously incompetent. Other than the salty soup, and substituting salmon for artic char, the food had some promise.  I assume dessert would have showed promise as well, but we can't really attest to that since we didn't get any.  The only saving grace to my evening not being a complete fail was the company I was with. My husband owns a small business and we were considering holding an upcoming company dinner at the Moshulu...or at least we WERE.
