I was born in Brooklyn and moved to Canada (for business - not witness protection!) I missed the Pizza in NY - especially L&B (which has changed... but that's another review).  I now live on Clinton St so Sottocasa is a nice walk. The wait staff was attentive, got seated immediately and they described the pizzas very well... This place is great for a group of friends just going to share a few pies.  It's a bit loud but hey.. this is NY - we're a loud bunch, right? I know which pies my server likes, as I was told - repeatedly... again us New Yorkers are opinionated, so I laughed it off.  Sottocasa has a good vibe, pretty much a young crowd, and being a tad past my tweens I felt a bit out of place. On to the pizza... I think this place tries too hard.  I had the POPEYE, and with a name like POPEYE, I was expecting lots of Spinach, like more green than anything else,  so I was dissappointed (a bit) to see that the spinach was applied sparingly.  My BF had the TONNO & CECI - must say that it was interesting, but I am not a big fan of these 2 flavors. Later that evening, I started to feel a bit ill - not nausea sick, but just uncomfortable.  My stomach hurt really bad, I don't know - it's hard to describe but I was out of it.  Tried good old Pepto to no avail, alka seltzer - nothing.  I wound up falling asleep out of sheer exhaustion. My BF was not 100% as well, he said he felt "BLOATED" like his stomach was going to explode. We went to work the next day, and on my way home I decided to stop by and let the Sottocasa know that I was ill the night before.  Maybe there was soemthing in the dough - maybe it didn't cook enough, not sure - I din't even play a pizza maker on TV.  I met one of the cooks, (the guy with glasses) and he told me that it was impossible that their food made us sick. Maybe we ate something else someplace else. OK, I'll take that - maybe the yogurt and banana I had for lunch at 2:00PM made me sick right after I ate at Sottocasa. Too bad, all the reviews were so good - I suppose you really can't trust YELP ~Inna
