I am only giving Fette Sau one star for the atmosphere. My boyfriend and I walked in and were impressed and could not wait to eat and dig in but as soon as we walked up to the amusement park style roped off line to order our meals, our smiles started to turn down. We were looking at the board (which seems to be the latest corny trend in all the new places in Fishtown) and the guy behind the counter rudely said, "Are you going to order or what?" So we kind of felt rush even low no one else was in line. The female cashier kind of had an attitude, too and only smiled when she handed over our credit card slip to sign. I looked down and noticed a huge tip jar. It made me feel like I was at Dunkin Donuts but at least they are polite and do not rush you. So, with the cafeteria tray in hand, I went to the bar to get 2 glasses of wine and stood waiting for at least minutes as the bartender talked to friends. (there was only about 10 people at the bar and I was ignored by both bartenders) Meanwhile, my boyfriend had to go collect paper plates and utensils. Luckily they weren't busy, but my thought was "What if there were no open tables? Where do we go with our trays?" Then we started to eat and didn't finish anything, except for the wine. The chicken and brisket were dry so we tried adding the sauce which didn't improve the taste. So we tried our sides, potato salad, sauerkraut and baked beans and I wasn't impressed with any of them but I was especially disappointed in the baked beans. They were extremely spicy and I can not do spicy, I literally had an allergic reaction the next day, it was horrible. Maybe I am just use to my family's real German cooking. We left hungry and we both felt sick. I hope this place changes. I love Steven Starr, I have always enjoyed all of his other establishments but I just don't understand why his people are handling his places differently in Fishtown; why do they not have servers? We only spent $75 but when I go out for dinner, I am sorry but I do not want to get up to get another paper plate or drinks at the bar. I believe it is extremely tacky and I hope they figure it out.
