my friends brought me here for dinner and brunch during a weekend in philadelphia. i must admit that it was totally worth it. here's the stuff i got, and was able to steal off my friends' plates. lamb burger (dinner). the lamb itself was cooked perfectly: moist, flavorful, a touch of sweet char on the outside. i ordered in the style of the chicken (fresco?) sandwich, which has sundried tomato and tzatziki, and the chef was more than accommodating. the bun was buttery and crisp from grilling, and had enough heft to keep the burger together. truly delicious, but... ...the pork hash (brunch). holy mother of god, this stuff is off.the.hook. i could have--and should have--ordered 3 orders of this stuff so i could take 2 home after brunch. the pork is perfectly garlicky, but even though the ingredients sound heavy, the entire thing has a well-balanced palate-feel and doesn't weigh you down. the slight citrusy-ness-osity of the pork works well with the buttery potatoes. if i were on death row, i would order this with a couple of lime slices, fresh bird chilis, and warm corn tortillas on the side. seriously, this needs to be a featured item--not just a side dish on the menu. i've tried the brisket hash from el camino real (near 2nd and girard) and this is light years beyond that, flavor-wise. brunch peaches-and-cream-stuffed french toast. the toast itself was fluffy, low-key sweet, nyummy egg battered goodness. the peaches and cream...i could bathe in this stuff. it's heaven--i can't even explain it. get this!=^.^= the brunch burger hollandaise. the beef was cooked perfectly just as the lamb burger was, but i definitely did not expect two (2) patties of meat. portion wise, it was hefty--expect to bring some home:) the horseradish gave the hollandaise a nice kick, and the english muffin is the perfect platform for the burger patties. - - - in addition to the food, the decor is really cute indoors, but the outdoor seating area is where you wanna be when it's sunny out. everyone at this place is super nice and welcoming: they treat you like family, and answer any questions you may have. what can i say? i'm psyched for the next visit!
