I went there for lunch with a friend having read very mixed reviews of the place. Many recommended the beer but not the food. Well I thought I would give it a fair try in any case. Don't waste your time or money on this place!! Upon entering we waited near the hostess podium for about 5 minutes before anyone paid us any attention. There were 2 people sitting at the bar, a table of 4 and a table with 1 - so no reason to have slow service. We noticed one server and one bartender - it was only 12.30 pm on a Sunday. Being someone who loves different foods, I was really looking forward to a good German meal. We ordered a Gulaschsuppe (beef stew with potatoes in a red wine sauce) and a Kasseler Ripchen (smoked pork chop with sweet and sour red cabbage and a potato pancake). A female server took our order, but the food was brought to us (in a timely manner) by a male server. He had his thumb half way into the gravy of the Gulasch and spilled about two spoons of it on the floor and table just before placing it in front of me. He didn't seem to care as he said Oops and wiped it off with a paper towel. Actually I was a little shocked that he didn't think that his thumb in my food was unacceptable and didn't know what to do at the moment. My friend's KR was mediocre and overpriced at $19. My Gulasch was tepid to warm at best and after I tasted it from as far away as possible from where the server had his thumb inserted into it, called the server and told her that it was too cold to eat. She said "no problem - we can heat that up for you". Really!! I think that is the least they could do. I did get another bowl 5 minutes later, which was just as cold as the first. I was having horror thoughts as to what was being done to my food when it went back to the kitchen. Who knows. We left most of the food on the plate and decided to cut short our lunch. We paid our check in cash and the server came back with plenty of notes in change, but decided to round up the bill and didn't bring back 40 cents. Of course I know it is only 40 cents, but from when is it the right of any business to round up a customers check. I highly recommend not going to this place, What a waste to time, money and a nice afternoon when there are so many other nice places to go eat in Philly!
