Went into this place for the first time recently and ordered one burger and one order of fries. The total came to almost $13?!? I was baffled but i shrugged it off because I thought perhaps it would be worth it and didn't want to assume the worst ignorantly. But then the next thing was even more baffling. I was told it was going to be a 30 MINUTE WAIT. I'm sorry, i don't care how crowded you are but if its going to take 30 minutes to cook a burger and fries from the time of order and you're OK with that, than you might want to start assessing whats wrong with production  efficiency. Its not like you're cooking filets back there, and as crowded as you can be, its not the biggest place in the world so the orders are limited. When I'm cooking at a bbq, I usually cook more than one patty at a time. Just a tip. So I decided to wait anyway despite strikes one and two right off the bat because now I'm thinking "well this HAS to be good". 40 MINUTES LATER...... I decide to walk up to the counter to see if our take-out order was ready (or if anybody even remembered if i made the order and paid) because I was seeing that people who walked in after us and were seated, looked over the menu, made their order, and had gotten their food already. Now I'm no efficiency guru, but that seemed a little out of sync with how I thought the whole system works. I asked if the order was ready yet after 45 minutes of waiting and was told "oh thats comin up soon". Another 5-10 minutes later I'm finally handed my bag by a bothered looking employee without any form of apology. Not even a "here ya go". Are you kidding me? The burger was nothing to rave about. Seemed like some time would need to be put into it, but by that i mean about 15 minutes TOPS despite how busy you are. Ridiculous. I have to admit ( just so i don't sound completely biased) that the fries were phenomenal! That's what represents the over generous two stars I've given this place. Perhaps Ill give them another try in the future to see if it gets better because, frankly, that's the only way it can go.I do hope this is a rare occurrence because according to some of these other reviews, the place has some real potential.
