Giovanni's Brooklyn Eats is not only a welcome sight to Windsor Terrace but to Brooklyn in general.  It's an absolute pleasure to see a cozy, warm, friendly neighborhood place open that wants to serve good food, at the right prices and treat you like family.  I have been there twice now and both times I was either waited on by Giovanni himself or his sister.  They are both enthusiastic about what they do and who they are doing it for.   Now on to the experience.  The first time my family and I went there we were thrilled with what was going on at Giovanni's.  Very simply we had wonderful meals that were prepared well, flavorful and most importantly made with fresh items.  I can't tell you how many restaurants miss the boat on this.  The pasta was rustic, al dente and delicious and my Tilapia Oregenata was out of sight.  I beleive we also had parmesan fritters that were wonderful. Here's where I want to help Giovanni a little.  Many restaurants in our area suffer from the slump.  The first time you go to a place you have a great meal, but by the next time, they begin to slip.  This is not to say that Giovanni's is slipping but there are a few suggestions I have after our second experience that may help.  We had meat and seafood dishes this time and they were...dare I say it...boring and simple.  The salmon was very basic and presented almost too simply and they chicken piccata I had although good, well, you can get that same dish at a million places.  In addition, you make such a better impression when, if you are going to serve bread, choose really great bread and serve it warm  It makes a big difference and bread good bread is so easy to get in New York.  In addition, the broccoli that came with my chicken piccata was, well, limp and had very little flavor.  Saute broccoli with love oil and garlic should not be a challenge for an Italian restaurant. So, yes, go to Giovanni's Brooklyn Eats, the food is good, the people are nice, the atmosphere is cozy and help me cheer on and support Giovanni so he strives even higher with his product.
