Let me start by saying I'm a certified chef that has 7 years of experience. I am very generous with my reviews. I enjoy Applebees for christ sake... I went with my family to get a pepperoni pizza, (Which apparently is a margarita pizza with pepperoni from what the hostess said) and a white pizza (with red onions, mushrooms and olives.) We got two small pizzas, bruschetta appetizer, two unsweetened ice teas, two glasses of chardonnay and two glasses of Brooklyn beer. The tab before tip? $105!!! Are you kidding me??... I wouldn't mind if it were an authentic pizza from NYC.. however the amount of pepperoni on the pizza was pathetic. I could count the amount they put onto my pizza on two hands. Most of the pepperonis being on ONE DAMN SLICE ALONE. Do your cooks have Parkinsons, Lombardi? The white pizza was so gross with the curdled cheese from the ricotta pumped onto it from a star shaped pastry bag. WAY WAY WAYYYYYY too much ricotta on the white pizza. I found myself scrapping it off onto my plate in a curdled, gross mess. Not to mention the olives were so sporadic that it was almost a chore to bite into a selection of the three toppings at once considering they were way too generous with the onion and mushroom. (...surprisingly enough...) The only saving grace was the basil chopped on top of it which covered up a little of the MOUNTAIN of ricotta. The only thing I can say I enjoyed was the bruschetta and beer. Although to be perfectly frank, I can make a better bruschetta without even trying. Want me to prove it? Go ahead. I'll send you a recipe personally from my own kitchen. PLEASE, send me a PM on that. I will help you. DO IT. I promise. I'm just angry that you charged so much from your sloppy pizza. It's crap.. I swear it's horrid and it gives me hope that you can thrive as a pizzaria and do such a horrible job with poor consistency. Just because you're Italian and post pictures of your family DOES NOT MEAN you make a good pizza. As an Ohioan I can say your pizza only has the advantage of being baked in a stone oven. You better keep it that way because that is the only thing that keeps you from losing your restaurant. Also, cash only? Haha... Nice. Keep cook'in the books asshats.
