So my husband and I on our honeymoon decided to go to NYC as our trip! We were really excited and made a list of "to-do's". Lombardi's happened to be one of them.  On our last night of NYC we thought a pizza was a great night to top off our NYC experience. We took a cab and spent $20 to get there. We walked in and were sat almost right away. We walked through the kitchen area which I thought was kinda cool and were seated.  We attempted to order the clam pie but they had run out. So we went with the margherita and half meatballs. And drinks of RC and iced tea.   Now, my husband had mentioned as we were sitting and waiting for pizza that for the "first pizzeria" in the country, they decor seems to be very generic every where else pizza joint. Same red and white table cloths, same pictures on the walls.  We even noticed that they don't serve pizza at the bar? What? Why not? It would be good for solos who want just a slice or two since I also noticed that they only sell them by the pie. Our food came and it was good.  It was okay. The crust was nice, crispy and sturdy, but overall bland. Maybe I put too much of the hype that I heard about this place and just ended up saying "meh" to the pizza. So we asked for our check. Fifteen minutes it took to ask for our check and get change. FIFTEEN minutes! Are you kidding me?!?!?!? So my husband and I sat there watching the clock for 15 minutes while we were thirsty as refills were not available nor were we served water to wait. So when the change finally showed up, I didn't want it to be unsaid so I told the waitress what's the deal is with 15 minutes to ask for check and get change. It's not like there were lines out the door. She basically gave an unapologetic "sorry" while looking around trying to get out of the conversation.  WTF???? What kind of service is that? Really? You are the face of your establishment and you should look someone in the eye and be sincere about what happened. Look, I generally don't complain much about this industry. Being a waitress is hard. I'm a GM at an Irish Pub in California, but if I found out one of my staff treated a customer with that much disregard, I would have a very long unfortunate conversation with said employee. I was always taught that the staff are the front face of the company - No matter how horrible your day or life is, you put a smile on your face and if you make a mistake, own it be sincere and make up for it any way you can or you'll end up with an unfortunate yelp and a unhappy customer for life who will probably tell everyone else they know never to go there because of their own experience. So pizza okay - service not so much.
