I write this review with a good deal of thought and sadness. My husband and I have a combined total of nearly 35 years in the restaurant business in NYC. We have done nearly every job, except as chef, there is to do in a restaurant. So I come from a place of knowledge and I realize that bad reviews are not taken lightly. The sadness I personally have is that we both wanted this restaurant to work, and to be a place that we would go to regularly as it is close to our home. We were there during their first week and liked the food, so returned. In fact, we went back repeatedly for the first three months. The food was good, but we recognized the bumps in the service as "growing pains" so were forgiving. For instance, they advertised breakfast, but wasn't open for breakfast. That's just bizarre, but we figured we would wait it out and see if they got their act together. We know the first few months of a new restaurant are the hardest. They soon offered "delivery" yet when we called for delivery, we were told they actually didn't have it because "they don't have a bike." Umm..ok. The common sense thing would be a). don't offer delivery if you don't have it or b.) get a bike. We were perplexed as to why someone would do such a weird thing. Nevertheless, we were willing to be patient and ordered take out instead. We were convinced Queens Comfort had potential so let it go. Things changed when I went in one day for a late lunch. I ordered a beef brisket sandwich, which is typically super-tender. The brisket sandwich came and was so tough I couldn't eat it. I called the waiter over and told him I knew the brisket had been microwaved- it was the only way a brisket could have been that tough and that incredibly hot in the middle. It was  shoe leather. He apologized, and since he talked up the burger when I sat down, I ordered it. When it came, it WAS FROZEN IN THE MIDDLE. I couldn't believe it.  I then realized it was 4 PM, and the reason why my food was terrible is because someone who wasn't trained kitchen staff was plating up my food and FAILING. This was the time when chefs take off and run errands as it is the slowest time of day. Was a dishwasher turning out the food? The waiter was really apologetic, and I told him I didn't blame him, that this was clearly a mistake by the people who run the place. He offered me another choice, which by now was ridiculous, but I cautiously ordered a fried green tomato sandwich to go. I brought it home and tried to eat it, but it was so soggy that it fell to pieces into a fried mush. I ended up throwing it out. It was such a bad experience we didn't go into Queens Comfort for a long time. A few months ago my husband went in on a Sunday and reported he had a decent experience. In the interest of being fair and wanting to give it another shot, we went in a couple weeks later. It was about 6:30 on a Friday night and the counter had no one sitting there. The tables were pretty full, but the staff certainly shouldn't have been in the weeds as everything appeared manageable and there was only one deuce waiting. We were very hungry and were willing to sit at the counter. One table needed clearing and setting and another was paying their check. No one was at the door to greet us, so my husband went up to the expediter and asked if  we could sit at the counter. The guy turned around and in a very rude, abrupt tone said, "There's a line, you know." There was no "Hi, how may I help you?" which would have been what a restaurant who cared about their customers would have said. It was just one more thing in a long line of inept service points that we still found truly perplexing. That young man's rudeness made us turn right around and head straight for Sugarfreak, who always treats us with respect and where we know we will get good food AND good service. Being that we have spent so many years in the business, we learned from friends that Queens Comfort is just a play thing for some kid who has never worked a day in the business. No wonder the service is so wretched! He has never worked in a successful restaurant with good service and thinks his establishment can survive on the quality of food alone. Good luck. At some point, people are going to stop coming because the service is so obnoxious or non-existant. It is just basic things that good restaurants know and implement that make the service good and this place knows little of it. And what is worse is that they don't seem to care. Eating there is an exercise in masochism and I have to wonder if their customers like the abuse. I WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN QUEENS COMFORT AGAIN. There are just way too many other great restaurants in Queens that are just as good  or better (like Il Bambino) where I can spend my money and not feel I've been slighted by a spoiled rich kid who thinks he knows it all. If I didn't have to give them one star I certainly wouldn't. And this is sad because we really wanted the place to be a regular stop for us.
