I read all the food blogs(thrillist, grubstreet, time out etc) and like to try eat at a new restaurant weekly. I don't often write reviews but I was excited to get home and write this bc of how much I enjoyed my meal and want to see a great new restaurant get its due.Maybe I'll start writing more now.  As someone who grew up kosher, lived in Israel and left lsrael loving pork, I thought it was really funny that a new restaurant was opening up called Traif and would be specializing in pork and shellfish, so I was really excited to check it.  While I thought the name was clever and really funny, I had no idea just how serious of a meal I was going to get. Anyway, I take a particular interest in cooking so I grabbed a bar seat in front of the open kitchen where Chef Jason(chef and owner)  cooked all of the food right in front of me. Jason was extremely cool, laid back and super nice.  He was very receptive to all my questions about what he was cooking for me and extremely engaging. I think he appreciated my interest in the meal so he was happy to talk while cooking. Overview - The food is out of this world delicious. I can't say enough how much I was blown away by the food, and I've eaten food by some of the greatest chef's in NY, and some of the worst....this was one of the best meals i've eat in quite some time.  Everything was priced extremely reasonable and served as small dishes, so I was able to try a lot of different items. As some one who loves to eat adventurous, fine cuisine, as well as a good comfort food classics, I was excited that I was able to get both a crispy pork belly salad with sweet wine grapes(forget which type) and pickled artichokes, fois gras with fingerlings and a sunny side egg, as well as on the comfort side, one of the best chicken wings I've ever eaten(five spice and braised in duck fat....are you kidding me?) and quite possibly the best slider I've ever eaten(braised short rib on a potato bun with a slice of smoked gouda and a side of sweet potato fries).  I wish they made a white castle like box of those bc I could have eaten 10. Braised Pork cheek with polenta, reminded me of my grandmother's  brisket(except she doesn't make brisket with pork...too bad). Scallops with english pea rissotto was cooked perfectly(both the scallop and the risotto). Spicy tuna tartare on eggplant Tempura - awesome. The cinnamon strawberry ribs were insane. Lamb and chorizo albondigas(mexican meatballs) - I could eat 100 of those.   Dessert, Mel Y mato with honey and fruit was extremely refreshing and the Bacon donuts with dulce de leche sauce and coffee ice cream..holy s....t.  My buddy ordered another to go to bring to a girl he's trying to hit on at work. The only way I could describe this restaurant is a world tour of cuisine.   Everything was so fresh and each dish was more clever than the next, and all the dishes and ingredients clearly made by a chef who knows a lot about food and what makes food taste good.  The staff was really friendly and knowledgeable. Jason told me they are going to be changing many of the dishes weekly, based on what's being sold and whats fresh, so I'm curious to see what some of the new dishes will be. Yes, the traif idea is dear to me as  someone who finally discovered  how much I was missing by not eating pork and shellfish, but I will  be coming back because it really was one of the best meals I've eaten, period.  really cool, super-friendly, inviting environment. Loved the bar and will probably eat and drink there most of the time.  And completely affordable. 4 people, 13 dishes, 1-2 drinks each(try the green tea infused whisky with basil) came out to about 180 total. Pretty reasonable. Bottom line, I just left there feeling happy.  Best of luck to this new restaurant. I'll definitely be bringing my friends here soon to try some of the new dishes.
