Best Birthday Ever !  25 of us met here for a birthday party Okay, so a couple of months ago, I was searching for unique place to go for my birthday. We've been to some really great restaurants, but instead of going to them again, I really wanted to try something different that was out of my comfort zone. I searched and searched for different restaurants in the area that weren't your typical steak house, Italian food, American cuisine places and found Bierstube. When I read the menu it looked like fun German food- which I had read more » never really had before. I decided I definitely wanted to come here; it would be so much fun! It was AWESOME So we walk in, somehow. (I was just kind of confused by the whole set up. In the window there were chairs that were turned upside down on tables and the one door thing was locked and the sign said it wasn't open yet, and oh my gosh it shouldn't be this difficult to give you my money). So ok, I'm kind of stupid hahah and went back when they were actually open.  Once my peabrain got in I realized this was both a bar and a restaurant like most Philadelphia restaurants.. The menu was exactly as described online and I dreamt of the huge beer list.  The place had just opened so of course we were the only ones there but it quickly filled up.  We sat down and ordered our drinks and some food. The food was incredible. And I'm just being honest. Incredible We started off with the pretzels. They were soft like donuts and butter coated along with awesome dips.  The pulled pork sliders on steamed buns reminded me of French Asian like Susana Foo, yum. German-Chinese fusion, glad someone finally did it like Qingdao . I ordered the short rib burger with fries, and my fiancee got the bratwurst platter. The burger was a wonderful blend of shortrib and angus beef and the fries were piping hot and like the pretzels reminded me of Krispy Kreme donuts. Fresh cut authentic double fried Belgians are the best ! The bratwurst platter was Best of Philly, beer braised with fine accompaniments.  Unforgettable ! If you're looking to go somewhere to drink incredible craft beers and forget where you are, I 100% reccommend Bierstube.  If you want a gourment German dinner you can't find better than Bierstube either !  Prost !
