Was really looking forward to brunch here the night after a bachelorette party.  All I wanted was a giant mug of coffee to cure what ailed me.  Ended up getting by far the worst and slowest service I've ever experienced in a restaurant. The chicken and waffles were great (maple butter that comes with them was delicious, but would've liked the option of having syrup).  The dipping sauce for the chicken was really good too, like a buffalo sauce.  My friend had the frittata which was a small portion, and not very impressive.   We arrived with three of the 5 people in our party present, and the waiter told us we'd be seated in 10 min or less.  So we went outside to wait, since it was hot and crowded inside.  While we were waiting a couple of other groups of people showed up and were seated before us.  Then a different waiter came by and asked how many were in our party.  It became obvious that the first waiter had forgotten about us.  So this second waiter told us it would be a couple of minutes.  So finally after waiting for about 25 min we were seated at an extremely cramped table.  We got water right away, but after ordering drinks it took about 20 minutes for the waitress to bring them.  My friends got their Bloody Marys, but my coffee was missing.  About 5 min later the waitress came by and said that my coffee would be out soon, they had to brew a fresh pot.  So I waited another 15 min or so, still no coffee.  I see other people in the restaurant getting coffees, I see my waitress waltzing around, but still no coffee.  So a guy in our party goes over to another waiter and says "Excuse me, do you know when the coffee will be ready? My friend placed an order for one awhile ago and hasn't gotten it yet." The waiter said it should be out soon.  About 5 min later the waitress brings out my coffee without an apology.  I asked for milk and that took a few minutes too, then she brought out a tiny little thimble-sized milk.  I don't see how it could possibly take 40 minutes to get a cup of coffee, seems ridiculous at a brunch spot.  Our food came out after about a half an hour wait.  When I asked for a refill on my coffee (since their coffee cups are like tiny little teacups, not mugs), I waited about 10 min and then the waitress came by and said that they were again brewing a new pot and that it would take awhile.  I believe I got that cup about 15 min later, without milk.  At that point we were about to leave anyway.  Seriously?  I started to wonder if the waitress had it out for me, because why else would I receive such bad service?  It wasn't even super busy, the place is not huge, and there were several waiters working.  The chicken and waffles were good, but for the bad service I would never go back for fear I'd get that waitress again. The only redemption was at the end of our meal one of the other waiters apologized for the long wait(s) on seating and coffee delivery. So wrong for a hungover little lady to wait so long for a simple coffee.
