I couldn't have been more disappointed. To begin with, they had a construction crew working throughout our 3-hour meal. All night we were yelling over circular saws, pneumatic hammers, and power sanders. Not to mention unsanitary. We were a group of six people, and the only other people there for the entirety of our night were there for an older gentlemen's birthday. We waited more than 15 minutes before the waiter came to get our drink orders. All waters with one real drink and one soda (that never made it to the table,) and it took another 15 minutes for the drinks to come out. Then we sat around waiting for half an hour before the waiter came back out to take our orders, he wasn't anywhere to be flagged down, not going to the other table either. When he finally came, he told us the specials and took our orders. Cue an hour wait for our food. One steak (mine, I ordered rare,) one salad, one chicken parm, one spaghetti, one seafood/pasta bowl, and a roasted chicken dish. Again, it took an HOUR. Clearly some of that time was devoted to over-cooking my NY strip, because it came out medium-well. To me, that's nearly inedible. It appeared they tried to cover up their mistake with an out-of-a-bag white sauce that was slathered over my poor meat. The roasted potatoes were fine. We finished our meals in a reasonable amount of time and commenced waiting for a dessert menu. When the waiter came for our dishes, we actually had to prompt him for dessert and/or coffee. By this time two of our party had left, the rest of us ordered desserts, and myself an "expresso," as the waiter called it. My espresso didn't even make it to the table until I had finished my straight-from-the-freezer tiramisu. By that time the other party had left and our waiter and another guy were screaming at each other in the bar around and behind the wall from our table. So let's recap. Our meal took 3 hours on a night where there were just two parties in the restaurant, 6 people each. The entire time our waiter was pretending he didn't exist, or forgetting parts of our orders. My steak was murdered rather than cooked. The food and drinks were overpriced. There was seriously construction work happening 15 feet from our table the entire night (I still cannot believe this.) To top it all off, our evening ended with us serenaded by angry Spanish. I'll be calling some newspapers about the construction, that cannot be legal.
