Regarding the atmosphere of the restaurant, it was cheery and comfortable.  The service was admirable. The wait staff was very attentive. They refilled water glasses almost immediately, and providing me with club soda for our clothes when a member of our party caused a spill.  Everything was fast.  We were seated immediately and the food came out quickly. However, we attended the restaurant in the early evening of a Tuesday so our party was one of, if not the only party present Specific thoughts on the food: Most Mexican Restaurants offer chips and salsa before bringing out the entrees. The chips were particularly impressive as they are supposedly made form scratch in the kitchen. The quality of the chip in taste and texture reflected this claim. Two salsas were offered with the chips---salsa verde and another red one.  The spice was great for both, spicy enough to keep me interested but not too spicy to kill me before the meal. Both salsas seemed adequately fresh with an only slightly watery consistency. One of the entrees ordered was the Crema de Calabazo y Chile Poblano (cream of squash and chile pepper).  It was green, normally a soup color I try to avoid, but it was definitely a good risk to take.  The flavors were carefully balanced: not too creamy, not too spicy, and the squash gave it a smooth texture.  Topped with nutmeg, this was a soup with many different tastes. Another was the Quesadillas Vegetarians made of "flour tortillas, black beans, mix of three Mexican cheeses, and fire roasted vegetables."  The cheese was not greasy or gooey and the flour tortillas tasted fresh and light.  Though light, it was far from dissatisfying.  The vegetables were very filling. Corn tortillas, rice, and black beans were provided at the table.  The corn tortillas were fresh, the black beans were slightly spiced, and the rice was flavored with tomato We also ordered two types of hard tacos: Fish and Chicken. The tacos were enclosed in a thick crispy tortilla shell. The shells were fresh and sturdy, not crumbling in your hand as lower quality taco shells often do. The meet was drizzled in a savory sauce with cheese and diced tomatoes. On the side was a thick and spicy chipotle sauce. We found the blend of sauces complementary. We found both the fish and the chicken to be moist and flavorful Lastly we enjoyed an order of Ceviche. A dish with fish marinated in citrus juices and tangy olives all on top of tortilla chips. They put a scoop of orange slushee on top of the concoction which was a perfect blend of tangy and sweet sensations. The few criticisms are that the entrees all seemed very expensive.  On the other hand, the starters were much more reasonable and definitely sufficient portions for a meal.  College students need not be weary---you can satisfy your appetite with the appetizer alone. Overall, the food is definitely tastes fresh and is adequately authentic` to a certain style of Mexican food while having a 'chic' modern layout rather than hole-in-a-wall fell restaurants that taste more authentic. Rating 3 out of 4 Stars
