Moto was hands down the biggest disappoitment I've experienced in awhile. We got the one-two punch, an apathetic waiter who did absolutley zero in terms of service ( hoped u realized that when you saw your three dollar tip) and just terrible food. I'm writing this review because I'm shocked at how many people are raving about this place- it fucking blows. Got the tomato soup and artichoke to start, the soup was ok (it's tomato soup my dog could make it) but the artichoke was overcooked, oily, and just really blah. My gf was debating just getting another app for dinner but saw the tuna steak special and decided to try it. I ordered the organic chicken. A half hour later, no food and not one iota of attention from our waiter, my empty bowl of soup and my gf's artichoke remains were still sitting in front of us, along with empty beer glasses. I like to drink beers they blew it big time on this alone- they could have added significant money to the bill by paying attention. I kept looking around for our waiter, he was either in the back or behind the bar chatting, never on the floor. This place is so small it's absurd that he couldn't take a lap every ten minutes and check on his table I was surprised that the chicken dish was only a leg. A chicken leg with some overcooked cabbage for $17? I was shocked. I asked another waiter (ours was prob doing lines in the back) if this was standard and he shrugged and said "yep, it's only a leg". Christ, to think we could have gone to Frank in the EV and gotten a huge half chicken for less money... The real crime here was my gf's tuna steak. Pounded out flat, it was enormous and tasted like cat food. My gf isn't picky, never complains, even she couldn't stomach it. This was supposed to be their special, it was a travesty. I worked in restaurants for almost 10 years. This experience ranks in my top ten worst ever. Outside of a bit of ambience this place is an overrated shithole, and I truly question anyone giving it 4 or 5 stars. Our bill was 77 dollars and and we felt robbed. Heard so much about this date cake but our date with moto was over and we're definitely breaking up- there will be no return visit for a second chance. Watch out for the waiter with the shaved head- he's not even worth the three dollars we left him. Ambience and cramped décor does not make a good restaurant yelpers, food and service do. Avoid at all costs
