I recently had a taste for some BBQ this past Sunday, March 9,2014 so I  looked on the web this place came up first.Upon arrival the hostess advised me that  there would be a 30 to 45 minute wait. I agreed to wait giving her my name. As I stood by the door I realized that there were only 2 servers. People who came in after me were advised that there would be no seating customers for at least an hour.It seems that those scheduled to  work that day did not come in. When I approached the hostess again I questioned if my party could sit at the table and wait? While she went to talk to the manager the overworked waitress came up I questioned if it would be a problem if we sat there. She immediately responded with a "BAD ATTITUDE" telling me that the hostess is new and she told me wrong information when she told me that my party could be seated. To say the least I was taken back by her response my mouth literally fell open my friends could see her attitude from where they stood. I really gave the waitress a pass because I realized that she was being overworked. However, I am a person and some respect could have been shown. There was no I am sorry but we will not be seating anyone or any form of an apology although she had walked pass my party and I at least 2 times.Every time that I attempted to open my mouth she shut me down!! I felt like I was being scolded for wanting to give this establishment my money!   Needless to say I will not be going back!!!! I also tried to call "Baby Blues BBQ" yesterday (March 11,2014) to speak with a manager about my experience the young lady who answered the phone asked my name which I gave she returned to the phone advising that no managers were available. I asked if there was someone who was in charge she said, "no. " I then asked if she knew when someone would be available she said she didn't know. I was left with no other choice but to send an email directly to baby blues BBQ which I doubt will be answered and to post this review on "YELP!"   "BAD ATTITUDE AND GOOD FOOD DO NOT MAKE GOOD COMBINATION"   No star can be given for BAD SERVICE OR COMMUNICATION SKILLS!!!!!!
