We went to La Carreta for lunch but it was closed. So we went there again for dinner, and fortunately, after a long trudge, we finally sat around a table. The restaurant is located in a residential area, quiet and peaceful, with an obscure deep green signboard. It was not convenient to get there, and there were few customers in (to be more exact, zero before we entered). The environment had nothing special, in comparison with other Mexican restaurants. There were small decorations like a picture of a Mexican man. Not much use of bright colors, and the whole room and the furniture looked a little bit old. There were only four tables in it. I guess they possibly provide more delivery service. The kitchen is the main part of the restaurant, and they didn't seem very used to providing table service. We had to ask for silverware, and they only had paper napkins. There were three or four people working in the restaurant, most of time they were cooking food, except that one of them would run out if the customer had any need. We could see pictures of dishes on the wall, and they were extremely useful to foreigners like me and my roommates. The menu was a piece of paper, convenient and easy to understand. I took one, hoping to learn the complex names of Mexican dishes. Haha... It took about 15 minutes until all our dishes were served. Not fast, in my opinion. We had 5 people and we ordered: Chicken Burritos, Beef Burritos. Chicken Quesadillas, Enchiladas and Vegetarian Tacos. Burritos were in an American style, as one of my friends commented, but they tasted good. I found beans, cheese, cabbage and chicken in the fillings, and I liked them all. Quesadillas was soft, and had a strong taste of cheese. Another friend felt that the cheese was not Mexican - the orange color signaled it was likely cheddar cheese. Enchiladas were too sweet and not spicy enough. Vegetarian Tacos was full of vegetables and looked healthy. The flour tortillas served with the tacos did not taste extremely fresh. Maybe they were purchased and stored rather than made in the restaurant. We also ordered Mexico-made sodas. Different flavors, different colors, the right sweetness, made with real sugar, a nice change from normal soda menus. The price was relatively low, and the portion was big. We spent about $9 per person, including tips. I only managed to finish half of my burritos. In conclusion, though the meal was authentic as we expected, they tasted not bad and at least worth the money we paid. The environment and service were barely satisfactory.
