I avoid places in times square like the plague but a good friend of mine decided we're going to celebrate his b-day here so it wasn't a question of choice. We were a group of 10. I'll start with the good: * A really good chocolate mousse cake And now the bad: * No menus. There's a menu on the wall but a friend of ours that is shortsighted couldn't see it so he had to go with whatever people were ordering. People who sat with their backs to the menu also had a hard time. Not cool. * Cold bread served with no butter or olive oil for dipping. In one average size basket for a table of 10, so at any time if someone at one side decides they want some bread, half the people on the other side can't get to it. * I did not taste the fried calamari that was ordered for an appetizer but everyone who did agreed that it tasted very bad. I don't know how you can ruin something that's deep fried in batter, but as I said, I didn't try it. * After our round of appetizers, the crew that was sent to collect the plates before they bring out the food seemed annoyed with us not handing them the plates. One of them even yelled at a friend of mine for not noticing they're collecting the plates and not removing his cutleries. * The cheese ravioli was WAY too salty, and there wasn't enough tomato sauce to cover it all (we got a plate of ravioli with sauce only in the middle) * When it seemed like some people are done eating, the same careless crew asked one or two people sitting on one side if they're done and then took away all the plates, some of which were still half full. Other people who were still eating were surprised to find out that the central plates were gone when they got their heads up from their plates. The food was already thrown away. No one even asked us if we wanted a doggy bag. * I mentioned this was a birthday - one person got up and went to the waiter discreetly and asked him for a chocolate cake with candles for the birthday boy. When the birthday boy tried to look at the dessert menu (they brought one for the entire table), the waiter informed him that someone already ordered dessert so he should not bother, and took his menu away. By this he both ruined the surprise and left 10 people with one dessert that is meant for 2-3. * We ended up ordering another cheesecake because the first dessert was not enough for 10. The lemon cheesecake had such a bad aftertaste of lemon that no one had more than one bite and half of it was thrown away. As if all this wasn't enough (at this stage we were discussing how we would rate the place and the average score was between 5 and 6), when we tried paying with 5 credit cards, the waiter said he can't do it, as there is a maximum of three and the computer won't let him. I insisted on seeing the manager, who told me that it's their policy not to take more than three cards per party. I proceeded to explain that I don't think five cards are excessive for a party of 10 and that I expect them to figure out how to do this because this is how we're going to pay. They miraculously found a way to charge five cards, while informing us, again, that this is a one time thing and it's against their policy. I couldn't care less. If they did not add the 18% tip automatically to the bill, I'd leave around 10% or less. I'm not even complaining about the outrageous prices because it's times square and I expected to pay a lot more than what the food is really worth. I will not be returning to this place anytime soon. There are a million good Italian places in the city and there's absolutely no reason to keep going to the bad ones.
