EDIT: Overall the cafe is a fantastic place to go her some amazing teas. They are brewed fresh and anything you could want to add to it is there. Unlike other cafés you get real glassware for you piping hot teas. I'm glad the owner cares about what the customers have to say it says a lot about the business. EDIT: After talking to the owner about the situation everything was righted. It's safe to say I will be returning to the cafe on future visits. ----------- Last night (July 25, 2014) at about 10:35 PM my friends and I went into the cafe to get tea to end our night. We have been there many times and know what the teas we order taste like and just about how long they take to make. We order Jasmine Pearl tea, got the tea very quickly, which was surprising, and were then quickly rushed out of the cafe. Even though there was still 20 minutes left to closing and we weren't causing any trouble. While we were putting sugar and what not into our tea, the teen/lady that made the tea deliberately shut the lights of to that zone. We had to use our flash lights on our phones to read the packets to find the correct sugar. The lady seeing this snickered. Just before being removed from the cafe the lady's boyfriend walked in and they started to talk, she turned the lights on in the area where she wanted to sit, but would not turn the lights on for the sugar area so we could see. After being removed from the cafe, my friends and I got back in the car and noticed, our tea smelled odd. Knowing what the tea should smell and taste like, we discovered that the lady had given us Chamomile tea rather than what we ordered, which was Jasmine Pearl. All the times that we have come to the tea house the Jasmine Pearl tea NEVER had a tea bag in it, yet this tea did, tipping us off. I paid for the three teas we ordered (receipt number #DIS4). The receipt clearly say 3 Jasmine Pearl teas BUT WE DIDN'T GET THAT. We decided not to tip the person who made our tea since, as we discussed didn't earn the tip. On top of serving us the wrong tea, the lady was rude. She refused to let us pay with cash. She purposely turned the lights off in the area we were sitting. Served us the wrong tea knowingly, as the Jasmine Pearl tea has to be brewed which takes a couple of minutes, this lady simply through a teabag in a cup and poured FAR TOO MUCH water in. The tea even though it was incorrect STILL tasted awful due to the copious amounts of water and and the rips in the tea bags.
