This restaurant is NOT even close to authentic Colombian food. My friend invited me to what she referred to as "a great Colombian restaurant" in Brooklyn. Being that I was born and raised in Colombia, and I miss my grandma's cooking so much, she wanted to give me a taste of home and make me happy - she's so sweet. When we got there, the wait was a little long so I thought hmmm... this has got to be good.  At the moment I did not think much of the fact that everyone there, except for me, was white!  I ordered my favorite soda, "Colombiana" and started to get excited. I ordered the Ajiaco soup because that is such a typical dish from Bogota and I miss not having it every Sunday for lunch. When my soup came, I though the waitress was joking! It was a super yellow broth, with a piece of chicken, corn on the cob and white potatoes.  First of all, ajiaco is not bright yellow; it is a dark yellow, moving to a very light brownish color. Second, it is a soup but not a broth; it is a very thick - so thick, that you put cream on top of it, and it does not sink (by the way I didn't get the cream). Second, you don't serve a piece of chicken; the chicken is shredded. The potatoes are not white or served whole! you have to use the yellow kind called "criollas" and wait for them to almost dissolve in the soup. And what happened with the guascas? there is no ajiaco without guascas.  Their soup tasted like something I can make at home with  free-range chicken for a lot cheaper. My friend ordered the "bandeja paisa" because that is her favorite dish there. I am not from Medellin, nor have I ever been there, but I have had a lot of bandeja paisa in my life and her dish was just sad.  I really wanted to walk out, but did not want to hurt her feelings after she was being so thoughtful.  I may just invite her to come with me to Colombia next summer and show her what Colombian food is like.  Hell, I will take her to have ajiaco the first day!!!! So my dear American friends - when you want to try ethnic food, go to a restaurant that is filled with people from that country. In other words, if you want to try Colombian food, go to a restaurant that is filled with Colombians. That is when you get close to the original.  Of course, if you want to taste the real thing, then you have to go that country.
