Well it's definitely an experience.  Not sure an experience that I want to repeat.  Where to start?  Well, let start with the fact that I get it, I understand what the owner(s) are trying to do, avoid the seafoods that are over fished and unsustainable but it doesn't excuse poor service and average tasting sushi.  If you're into trendy, hip and can excuse the previously mentioned, this is the place for you.  If you want decent service and great food, you may want to think twice. Seating: Apparently if you're less than a party of 4, you can't get a reservation but when we asked how long the wait was going to be (5 minutes before we arrived) we were told it was going to be a 15min wait, 1 hour later we were finally seated in the middle of a walkway. 10 Minutes later we were then acknowledged by our waitress.  But the positive is that it gave us almost enough time to digest the War and Peace size menu. Wait Staff: Let's talk about the wait staff, our waitress seemed nice and positive but unfortunately she suffers from a lack of attentiveness as her co-workers suffers from a lack of professionalism.  One even was trying to be "efficient" by carrying more dirty dishes than he should by hand, dropped one and splattered food all over my jacket, that was hanging on the back of my seat, at first I didn't notice but when I did (5 minutes later), the waiter then asked if he "got me".  He was very apologetic and took care of it by getting some soda water and $50 worth of gift cards but would any of that happened if I didn't check my jacket?  I honestly don't think so, I understand accidents happen but it would have been nice if he had just asked me to check if he may have splattered my jacket.  Another decided to use a dining room chair as a step stool to lean over the sushi bar to hand a drink to the sushi chefs.  Strange behavior during business hours but the more disturbing part, he didn't clean off the seat so a customer would ultimately sit on whatever was on the bottom of his shoes.    And the finale, one waiter was doing shots with a couple of, apparent, college girls. The Food: The appetizers were the best of the meal.  Once we had the "sushi", it was just average.  The rice, just didn't taste like sushi rice, more like a bland brown rice.  Some of the rolls just lacked flavor, even with the over compensation of added cheese in the rolls.  The dessert, we had the Seven Deadly Sushi (pretty good) and I'm must have missed that it was only 1 bite per $8.75, so we got a $26 shock. Bottomline: As I mentioned before, if you want hip and trendy, give it a try.  If you want more, like great service and food...well you have been warned.  Who knows you may love it, there are plenty of people on Yelp that do.
