I'm surprised this place is still open after the atrocious service it provided during the Super Bowl. I placed a large delivery order of wings the Friday before the Super Bowl for delivery at 5 pm Super Bowl Sunday.  My wife called them at 1 pm Sunday to confirm the delivery.  "Uh, what order?"  It was never entered into the system.  They apologized for the snafu and assured her it was no problem, they'd still be able to deliver our wings by 5 pm.  "Okay, No worries. These things happen." Well, 5 pm came and went - no wings. "Hmm..." 6 pm - still no wings.  We tried calling but the line was busy.  7 pm - guess what? No effing wings and a busy signal.  "But, hey, check it out, honey! They ran my credit card! It must be on the way!"  Yeah, right.  8 pm - crickets.  "WTF?!?! I'M STARVING! ANSWER THE PHONE!"  9 pm - "@#$%!!!! BLEEEEEEEEEEEEP!" After that, we gave up and ordered pizza.  At 9:45 pm, the pizza arrived ON TIME and it was delicious.  "Swell, let's forget about the wings and enjoy the rest of the game."  Not so fast.  As we polished off the pizza, a harried delivery guy shows up at our house sometime after 10 pm. "Uh...hi, I have your chicken order."  "Thanks, pal.  Right on time for next year's Super Bowl."  But, whatever, by that point my family had moved beyond the first four stages of grief and accepted the absurdity of the situation.  Now we just had to figure out what to do with more than 200 wings.  "Hey, kids, who wants wing omelets for breakfast?" "Those drumsticks would make a great pair of earrings."  "Save, the bones! I want to make a tribal necklace."  Ah, but Urban Chicken wasn't finished torturing us just yet.  As I mulled over the versatility of the bounty of assorted poultry parts now in our possession, I opened the box and made a shocking discovery. "Hmm...what the?...chicken tenders?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?"  It was the wrong BLEEPING order!  It was hundreds of them!  Cold, soggy and limp boneless chicken tenders. "Is this a sick joke? Where's the celery? No blue cheese? How am I going to make that necklace?"  The food here is very good and I'd often order from them (despite the owner's at times gruff demeanor over the phone).  Not anymore.  I'm done.  I will never give this place another dime.  And why should I? It's May and my family has barely dented the massive stockpile of chicken tenders spilling out of our freezer.  On the bright side, if the apocalypse comes at least we'll be well fed.
