Do not listen to ANY of the haters on this site.  If you are a coffee addict and food lover like me, this place is a dream come true.  As Gary Portnoy said, sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name; the staff always remembers your name, greets you with a smile, and asks you if that meeting you told them about last week went well.  You cannot underestimate the value of first rate service.  If you're stressed out and in a rush, this calm, friendly atmosphere is the perfect antidote -- no, I have never had one issue with the rapidity of their service, despite having the appetite of a medium-sized horse.  The food is tasty and interesting, and the menu is varied with, dare I say, PLENTY of options so that you couldn't possibly get bored.  As far as their coffee goes, I would put it right up there with the best in the city (I also frequent La Colombe and many other coffee shops in the city), if only for the variety of options they provide.  You can go with their drip, which is tasty and pleasantly non-corrosive to human epithelial tissue, more than I can say about Starbucks' drip for instance.  Or, you can go with their cold brew (which sounded delectable, but was actually three times as good as it sounded), their espresso creations (which are quite solid), or their imported coffees which they make on a hot plate (it looks like a crazy organic chemistry experiment facilitated with Dumbledore's magic, and tastes pretty much like pure, unadulterated awesomeness).  If you want your food and beverage to stay, you'll love the seating up in the cozy loft where you have a nice view out into the beautiful Spruce Street.  Or, you can choose the comfy outdoor seating where the staff will still make sure to check up on you and see if everything's okay.  This cafe is hell-bent on quality and innovation.  They are always trying to improve and look for better ways to include more international choices and adapt to their customers' wide spectrum of tastes, preferences and dietary restrictions.  Give it a shot; you will not be disappointed!
