That Miyas doesn't have a solid, unwavering five stars blows my mind. I guess not everyone goes out to eat to enjoy the art of cuisine so much as to absent-mindedly shovel down the latest overpriced bluecheese burger while watching strategically placed televisions that obscure the fact that we've lost touch with the art of p2p communication when it happens in the flesh. Miyas is not just a restaurant. It is the brainchild of a brilliant man and a hard-working family and it's energy is channeled by an AMAZING staff. It is art. Going to Miyas with an open heart, mind and an empty stomach should be as vital to one's bucket list as the running of the bulls, the northern lights or Burning Man. The lowdown: If you don't like sushi, you'll like the food here. If you do like sushi, you'll like the food here. If you're a traditionalist about sushi, some things may surprise or offset you, but you'll still like the food here. Sustainability expert, artist, chef, inspiration to all twenty-somethings in the throws of a stagnant economy, has created a large and literate menu that weaves tales, mythology, annecdotes, trendy humor and of course, the eclectic fair; for example, I highly recommend the Maghreban-themed rolls (with goat cheese and berber spices) and the chili-pepper-infused sake. The nice thing about the food itself, is that not all of Bun's rolls are as pricey as those which, say, are infused with rose. The vegetable roll menu will fill you up on one hour of minimum wage. What does this mean? The menu is set up like the restaurants of France, which stratify the prices based on ingredients and complexity, inviting people from all walks of life and socio-economic status to dine. Thanks, Bun, for carrying on the european  value that dining among friends in a convivial atmosphere is something that should be able to be enjoyed by all. Finally, try and catch a night where the man himself is in. I'm sure he'd love to get to know you and infect you with his passion and his eye for community building. If every entrepreneur were like Bun, amalgamating art, business, sustainability and community outreach the world would be far more reflective of the redeemable portion of the human experience.
