I have never had a more humiliating experience than when I had the unfortunate chance of dining at the Chef's Table. I was with a party of 18 who had rented out the restaurant in December for the end of the year party, the hosts had pre paid for the full 18+ course dinner. One host brought quite a few nice bottles of wine and was pouring glasses to match our courses. The food was excellent, the hostess was pleasant while serving out about six sushi courses, and very accommodating when I informed her of an allergy.  it should have been a lovely evening- I would certainly hope so given the $400+ per person price tag which did not include wine. Unfortunately the only thing larger than the price tag was the chef's ego. After the second non sushi course, he threw all of us out of the restaurant because we had not complimented him enough. But not before the hostess took the time to insult our character. Apparently when one dines at the Chef's table one must speak only of how delicious the food is, and one must do so after every course. One may not click the wine glasses together to make a toast, and god forbid one knock a wine glass from the narrow little counter where they place them when they were BYOB, otherwise the hostess will call the offender a drunk. Sadly we were not informed of these rules before we dined there. Here is what happened- to the best of my knowledge. Apparently the chef was offended that during the sushi courses we started talking amongst ourselves and toasting to the end of the year, and generally having a good time. The host who brought all the wine was quite a collector, so he had a few things to say about the wines that we were drinking. The chef felt that some of the attention that should have gone to him was now going to the wine. He sent out two small meat courses after the sushi, then desert and told us to leave. He started cleaning the kitchen and repeated that dinner was over and we had to leave. Of course the people who booked the dinner were confused at first. The hostess informed us that we, as guests, were no longer welcome at their restaurant due to our poor behavior. Of course at this point we became upset and asked what kind of establishment this is. The hostess then raised her voice and said "Have you thought about how you have been behaving? You have been clinking the glasses, you broke a glass, you are all drunks! We don't do these sorts of dinners!" I felt like John Belushi getting yelled at by Dean Wormer in Animal House.   Were we drinking? Of course, but we were by no means acting like a bunch of jackals. That hostess was so uptight about a broken glass (Which someone's purse knocked off the narrow counter before a single bottle had been corked) and didn't want people talking to each other between courses. Frankly, I don't think the restaurant industry is the right place for people who can't handle a broken glass or boisterous guests. They don't do these sorts of parties? Well, then they never should have booked a party for a law firm. I will certainly never return. Did I mention that after being thrown out, insulted, and being served less than half the food, there was no refund?
