I hate to be the lone reviewer on this page with a negative review but I have a story to tell. No dispute - the food here is excellent.  It is the rude staff that has brought me to a boiling point. I live very close by  so I eat at Brookside and order takeout from them all the time. It all started when the owner (a short woman with glasses) came running over to my wife and I, screaming in the packed restaurant, and informed us that we were "eating the dish wrong". Apparently, we WERE NOT ALLOWED to put rice on top of our curry dish.  Quite embarassing having the staff tell you how to eat your meal. We thought we were dreaming, except this exact same scenario played out again months later. Another time, we asked for chopsticks and they said they had them but refused to give them to us because that is "not how you eat Thai Food". As if this wasn't enough fuel to start a raging fire, I was informed a year or so later on a visit that I was "eating my fish wrong".  The owner basically stuck her fingers in my Red Snapper to show me how to eat it WITH the lemongrass and rice, etc, and that I was wrong in how I was eating my meal. Finally, the straw that broke the camel's back was tonight.  I called from the car so it would be ready when I got into Bloomfield. I asked for the "Gang Keaw Wan", a dish I have ordered a hundred times before.  I could tell the rude owner was on the other line.  She asked me what "number on the menu it was". I said I didn't know, I was in the car and didn't have the menu in front of me, but I order it all the time. It's the only one on the menu it's called "Gang Keaw Wan".  In her typical condescending fashion, she proceeded to instruct me that i have to tell her the number on the menu because she doesn't know what I want otherwise.  I could tell she didn't like my Thai Accent, and this was her way of protest.  I hung up and didn't order, and never will again. This place has delicious food, but I have had enough.  The owner is so unbelievably rude and treats her paying customers like stupid children.  It is unacceptable to treat customers this way. I urge you to think twice before eating here.  It is not worth it.
