Our experience at The Little Owl , in the west village at Grove and Bedford was "out of this world"!  The ambiance is intimate, comfortable and the perfect setting to enjoy a great meal, marvelous wines, wonderful music and be able to carry on a conversation. The menu offers an interesting and flavorful variety of appetizers, salads, entrees and desserts. Creative without being pretentious. We were greeted by a charming Gabe Stulman, host and part owner of The Little Owl.  Although he entrusted us into the very capable hands of our server, Monica, he was there throughout the evening to make sure we were happy and we were...very. My friends and I sampled appetizers with, salmon, duck and pasta...all delicious and light enough to save room for the rest of our meal.   Excellent fresh bread accompanied this course.  Our host  expertly selected our wines for us as requested. Three of us had incredible, "melt in your  mouth" fish dishes including a whole red snapper, cod and halibut.  Raves all around.  My husband and I shared crispy chicken and  a steak that was smothered in a fabulous sauce with pancetta, mushrooms and other wonderful flavors.  There were creamy green mashed potatoes, asparagus home fries, broccoli rabbe and other very tasty side dishes that complimented each other  well.   Even though we were well stated, we tried all the desserts...they sounded too yummy to pass up.  The chocolate offering was "to die for"!, The raspberry biegnets were light and not too sweet...just right.  They were served with a little chocolate/hazelnut butter... WOW!! There was a nice assortment of freshly baked cookies and biscotti,  a variety of gelatos and fruit sorbets.  The lemon basil sorbet was outstanding. Partner and chef Joey Campanaro also came out to make sure we were happy with our choices.  Not only did we appreciate his talent , but  it was easy to see that his heart is in his work. I highly recommend this new restaurant and intend to make it a regular  of mine. We had a great meal and a perfectly delightful evening at The Little Owl.
