I just returned from a very disappointing dinner experience at Roberto Cafe with a group of 5 friends. I came into the restaurant with good spirits; I love Italian food and was excited to try a new BYOB in Philadelphia. As soon as we sat down, though, it felt like we were a low priority: one member of our group wasn't given a menu, we had to ask for bread three times before they brought it, and we repeatedly asked for water refills. These inconveniences were annoying, but there are three reasons why I'll never return to Roberto Cafe: (1) A member of our party, who is a vegetarian, tried to order the Penne Amatriciana ("Penne pasta with pancetta, onions, and romano cheese in a lightly spicy marinara sauce") without the pancetta.  When the dish came, it was literally a bowl of penne with marinara sauce. My friend asked where the onions and cheese were, and if the sauce was spicy. Our waiter (presumably the owner) assured us that the onions were inside the tomato sauce (even though we didn't see any onions, even minced onion), then he brought over some red pepper flakes to "make the sauce spicy" and, after more requests, finally some cheese. Upon spooning cheese onto the penne, the waiter made sure to tell me that my gnocchi had cheese on it already, but if I wanted more, he would give me some more. (2) Overall, the food was less than mediocre: the bread basket didn't even have enough bread for everyone at our table (there were six of us, so it shouldn't have been difficult to put six slices of bread in the basket). The portions were also TINY: I left starving (I'm 5"2, 110 lbs, and I had a snack before coming to dinner) and I've never left any restaurant -- much less a restaurant where I load up on carbs -- hungry. (3) The menu prices in the restaurant did not reflect the menu prices listed on the website. I think that this is an extremely dishonest way to conduct business. Finally, when we got our bill, which averaged $16/person (for our bowls of pasta and sauce, which probably cost less than $3 to produce) we saw that there was a predetermined 20% tip built into our bill.  We assumed that there would be a fixed gratuity because we were a party of 6, but we didn't know that it would be 20%. Additionally, and outrageously, the bill was totally illegible and impossible to decipher, and our "tip" was based off of the price AFTER tax. In other words, we ended up tipping on more than 20% of our food bill because our tip was calculated on top of the tax. I go to restaurants to eat food that is better than what I make at home. I also don't like to feel like I'm being taken advantage of, especially when I'm paying for food. Roberto Cafe should be more careful with the way in which it describes its dishes on its menu and in how it calculates its bills -- tip and tax are always calculated independently of one another. If I could give this restaurant zero stars, I would.
