I was very disappointed as I had been looking forward to going here since I saw the place being renovated.  I love the Franklin Steakhouse in Nutley and was excited to have one open closer to where I live.  Sadly, the only thing it seems to have in common with the Nutley location is the name and menu.  It was such a horrible experience here that I will never return. We were there a few nights ago and the place was not even half full at 6:30 on a weekend. That should have been our first clue. Our waitress was nice enough, but it took over 15 minutes to get one appetizer. We ordered the Hotsy Totsy shrimp, which is our favorite from the Nutley location but what we were served was soggy, a pale imitation of the original. After we told our waitress we were done with the appetizer, we waited over half an hour for our entrees - a Cobb Salad with chicken for my wife and a medium rare NY Strip steak for me.  If the restaurant had been crowded, I would have understood the long wait - but the place was half full!  To make matters worse, my steak was overcooked and my wife's salad was pretty pathetic-looking for a Cobb salad.   When my waitress returned with another beer, I told her that my steak was overcooked. She apologized and said, "You wanted it medium rare, right?" I told her yes, but the steak was closer to medium well.  She told me that she'd talk to the manager, then disappeared for almost 10 minutes.  When she came back, she apologized again and said that the manager was busy with something in the kitchen and that he was sorry that the chef overcooked the steak. She then took the steak away. From there, our dining experience went downhill faster than an Olympic skier. 20 minutes later and still no new steak.  Finally, I asked to see the manager. After what had to be another 10 minutes, a short guy stopped at the table.  He didn't even ask what was wrong, just said that he was the manager. As I began to explain the situation, I could tell from the look on this guy's face that he was annoyed just to be there listening.  After I was done explaining, he said something along the lines of, "well, not all chef's cook medium rare the same way." WTF? I couldn't believe he actually said that to me, but I remained calm, agreed with him, and asked if I could have my steak cooked the way I'd like it cooked.  The guy literally shook his head (as if I were the idiot) and walked away.   That was more than enough for me. I asked the waitress for the bill. I deducted the cost of my steak (which I never ate) and my wife's salad (which she hadn't started to eat because I had a problem with my steak).  The total was $46.  I paid the rest of the bill in cash ($44 for 3 beers, 2 glasses of wine, and the appetizer), When the waitress returned, I told her what I was doing, handed her the $44 for the food, gave her $50 for her tip, thanked her for trying, and left.  I've never experienced anything like this before, and I hope I never do again.
