I just recently hosted a bridal shower for my sister at Acacia, and I can't recommend it highly enough for a private event!   We had actually originally planned to host the shower at another local area restaurant, but found out at the last minute that it had been double booked - so we were very fortunate to have been moved to Acacia, especially at the last minute.  Lauren, the owner, was fantastic to work with, and was so accommodating and helpful to me and my family.  We had the entire restaurant to ourselves on a Saturday afternoon, and the space was lovely.  The shower was for 16 people and we set up 3 round tables (though could have easily fit a fourth, or even a fifth), as well as a gift table, an area for games, a table for wine and a table for favors.  Guests had plenty of space to move around and mingle, but it still felt very intimate. As for the food and service, it could not have been better.  Lauren printed us personalized custom menus (photo attached - with a note of congratulations and best wishes to the bride-to-be), and our server was fantastic.  We started with bruschetta for the table which was delicious, followed by individual spring mix salads with a honey balsamic vinaigrette - fresh and yummy.  They also brought out warm bread with olive oil for the table.  Guests had a choice of four options (chicken, salmon, pork or vegetarian), which was a really nice selection.  I had the salmon which was served with a cippolini glaze and buerre blanc sauce, with garlic mashed potatoes and a vegetable mix.  It was delicious, and everyone raved about it.  We brought our own cake for the occasion, but Acacia was kind enough to serve the cake slices with a scoop of their homemade sorbet, which was so refreshing on a hot day, along with coffee and tea.  The restaurant is BYOB, which was nice as well, and made sure our white wine stayed cold and we had plenty of wine glasses available. All in all, it was a fantastic event, and many guests said it was one of the nicest showers they've been to - and the bride-to-be loved it as well.  I would highly recommend booking Acacia for a special event - they made sure every detail was covered, and could not have been more helpful to us.  I'll be recommending it highly to all of my friends and family in the Lawrenceville area, and will definitely be back!
