On the rainiest Sunday night of the year we wandered in to the cold welcome of a maître d' who seemed delighted to greet a somewhat soaked, apologetically reservationless young couple with news that their seating options were limited because he expected torrents of diners.  Diners who would never pour in.  We were shown upstairs, through the kitchen, to a table "overlooking the street," which felt far colder and slightly less attended than a locker for meat. So we opted to dine at the bar tended by Christian.  With his Pacific countenance and combative nature, Christian somehow managed to make the bar feel far icier than the meat-locker upstairs.  He claimed not to have a favorite cocktail.  Candid perhaps, but awkwardly inappropriate nonetheless.  When queried for suggestions and recommendations, he responded with "facts" about the menu.  "People like the short ribs; that's just a fact."  They were fine.  But on the whole the food was unoriginal and uninspired.  And after every round of food or drink, Christian would update our tab and place it in a shot glass in front of our drinks.  He claimed that the ten-month-old practice was necessary in order for the runners to find us at the bar and seemed puzzled at how that such an innovative practice might make diners feel rushed and unwelcome.     The staff was surly, which we surely believed to result from maltreatment by management.  A portly, bespectacled Philip Seymour Hoffman qua Mickey Rourke sort arrived behind the bar midway through our meal, pounded pinkish Bloody Marys and spoke of some impending "first class" trip to Vegas he had booked with miles.  We debated whether he was an oppressive higher up or an oppressed subordinate as his all-black garb obscured any markings of managerial or proprietary standing.  Bless his big soul if that Vegas trip was but a temporary escape from a really bad sitch.... We ended up tipping Christian 20% -- not for his service but to provide a modicum of compensation for his apparent servility.  In response, Christian nary turned his cheek to say goodbye.... But that's exactly what we said to Alta.
