I moved to Parc Rittenhouse August 2007 (so nearly 9 months of experience there).  I don't plan to renew the lease because the management of the building is less than ideal - it looks modern, but the remodelling was down cheaply (walls are paper thin, heating system doesn't work well, mostly cosmetic rennovations).   For the first 8 months or so, it was essentially a construction zone and everything was late (gym, mail boxes).  But the doormen are great and friendly and very helpful. The good things first: * great location * helpful doormen * new apartments, generally good amenities Reasons why I don't plan to renew the lease: * it's not worth the high premium in rent * very noisy: the walls are paper thin and you can hear everything in the hallway, elevators (I am as far away from the elevators as possible) * hot water is yellow when it first comes out of the tap and then becomes clear. i don't know why it does this but i avoid using hot water except for showers.  the management have replaced the water filter system but it seems to still produce the yellow water at least when you first turn it on * heat system is serious problem. they turned on the heat very late (mid-november) and have recently turned off the heat (mid-april) when it is still in the 40s outside (especially at night).  the management of the building decide when to put the heating system into HEAT or COOL mode centrally.  the way the heating system works if that when it is in HEAT mode in the winter, you can only increase the temperature above room temperature. when it is in COOL mode you can only decrease the temperate below whatever the room temperature happens to be.  so for example, right now, it is 60F in the apartment (and people outside are wearing coats because it's in the low 50Fs outside).  since the building management has unilaterially decided to turn off the HEAT, i can only cool the temperature below 60F - which obviously is not particularly helpful if you want it around 74F.  oh, and I should mention that the building management doesn't give you notice of when they turn on or off the heat so get several heaters if you plan on living in the Parc Rittenhouse.
