I can usually be relaxed about what time I have dinner on a Saturday night but that wasn't the case with the folks at Salinas.  They told me when I made the reservation that there was only a 15 minute grace period and the entire party had to be present.  Then they phoned me the day before to confirm the 8:30 reservation, once again noting that our table would be given away if we arrived more than 15 minutes late and all four of us needed to present in order to be seated.  Needless to say we dashed through the streets of Chelsea to ensure an on-time arrival.  Imagine my surprise when we walked through the door at 8:29 PM into a crowded bar area where we were asked to "take a seat and we'll let you know when your table is available."   Huh?  "How long do you think it will be?" I asked and was told "a few moments."  Given that I figured we'd just wait there in the vestibule but then was informed that the host meant it would be "a few moments" before he could tell us how long we would have to wait for our table to be available.  At that point, I mentioned how punctuality had been stressed so much during the reservation process that I assumed it would work both ways.  I didn't want to ruin the evening for my guests so we all did move in and stand by the bar.  No apologies, no offer of a drink on the house.  Just as the magic 15 minute mark approached, when our table would have been given away, he did manage to get us seated. Well, now that I've got that out of the way:  the setting is really beautiful and our waitress was very efficient, despite the full house.  The food was erratic, the short ribs were great, the paella not even in the top 50% of what I've tasted nearby at much less than the $56 cost (for 2) here.  The tapas are OK, not really exceptional.  When I go to Boqueria I can never decide which ones to order; here it seemed like a chore to find three or four to share since none sounded very exciting (and they weren't)  It's a very nice setting, especially the garden in the back, so maybe on another night, when we hadn't rushed out of a cocktail party at a friend's house to get there right on time, it might be a different experience.
