I was at Chhaya this weekend and sampled a number of the dishes and beverages.  I'm not a coffee geek but I think I learned enough over the weekend in conversation with the staff and the people who have seemed to already become regulars to hold my own in conversation.  Chhaya offers a variety of beans and brew styles, from the rare-for-Philadelphia (siphoned coffee - you have to go see it to know) to ones I have never heard of but that were wonderful surprises (South Indian decoction coffee).  I agree with the previous poster - I definitely felt a bit "hopped up" after about two cups of the standard brew, which is my norm.  High caffeine, strong flavor, very smooth if you get the siphoned brew.  The South Indian decoction is sweetened slightly but so well blended that it's less a sweetened coffee and more a flavor of its own.  Highly recommend that for anyone who likes flavored coffee.  Which brings me to one warning: the chef likes to make her own, well, everything, down to the chocolate sauce used on the dessert waffles.  There are no flavor shots from bottled syrups so if that's your thing you might consider the decoction. The coffee is all good but most important to me, as I am a food-lover, is the menu.  The small plates are indeed small but pack powerful flavor and do much for an adventurous palate, even if they, individually, fall short of satiating a rumbling belly.  The first night I started by sampling the Hungarian peppers (roasted, stuffed with feta and served with prosciutto).  They were spicy enough to give you a kick when you first bite, but your tongue is then cooled by the creamy feta inside.  A perfect way to stimulate an appetite.  At the suggestion of a staff member I next tried the eggplant relish, which was a surprise.  It was served cold, somewhat on the sweet side and spiced with something I couldn't put my finger on but we deducted might be an Indian spice.  The flavors were complex and unusual, not your average baba ganoush or the Trader Joes version of eggplant spread (not that I'm knocking either of those).  The peppers and eggplant plates were enough to satisfy me, but if I was especially hungry I might have ordered a third - probably the bacon wrapped cheese.  I'm sure it's a specific cheese meant to be paired with bacon in a specifically delicious way, but I'm not sure that matters to me.  Because it's bacon wrapped cheese.  What more do I need to know. The next morning I tried the eggs benedict waffle.  This, I think, is so far my favorite.  Chhaya has a sweet and a savory batter for the waffles and the eggs benedict is served on a sweet waffle.  The waffle itself is, as a previous poster said, fluffy and right on its own but served with ham the benedict waffle has a wonderful salty-sweet flavor, which is only enhanced by the hollandaise's buttery touch. This is in my eyes a perfect brunch dish.  The following morning I had the chili waffle, which is served on a savory waffle and topped with a poached egg.  The chili is full of flavor, slightly spicy and sports a variety of beans and just enough beef and tomatoes to make it hearty without weighing the waffle down.  The poached egg balances the dish and makes it proper for brunch.  My guess is this one will be a favorite in the fall for the discerning sports fan. I also enjoyed the muffins and scones and, as the previous poster indicated, they are moist and treat-filled.  Great for a grab-and-go.  If you are lucky enough to be there when they are just from the oven the warm berries of the blueberry muffins are outstanding. Chhaya is new and so of course the menu is going grow organically.  V, the proprietor and chef, has said that it will be changing every week.  As it stands now I think Facebook is the best way to keep an eye on the menu, and I will be going back to sample more as they grow and try new things.  It's possible, though, that I'm already addicted to the eggs benedict waffle.   I think I just made myself hungry.
