Went here for the first time for my mothers birthday and we could not have been happier with our dinner and overall experience at blend on the water. To start the ambiance is incredible, nice dim lighting, beautiful decor and a breathtaking view of the Manhattan skyline, perfect to set the mood for a hot date with my mom. But seriously its a great looking place. We were seated immediately upon our arrival about 15 minutes earlier than the time of our reservation which is always a plus. Our server Viviana was very knowledgeable about the menu and able to answer all of our questions about the menu items, which due to my background as a chef and my immense list of allergies was pretty impressive. The drinks were great, in fact so great that I returned to blend on the water a week later to pregame before visiting the z hotel rooftop nearby. My advice is to order one of every appetizer on the menu, seriously, they are all equally delicious, but the crispy arepas with perfectly tender braised short rib and contrasting bright fresh avocado and cilantro will have you wanting to go back on a daily basis. After scarfing down a spread of five appetizers it was hard to imagine consuming another bight of food for the rest of the evening, hard to imagine until the aroma saffron and fresh seafood filled my nose as the seafood paella was presented in front of me, lets just say we didn't take doggie bags home that night because within 15 minutes there wasn't a grain of rice left on my plate, although I couldn't admit it, it was better than my Mom's paella. The manager (I think his name was Lance) came to check on us in the middle of our meal, which I greatly appreciated, because I know from working in many restaurants that managers have a pretty big work load. I told him it was my Mom's birthday and asked if they could bring out dessert with a candle after our meal. Next thing I new Lance himself, our server Viviana and a couple other members of the staff were table side singing happy birthday to my mom, they really made the night special. Not to mention how flavorful the coconut tres leches cake is, which we were miraculously able to demolish just moments after eating a thanksgiving sized meal. Between the great view, the even better food and the impeccable service I am sure that from now on blend on the water will be on my go to list of restaurants for an exceptional dinning experience.
