This place has multiple health & safety  violations. They store prepared food in the trash can. They currently have 3 violations pending in the past 30 days. DONT EAT HERE 11D (General Violations Conditions - Documentation) 04L (Critical Violations - Food Protection) 08A (General Violations Conditions - Vermin/Garbage) 02G (Critical Violations - Food Temperature) 10G (General Violations Conditions - Facility Maintenance) 04K (Critical Violations - Food Protection) 06C (Critical Violations - Personal Hygiene & Other Food Protection) 11D (General Violations Conditions - Documentation) 04L (Critical Violations - Food Protection) 08A (General Violations Conditions - Vermin/Garbage) 02G (Critical Violations - Food Temperature) 10G (General Violations Conditions - Facility Maintenance) 04K (Critical Violations - Food Protection) 06C (Critical Violations - Personal Hygiene & Other Food Protection) 04M (Critical Violations - Food Protection) 08B (General Violations Conditions - Vermin/Garbage) 04L (Critical Violations - Food Protection) 11D (General Violations Conditions - Documentation) 08A (General Violations Conditions - Vermin/Garbage) 06C (Critical Violations - Personal Hygiene & Other Food Protection) Violation descriptions: 02G - Cold food held above 41F (smoked fish above 38F) except during necessary preparation. 04K - Appropriately scaled metal stem-type thermometer not provided or used to evaluate temperatures of potentially hazardous foods during cooking, cooling, reheating and holding. 04L - Evidence of rats or live rats present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. 04M - Evidence of mice or live mice present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. 06C - Food not protected from potential source of contamination during storage, preparation, transportation, display or service. 06E - Sanitized equipment or utensil, including in-use food dispensing utensil, improperly used or stored. 08A - Facility not vermin proof. Harborage or conditions conducive to vermin exist. 08B - Garbage receptacles not provided or inadequate. Garbage storagearea not properly constructed or maintained; grinder or compactor dirty. 08C - Pesticide use not in accordance with label or applicable laws. Prohibited chemical used/stored. Open bait station used. 10A - Toilet facility not maintained and provided with toilet paper, waste receptacle and self-closing door. 10G - Non-food contact surface improperly constructed. Unacceptable material used. Non-food contact surface or equipment improperly maintained. 10K - Immersion basket not provided, used or of incorrect size. Incorrect manual technique. Test kit and thermometer not provided or used. Improper drying practices. 10L - Single service item reused, improperly stored, dispensed; not used when required. 11D - "Choking first aid" poster not posted."Alcohol and pregnancy" warning sign not posted. "Wash hands" sign not posted at hand wash facility. Resuscitation equipment: exhaled air resuscitation masks (adult & pediatric), latex gloves, sign not posted. Inspection report sign not posted. Read more: city-data.com/ny-restaur…
