Cuban Pete's - Sad but true... My family, friends and I were at the receiving end of one of the owner's unstable tirades last night.   I normally wouldn't go out of my way to review a restaurant - good or bad, but after last night's unfortunate experience, I feel that I owe this review as a warning to other unsuspecting customers. My family and I have been going to Cuban Pete's for about 2 years now.  We have always loved the food and atmosphere.  We never minded waiting for a table either.  Over these past two years, we have brought the establishment twelve new customers.  With that said, we never expected to experience what happened last night. We called ahead to find out if we could make a reservation for a party of nine, and were told to just come in.  When we arrived, we were told the wait would be 45 minutes.  No problem.  About a half hour into the wait, my wife observed the arrival of another large party, who was seated immediately with reservations.  My wife spoke to the owner, because she thought he would want to know that some customers were being offered reservations, and others not.   We never would have dreamed up his response. The owner told my wife that we would now have to wait an additional 45 minutes, on top of the half-hour that we had already waited.  With this, he grew progressively more agitated.  He then told his staff, "I don't have to take this shit" and then he told my wife that "she can leave now!" I was waiting outside with others from our party, when my wife came outside and told me about the incident - to which I went inside and respectfully confronted the owner.  I asked him why he was tacking on another 45 minutes to how long we had already waited, and he responded, "yes sir, 45 minutes."  My wife then asked him why he cursed at her disrespectfully, but called me sir.  He replied with, "We don't curse here, we're Christians."  He then told me to call the police (which was never my intention), and shortly thereafter, he threatened to call the police on us!  All of this in front of the other waiting customers.  With this, the situation just degraded too far, and we began walking out.  The owner's last comment to us was, "Go back to Budd Lake".  I was absolutely flabbergasted and tongue-tied.  Not only because I'm not from Budd Lake, but because that shouldn't matter anyway. I noticed on this site (and others) that other customers had experienced the same disrespect as us.  I find it a shame that any customer - whether for many years, or for just one day would be treated in such a way.  It is painfully apparent that the owner's success has gone to his head. Hopefully the owner reads this, and if so, this paragraph is especially for him.  From other reviews, I see that your name is Dominick.  You know what they say, Dominick.  What goes up, must come down.  I hope you aren't too surprised when you end up flat on your face.  It does happen - especially to people like you.  I'll see you then, and I'll just step right over you. My honest review - Good food, fun atmosphere - but be forewarned.  Every customer will be treated differently.  Some can get a reservation, some can't.  No customer should ever question the owner about this because they will have extra waiting time tacked on.  Then they will be cursed out by the owner and told to leave.  This is, of course, because he is a good Christian.  And don't ever tell him you're from Budd Lake!
