I should preface this with saying that I usually don't enjoy Yelp. For many reasons, I've avoided the prospect of rating any of the places I've been to simply because most weren't out of this world or, if the place was that good, why ruin it with overcrowding? However, since the Black Crescent opened, I've had a change of heart, and, along with many other places I will soon review, want to share this place with the rest of New York. The man behind the bar I've noticed from both Booker & Dax and The Beagle, though I believe he's here full time now. Among the myriad bars I've patronized and continue to frequent in the city, this man has always kept my palate on the run, trying to catch up to his craft. Along with having a robust and healthy understanding of the classics, Reynolds can also whip up many variations of these cocktail staples, including his own spins on such favorites as the Old Fashioned (give the five spice Old Fashioned a try), Negroni, etc. So far, my favorites on the menu are the Hempen Halter, The Dinglehopper (made with ginger and cantaloupe granita), and the Elysian Fields. As for food, the chef has whipped up a menu to complement both the cocktails and the insane wine list that you can check out on the other side of the bar. (Did I mention that there was an extensive and somewhat improbable wine selection along with beer parings if you're into neither wine or cocktails at this place? Talk to Carlos). If you're not into smoked pastrami salmon (if you're not, however, then what kind of life choices are you making?), then give the peruvian ceviche, octopus carpaccio, or wide array of oysters a shot. Oh, and then there's the poached cobia with chipotle pepper oil and chorizo peppers cooked to the hardness of croutons. Yeah, I cried too. House punch is always a surprise, as well, because it's always delicious and readily available. The crowd, too, has also been an absolute pleasure. Every time I go, the staff, along with my fellow patrons, are always ready to share and talk, which is honestly one of the best things a bar can offer: great company and a hospitable atmosphere. That said, I look forward to a long relationship with BC.
