We went to Next Door with some friends based on the NJ Monthly review and the review of our friends.  My husband ordered the burger and my friends ordered the burger and the fish special.  The reports were that the burger (which is actually a blend of different cuts of meat) was very good.  The chips were a let down as they seemed to be an attempt at being cheeky and hip.  It kind of fell flat there.   I ordered the Penne with broccoli rabe, white beans and garlic.  Unfortunately, the pasta was undercooked and the broccoli rabe and white beans were overcooked.  As in mashy and mealy.  My husband and friends tried the dish and they agree that it wasn't very good.  I have gone to restaurants before and had the fluke meal and it generally doesn't bother me.  It didn't bother me that night, but the response from the restaurant really soured our experience.  We had a waiter to whom I mentioned that the dish was a little over cooked.  A waitress came to our table later and told me that they are cooking the pasta again, but they all tried it and it was "excellent."  I quickly asked her not to make me a second dish, since I was kind of turned off the dish altogether.  But the waitress argued with me about how perfectly the dish was cooked.  I was fine with letting this one go but her aggressive and defensive attitude made everyone at the table uncomfortable.  Because of the service, we didn't order anything else and a mistakenly over-cooked dish turned into a generally uncomfortable night. In the end, it's a shame.  I think all chefs have off-nights or something goes awry.  In this case, the service truly made our experience terrible.  I don't know why the waitress would feel so passionately if I thought the dish was over cooked or not and why she needed to argue with us about it.  I wasn't asking for a refund or even throwing a big stink.  In the end, the restaurant did remove my dish from our ticket.  Truthfully, though, we won't return.  In Montclair there are more than enough dining options. And good ones at that.  If you have to fight with defensive wait staff over whether you liked your meal or not - just move on.
