This place is the place that inspired me to begin Yelping. If you can't review a place like this, why bother? It's hard to expect great service from a deli, but you got it with Fork & Spoon. I have been there every day of last week after I found this gem in my beloved NYC. Every day I tried something incredibly different. Monday, I tasted the salad bar and buffet of hot foods. The vegetables were fresh and gloriously prepared. The hot foods were simple, yet artful. It was a party in my mouth. Then on Tuesday, I dug into their array of sushi choices. I have to say it was the best soft-shell grab roll I ever had. Yes, at a deli. Wednesday, I tried their udon. Impeccable broth and fresh noodles. Yum~! Thursday, I was tempted to go back to the salad bar, but I figured I'll try their salad station instead. I added a small soup for $1 with my salad, and it was delicious once more, and healthy. Friday, I brought my co-workers, who became instant fans. We had the Fork & Spoon bibimbap. They mix the goodies for you, so you don't have to mix it yourself. My coworker wanted to do it himself, so they gave us one to go with each of the vegetables perfectly layers on top of the rice with beef and fried egg on top. We grabbed some of their specialty cookies on our way out, which I can't even find in my local grocery store. Today, we had to work and eat at our desks, so my coworker (the one who likes to mix his own bibimbap) brought back sandwiches from F&S. He got Harry's Cheesesteak, which I took a few bites of (delicious~!), and I got a roast beef sandwich prepared on a roll I have to say is the best roll I have ever had. I feel like I've eaten at different places specializing in each dish, but to my surprise, it all came from Fork & Spoon. It's unfortunate I have to be working from the office this week, for I love their space. Sitting on the 2nd floor can be fun, but sitting near the window is nice as well, since everyone at F&S is super nice. I plan on having a cheeseburger from them tomorrow. I can't wait to try EVERYTHING they have to offer. I'm sure I'll be eating something different for a long while. So many choices, so many things to look forward to.
