Food:   Very good, decent portion size, prepared well Service:   Attentive, helpful, quick Venue:   Tastefully decorated, large tables, business-casual/evening-casual Value:   Well-priced for Food, Service and Venue The Good:   Food, Service and Ambiance. The Bad(just barely):   Noise level bordered on above-average. This takes away from the quiet, romantic feel that the establishment may be attempting to create. The wife and I decided to do seafood night and try this place out. Walking in, the restaurant was tastefully decorated with nice, dim lighting; white tablecloth, white chairs; a fireplace at the very back - though it wasn't on considering it was 80 degrees outside; and very soft music. The noise level was a bit louder than I had hoped for in a seemingly fine-dining place, but it wasn't too bothersome. There were a couple of tables with large families and that may have had something to do with it. We were immediately seated when we arrived ten minutes before our reservation. We were quickly served water and a bread basket with whitefish sauce. At first I thought this couldn't be any good, but we loved it. It had a creamy consistency and tasted pleasant. Our waiter gave us suggestions and we ordered 3 colossal shrimp ($4.75/each) with cocktail sauce for appetizers. They gave us an extra shrimp complimentary so that we wouldn't fight over the odd shrimp! Our entrees were paced about 5 minutes after we were done with the bread and shrimp. The blackened swordfish ($35) consisted of two thick steaks prepared just right so that they were moist on the inside. It was served with avocado sauce and a twist on tartar sauce. The red snapper ($36) was also prepared to perfection and was a pretty decent sized portion - my wife was unable to finish it. We had grilled asparagus ($9) as a side. These were the biggest asparagus I have ever seen. There were about 8-10 of them and we got through 5. After our meal they let us sit for a good 10 minutes because were having a nice discussion before they approached us for dessert or coffee. We ordered the Mocha Hazelnut Torte ($10) that came with mint chocolate chip ice cream. It was a very large helping and my wife and I together were able to get through only a quarter of it. It's definitely meant to be shared. Overall, a wonderful night out.
