I joined three friends at Alta on a Friday night for girls night out.  The restaurant is unassuming from the outside and blends in with the neighboring brownstones.  However, as you go downstairs through the lower level entrance you enter a warm and inviting environment. I stood at the bar to wait for my friends to arrive.  The bartender was quick and attentive and the red sangria was flavorful but not overpowering.  The bar area is long and narrow and can get crowded but we were seated promptly for a reservation.  We were seated in the lower level in front of the wood-burning fire.  The atmosphere was cozy and I would recommend it for a nice dinner out with friends or a date. The waitress was knowledgeable of the menu (as there are about 50 things to choose from) and she helped recommend a few of her favorite dishes.  We ordered two dishes per person and shared amongst the table and also all shared a few bites of one dessert.  Overall, a very nice ambiance and helpful staff but the food isn't as great as you can get at Pipa. Pulled Pork Empanadas sweet & spicey cilantro dipping sauce - By far the tastiest thing we had.  However, this portion is VERY small, only two bite size empanadas...I think everyone in our group would have ordered this plate again just for themselves Crispy Brussels Sprouts fuji apples, crème fraiche, pistachio nuts - The second favorite hit at our table, who knew bussels sprouts could be so good Fried Goat Cheese - I'm not big on goat cheese but my friends thought it was a hit Avocado Relleno with crabmeat & shrimp - The avocado was fresh, but there wasn't much more to offer in flavors Coca (Catalonian Flatbread) oven roasted mushrooms, fresh ricotta, truffled boschetto - Tasty but very difficult to cut and share amongst the table Paprika-potato Gratin - This didn't do anything for me...if you want a good potato dish, go for the patatas bravas at Pipa Ricotta Parmesan Gnocchi tomato & piquillo pepper sauce, pancetta, pesto - This dish was very bland
