My friends and I were excited to try this place -- great reviews, fun location, plus BYOB. Can't go wrong! We waited about 45 minutes for a table, but, not big deal, it was a Friday night, and we expected that. Once we got inside, the waitress opened our two bottles of red and took our orders. Everyone at the table ordered an appetizer and an entree. The food was good -- nothing to go on and on about, but none of us had trouble finishing our meals. But that's exactly where things went wrong. As we were taking the last few bites of our meals, the waitress took our plates away without asking. One plate she even removed while my friend had her fork in her mouth! Then she gave us our check, which we promptly paid and gave her a nice tip, despite the fact that she was rude. We got it -- Friday night rush, she was ready to go home. Not a big deal. But that's where it got ugly. We were still finishing up a bottle of wine when she asked us to stand in the corner and drink it so she could seat a group of three people waiting outside. It's not that we were unsympathetic -- it's just that after waiting 45 minutes, ordering a ton of food, and still having only been in the restaurant for less than an hour, we wanted to finish up our wine in peace. Plus, we looked around and there were several other tables who were also done with dinner and leisurely drinking/catching up. My friend told the waitress that we would leave when we were done with our drinks, to which she PICKED UP OUR TABLE (which was mortifying, I've never ever had a bad experience like this in a restaurant, much less anywhere else), and moved it about a foot away. She then took our unfinished bottle of wine and walked away with it, saying, "You're done." (Nobody was drunk. Seriously, we had been there less than an hour.) Immediately, the escorted the other group in, who looked embarrassed and uncomfortable since it was clear where their table had come from. They kept apologizing and offered to leave, but at that point, my friends and I just wanted out of there so we went to a bar down the street and bought another round of drinks so we could finish our conversation. I've lived in NYC for 6 years, and I can honestly say I've never had a server behave so poorly. And to think -- we had given her a big tip! I will never go back here.
