I am shaking my head wondering how this place rates 5 stars or anywhere near it. Went there today with my daughter and it was a terrible experience. 1. The place wasn't terribly crowded when we got there but it quickly filled up after we were seated. We ordered focaccia as an appetizer. Focaccia is usually a soft, pillowy specially seasoned bread that one sinks one's teeth into. Instead we were served a flat, partially burnt slab of thin bread that TASTED like focaccia but was hard and crunchy. Hmmm. 2. As the room filled up, we began to see that tables to both the right and left of us had been served while our order was nowhere in sight. FINALLY, the waiter came over and said something like, "It will be just a few more minutes"... but didn't seem particularly apologetic about it.  After SEVERAL minutes, my daughter's pizza came but mine did not.  It took several MORE minutes before my order came out. Mind you, we ordered off of the menu, nothing particularly complicated or specially ordered. 3. The pizza had a nice flavor but the top was burnt just like the focaccia was. I ordered a spinach ricotta pizza which was a disaster. They had scattered some raw spinach leaves on the top which obviously got burned under the flames of their oven. All I smelled was burnt spinach when the pizza came and that's exactly what it tasted like. My daughter had a pizza with fresh cherry tomatoes on it; it was tasty but the sauce was drippy and the crust eventually became pretty soggy. 4. Other than a variety of wines, they serve soft drinks (from very SMALL bottles) but no iced tea. Hello?  There are people who don't care for carbonated beverages and it might be a bit early in the day for alcoholic beverages. Please think about adding iced tea or lemonade to the menu. I noticed that the pizza ordered by the woman at the next table was also burnt on top. It seems to me that Sotto's oven is either too hot or they are cooking the pizzas incorrectly. They are obviously way too close to the flame and should be moved downward by at least an inch, I'd say. The atmosphere is fairly cozy (although noisy, lots of hard surfaces) and well decorated but a hipster vibe is not nearly enough to make up for such shoddy service and lousy food. If you're going to charge $15 for a pizza, it ought to be GREAT.  Will not likely visit this restaurant again nor would I recommend it.  This is Brooklyn; there are tons of places in the borough that make better Neapolitan pizza for a lot less money.
