Catered Affair USED to be a good place to stop in, grab a bite, a sub and get a decent sandwich for your money. I guess everything changes and the economy hits all. Now, creating a sandwich or half a sub at Catered Affair is an art form consisting of how little protein, dairy and vegetable can be spared on a roll or sub, and still qualify as a sandwich. Don't believe me? By all means go there and give it a try. Experience is a great lesson. Order a regular ham and cheese with mayo on a roll or half a sub roll. Pick it up and see if it actually weighs much more than a plain role. Now open it up and see how -2oz (I actually weighed mine) of ham is formed in a tube in the middle of the sub roll, or balled in the center of a hard roll, ..very skillfully. Look how the 2 (yes 2) thin slices of swiss are cut, and broken to evenly cover the sub in a single layer. Then take the 2 oh so thinly sliced tomato pieces and read the paper through them. I didn't weigh the mayo but it just may have weighed more than the other contents combined. This is a joke to the consumers, and I have been going there for over 15 years, trust me I know. I've watched it get worse and worse over time, to the point that it seems they are trying to put almost nothing on a sandwich. I've got no problem spending good money for good food, but get hot under the collar when I've been taken as a sucker, and this  time was the last straw. Or order a regular breakfast sandwich, you'll see the same skill applied to the point where you look after you bite to see if there is anything there at all. Do they really make eggs that small? Can porkroll really be sliced that thinly? If not for 2 slices of bacon tossed on, you may get more out of a buttered roll. Seems they are competing with an egg McMuffin .. and loosing! It never was this way, and their sister store near Franklin has learned the tricks as well. This is what happens I guess when competition disappears. Oh well. One less place to go to. Oh, did I mention the attitude there? .... ah forget it, not worth the bother.
