Pure Fare is such an amazing spot. Why? 1) Its healthy 2) Its innovative 3) The food is amazing! In a city where its quite difficult to find healthy food options, PF is a welcome addition. I have been there about 10 times now and I am very impressed with the how consistently amazing the food is. From the soups (roasted cauliflower!!), to the sandwiches (tandoori chicken!) to the salads (chopped kale!), PF literally has great tasting, healthy options for anyone's palate. PF has proven that with healthy food, one does not have to give up taste. Compared to Cosi, Au Bon Pain (which are both revolting), PF wins hands down. My friends said it was a bit pricey, but after having been to Cosi , DiBrunos, Au Bon Pain, etc, PF is in line with the competition. Plus, they source everything locally (so nothing is processed, etc) - there is a premium in that alone. Another really cool aspect to the PF concept is the "My Fare" platform. Any customer can opt in for free and receive a PF card or key fob in store. You can create a My Fare profile on the Pure Fare website - this provides you with a "health snapshot", a kind of personal dashboard that allows you to get more informed on your health, set individual goals and track what you eat. @ PF, everything you buy is automatically and seamlessly sent your My Fare page where it is broken for you (you can see all the nutritional analysis / breakdown of all your purchases @ PF). They also have a database of over 50,000 foods from other brands and chains. You can take a look for yourself @ purefare.com, but this where I think PF is really innovating. By combining food and technology, PF is creating a completely new type of experience for people and this is part of the reason why I come back so much - I know exactly what I am putting into my body. I was talking to one of the owner and they said that they will definitely be adding more features and goodies to the site. This place is going to be huge.. Great, healthy food & technology = amazing. Cant wait to go back!
