Giving it 1 lone star because the Pork Buns were indeed delicious. However, the following thing were NOT: - 3 HOUR WAIT....for ramen? really? - EXTREMELY LOUD & NOISY. I guess they are trying to go for the "hip" and "cool" vibe but all that noise makes it difficult to have a conversation with the person sitting next to you and even more difficult for the waitress to hear your order. And in turn, you get attitude from the waitress for it and because you can't hear or understand what they're saying either. - OVER PRICED!!! ...uhm, for ramen? really? Last I checked ramen is 99 cents...You are best off googling recipes on how to recreate this at home and won't need to spend $15 for it, get attitude from a random waitress and wait 3 hours. Also, the meat on the ramen is so small that you really are paying $15 for just noodles...if it at least came with a chunk of quality meat I'd say it's worth the price but negative, that's not the case. - MANDATORY TIP. Take caution here if you are a new customer bring cash and fight for your right to pay less than the tip amount if it is undeserved. It used to be that tipping was meant to reward and encourage your server for exemplary service. At Ippudo, it is a way for their staff to provide horrible service and get away with it. - BAD SERVICE: From the minute we put our name on the wait list, the hosts we're trying to be all sassy and smart like we should feel privileged they're writing our names on there...uhm, who lied to them? (must be all these over-hyped yelp reviews).....Then, our waitress was sassy and gave my whole table attitude from the minute we sat down. We were being calm and respectful, I even had to do a double take to see if perhaps we were being bad patrons but nope. First off, she yelled at my friend for wanting to keep her appetizer plate to dip in the sauce yelling " You don't need it" to her when she clearly said "I want to keep the plate". Then, she huff and puffed her way back to the kitchen without saying a word to any of us the whole time. Also, after we told her it's our first time she rolled her eyes and harassed us to place our order without even asking if we had any questions (again it was our first time! If you work there, give guidance to your customers and help them place their orders instead). After much attitude and eye rolling from our waitress she drops our bill with a mandatory tip and TADA now it all makes sense....mandatory tip = BAD SERVICE!   Although we agreed to pay their mandatory tip we had to let the manager know that the service was unacceptable nonetheless. To which this waitress had the nerve to harass us all asking what did we say to her manager? We owe you NO explanations !!! Talk to you manager and ask him...my guess is she's been in trouble for her attitude before given her manager was not surprised at all by our complaint. It was our first and our LAST time there, DONT GO!!! There are so many other better noodles places in the city that are far more affordable and with better service. Also, all the YELP reviews on here only hype the place up more than it really should (which probably explains the 3 hour wait). But it is certainly NOT WORTH IT! You've been cautioned.
