Going to Frankies is like having a good-looking boyfriend that treats you badly. The food is great. The atmosphere inside is lovely and the outside garden is really beautiful. The service has become so incredibly bad that the whole experience is unbearable. We are in the neighborhood, and have been going since they opened. We are the last of our friends to give up on the place, ie they had to work pretty hard to turn us off. The worst offense is really at the door, the current weekend evening host makes you feel like you're putting him out by showing up, even when you beat the crowd. This last Friday, we showed up at 5:30, there was NO ONE there, and the host told us it would be 10-15 min. He said they were "pacing the seating". Which in and of itself would have been fine, if he had said it with a smile, or some hint of sympathy, or little bit of hospitality. But he practically sneered. Once seated, things don't get much better. The waitstaff consistently disappears for unbelievably long periods, whether or not the place is busy, and especially at the end of the meal. I have actually had a (particularly unfriendly) waitress roll her eyes at me when I asked her if we could order after 45 min of just sitting there. I thought to myself that she wouldn't last long, still believing in that Frankies magic. But a year later she continues to be just as unfriendly to me and all the tables around me, and she's at the top of the heap - ie working weekend eve shifts. Who is promoting her? Do they have any sense of the vibe their staff is putting out? Having worked in the gamut of NYC restaurants, I have a pretty good sense of what the waitstaff is responsible for and I'm pretty patient and forgiving. And servers can have a bad day, for sure. (And of course there have been lovely wait and host staff at Frankie's) But the bad service here seems systemic. Either it's a failure of their set-up or a policy. What once felt like laid-back family atmosphere, has been coupled with snootiness - which is a terrible combination.
