I had an awful and extremely disappointing experience last night at Minetta Tavern. I had made a 10:00 reservation (all they had at the time was 5pm or 10pm) three weeks ago for my boyfriend's birthday. I had read such great things about the burger, the drinks, the ambiance so I had to give it a try, even if the reservation was a bit late for a "school" night. So, we went to a nearby bar for drinks to bide some time and then headed over to Minetta around 9. We figured if they had something open, they'd seat us early and if not we'd have a drink at the bar. I walked in and gave our name to the hostess, who scanned the list and told me she had no such reservation. She even made a phone call to the back office - nothing. I told her that I had made the reservation 3 weeks prior. On top of that, I said I had called that morning to see if a slightly earlier time slot had opened up. When the guy on the phone said it hadn't, I said that I would just keep our 10:00. I hadn't even given him my name though so there would be no way for him to have mistakenly canceled it. The hostess basically shrugged her shoulders and said she didn't know what to tell me. She said we could have drinks at the bar and that they could probably seat us in an hour and a half or so, but she couldn't guarantee. She barely apologized for the inconvenience. We decided to leave and head over to Spotted Pig (where we had a fantastic meal with great service, by the way). When I stepped outside of MInetta, I decided I wanted to go back in and give the hostess a piece of my mind -- of course, politely. I went back in while my boyfriend waited out front, and said precisely that, explaining that it was my boyfriend's birthday and it was really disappointing to have made a reservation 3 weeks ago only to be told the reservation did not exist. I asked if there was anything at all she could do, and how the reservation could have just disappeared? The hostess immediately assumed an air of snobbery much more intense than she had exhibited when my boyfriend and I had initially walked in. She said, "I told you that we could seat you in an hour and you said nothanks, that you didn't want to." This is when I got pissed. I said back to her, "No you absolutely did not! If you had said that obviously we would have stayed, because our reservation had been in an hour!" She interrupted me rudely, "You weren't listening to me, I told you we could seat you at the time of your reservation." The woman blatantly lied to my face and made me look like an idiot. I told her she should get her story straight and turned around and left. What a truly disappointing experience. I don't care how good the Black Label Burger is, that place needs to learn how to deal with customers and improve their reservation system.
