I would not recommend going here for dinner. I had the most terrible experience ever! First time for my husband, daughter and I. To start this off there was no host/hostess to sit us. So since all the booths were taken at the moment.  We sat at a table for 6 ( it was only 3 of us). It took the waiter 10 mins to even acknowledge us.  When the waiter  Julie came she had a little attitude. My daughter and I ordered ginger ales and it taste like seltzer water. Let Julie know she took them back to the bar and had the bartender taste it from either my or my daughters cup. As if I was gonna take it back if the bartender thought differently.   Now it really gets interesting.....We ordered fried calamari to start and Julie had the African American bus boy bring it out to us. Guess what the calamari taste like rubber we sent it back with her. Next  here comes our O SO GREASY pizza with the same African American bus boy. Then my husband ordered another ice tea ( i was told no free refills) with Julie. Julie got the ice tea and gave it to another waiter to bring to my husband and she watched her. Through all this My family and I are African American. I noticed that Julie serviced her other tables who were Not African American with a smile. Julie brought their food to their tables and checked on them. My family she did not.I was ready to go we barely touched the pizza. Now I'm FURIOUS!!!!! But Julie manage to bring us our check for $39.55 with a smile. When I asked Julie for a copy of my receipt she had another waiter name Gina hand me my change and copy of the receipt. When I got my receipt because of course I'm gonna have a talk with the manager about how my family and I was treated. I needed her name ( your waiters name is always on the receipt) Julie placed our order under another waiters name Gina. I was not surprised. Before I left I had a talk with Sarah the manager who seemed Sympathetic about the situation. Took my receipt and said she would handle the bill. Then told us have a good weekend. Sarah didn't handle my bill. Sarah told us have a good night, come on Tuesday cause the pizza pies are $5 and it gets busy. Last but not least I was furious and very upset that  I had to deal with this racism in a SUPPOSEDLY FAMILY RESTAURANT atmosphere. I WOULD LOVE TO SPEAK WITH THE OWNER CAUSE THIS WAS A EXPERIENCE I HAVE TO EXPLAIN TO MY 7 YEAR OLD.
