Restaurant is nicely appointed, reminiscent of the original Diamond's in the 'Burg. Just like the original, too, Tommy (an owner) seemed more interested in schmoozing with his favorite guests than in how the dinner service was going. My dinner companion and I were left standing at the door for five minutes, and finally just walked in to find where our friends were seated. Service was poor, it took over 15 minutes to get our drink order, and it came in waves to boot.  We didn't get our salads (the menu is a la carte) until after we were served our dinner, and we had to ask the server for them. After dinner, we had to wait for 20 minutes to see the dessert tray (because it was in use somewhere else).  Finally, we ordered dessert, were served and finished our cappuccinos, then finally dessert was served.  There was no point in asking for more cappuccino since we were convinced it wouldn't arrive until well after dessert was eaten. The only thing that did come with expediency was the check. As for the food, what little there was of it was okay.  The stuffed mushrooms were small button mushrooms that were filled barely to the top rather than stuffed, and the stuffing was mostly filler (bread crumbs, maybe?).  For dinner, I ordered the special: veal with shaved truffles. It should have been called shaved veal with truffles, as the piece of veal on my plate was pounded down to the thickness of a nickel. The filet could not have weighed 3 ounces, yet it covered the space the size of a pancake. The same was true of the chicken in the chicken parm dish one of my dinner mates ordered. Pounded so flat, you could hardly taste the chicken over the cheese and sauce. The other two meals we ordered were hardly memorable, and the tortellini on one plate was luke-warm rather than hot. And finally, the dessert. The creme brulee was quite nice, but the pumpkin cheesecake tasted like it had been stored in the walk-in uncovered. Nothing special or very pumpkin-y or cheese-y about it, except the color. Another dinner mate ordered what was described as chocolate mousse cake, but turned out to be flourless chocolate cake...two very different desserts, and very disappointing to my friend. Needless to say, you can't go back...the original 'Burg Diamonds is gone, and we won't be going back to this one any time soon.
