Husband and I had dinner 1/20/08 at 4pm when the "Shark Bar" section of restaurant opened.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  Noticed nice and comfortable decor.  Server appeared quickly to start our order.  The service was very, very good.  Server was pleasant, friendly and checked back just the right amount times.   The food  was a great disappointment.  The clam chowder was good with a smoky flavor, not a lot of clams and other items and we were served hot rolls right from the oven.  I had some sweet potato fries (which I had not tried before) and they were alright up to the point I was picking a hair off of them just as the server was checking back.  She was far more upset about it then I.  She offered to bring me another fresh serving but I declined as I found them not that tasty.  She ended up taking them off the bill.  My husband and I had a chuckle because she was so upset about the hair and we took it in stride as that type of thing happens and I wasn't going to let it spoil our dinner.  However, it went downhill quickly when we got to the entrees.   I ordered the shrimp and scallop pot pie.  I asked for a description of it beforehand and was told it was a pot pie with the seafood in a white cream sauce.  When I asked about vegetables, the server did tell me there were some peas in it.  It looked good when it arrived steaming hot.  However, it was very, very bad.  The nicely browned crust tasted like the preparer had accidentally dropped a handful of salt on it.  The cream sauce was on the thin side and absolutely bland beyond description.  Even after I added salt, pepper and lemon to it - it was still very bland.  There were about 6 tiny shrimp and 6 button sized tiny scallops and the rest of the pot pie was brimming with (frozen) carrots, large chunks of onion, celery, and peas.  With all the vegetables the sauce still was tasteless.  The tiny shrimp were alright and the tiny scallops were sweet and very tender.   My husband had the crab cake with a side of cole slaw.  He said the crab cake was very unremarkable and the cole slaw so bad he only ate 2 bites.   I think the server sensed we had not enjoyed our meal when she picked up our still full plates.  She did not question us and I was actually  glad because after the hair in the fries, I just did not want to go into our disappointment with the meal - figured we would just press on.   We both had creme brulee for dessert and it was very good.  A couple of cokes, soup, fries, 2 entrees and 2 desserts brought the bill to $66.  We left the server a $20 tip because of her excellent service and not pushing the issue when she probably sensed we did not enjoy the meal.  We really just wanted to go and put this bad dining experience behind us!!! We will not go back.  Hope future diners fare better.
