I got a chance to taste the Chef's food at an event I recently attended in Manhattan. I was thrilled that the restaurants card was in the gift bag and even more excited to learn that the venue was nearby my home.   I met a friend for dinner over the weekend at Yellow Plum.  I loved the fact that I can eat food that would trump Eleven Mad or Le Bernardin and dress casual and be made to feel at home by the friendly staff. I started off by ordering a pint of the Local Garden State Stout while waiting for my friend.  When we were seated our server brought our drinks from the bar over to us and gave us a chance to get situated.  He returned with warm bread from a local bakery accompanied with three dipping bowls -pure castelvetrano olive oil (very rare in the US), -a chickpea spread and -aged balsamic We ordered the PRAWNS & Watermelon salad to start.  What a flavor explosion!  The savory chive rue mixed perfectly with the prawns and the refreshing watermelon sorbet left my palette refreshed so I could enjoy each bite like the first. I had a bite of my friends watermelon salad and again was blown away with the sweet and savory harmony. Next I got the short rib.   This dish gives meaning to the words "SOUL FOOD". The sprouts were seasoned and roasted perfectly.  The sweet potato mash was divine and paired with the perfectly cooked prime cut.  I've never heard of a gooseberry before but its delicious and I'm grateful for the introduction. My friends main course was the Seabass.  At first, I was so pleased with the flavors going on in my plate, that I didn't want to risk disturbing them.  But when he opened the fried-poached egg over the fish, I immediately had to snap a shot on my phone and then had to try it.  I'm not the biggest fan of spinach (or seafood without a shell) so I was surprised that I enjoyed all of the components in this dish.  I managed to get a bit of every item on the plate onto my fork to taste it.  I now understand what the chef means by coining the phrase "Global Infusion" as the genre of his food.   My advice to diners is simple, Trust.  You may look at the menu with picky eyes and you may even make an odd face or two at the combinations but every item has been carefully paired with one another and you will be happy you tried it after! As a luxury goods and affluent lifestyle professional, I'm always in search of the supreme catch in gourmet perfection.  I do my homework and read as many reviews as possible in order to sift through the bogus "I'm unhappy in life so I want to ruin someonxe elses" reviews and find the honest and accurate. I never take the time to write a review.  But after reading one that would sway any diner away from an establishment, from a "critic" who's only good reviews seem to be for the all-you-can-eat $5 buffet/5 cent wings joints in town, I felt the need to make the time. You don't go to a steakhouse for the vegetable medley, do you?   Personally, I'm thrilled that I can enjoy an upscale dining experience that offers a unique menu unlike any other  ( and priced much lower than any fine dining alternative in Montclair).
