A bitter disappointment. I have eaten here with my husband on several occasions and would say Lui Lui is hit or miss. When it's at it's best it is a decent place to relax and enjoy a meal in an inviting atmosphere. Although I have not ever been truly wowed by the food or service,  I return each time hoping the next time will exceed my expectations. When the food is good you can expect yummy, piping hot rolls with a wonderful dipping oil. This rarely disappoints. If you order a drink, expect to wait awhile our beers consistently arrive just prior to the food being served.  My husband ordered a pasta dish and the marinara was incredibly over-salted and we had to send it back. My vegetable chowder was on the luke-warm side, not really very appetizing for a soup. The salad, instead of crisp and cold was also warmish, and the lettuce had a pre-packaged flavor, not something I'd expect in a $12 salad. The cannoli is fabulous, we had a "deconstructed" (my word, not theirs) kind where you dip the deep fried cannoli chips into marscapone and carmel. It was wonderful. Last night we went and again, I remained positive. There were several booths open, but the hostess refused to seat us in one and instead put us at a table. She explained that the waitress in the "booth" section had not showed up. One minute later she was back, and somehow we were able then to sit in a booth. Great. The waitress was friendly and likable. We ordered our drinks, my husband a beer, and I ordered a tea. Waters came, but no drinks. Finally, the beer arrived, but no tea. The waitress scurried off before I was able to remind her. The food finally arrived. The salad was mediocre, but the restaurant's signature dish, the "Lui Lui" was downright awful. The chicken was raw. We sent it back, and GET THIS: instead of giving us a new, properly cooked dish, THEY JUST REHEATED IT! We knew that they did this because we had cut several pieces to test for doneness and the dish came back with the same identical cut in the center pieces of chicken. We were so disgusted with our meal and experience, we didn't bother informing the waitress, we just made a pact never to return again. Shame on you, you should be embarrassed to pull the wool over customers eyes in this way, Lui Lui.
