Looking far less 20,00 Leagues Under the Sea than a Christmas pageant put on by Liberace and Donatella Versace plastic surgeon, Sotto Varalli isn't what I would call "sophisticated" or even "playful" and definitely not worth spending a cent.  From the start, it was a weird experience.  We were sent to find the coatroom ourselves, which was, according to the maitre'd, around the corner and down the hall or something (hasn't this place heard of taking diners' coats for them?).  When the waitress finally paid attention to us and took our drink orders, it was at least 15 minutes until we finally received our drinks and were given the opportunity to order food.  After that, we were left sitting in the little room, in which less than one-fourth of the seats were full, for upwards of half an hour.  The Focaccia was little consolation; it was burnt and ice-cold.  Staff cleared empty tables (the Sunday evening pre-theatre crowd had just left) and avoided our gaze.  I had a hunch there was a problem in the kitchen, but I thought that a waiter would inform us of that fact rather than just ignore us and let us stew.   We had been sitting for over an hour before our soups, salad, and oyster appetizer reached us.  The butternut squash soup, though warm (I'm trying to be positive here), was bland, and I the soggy croutons were an unwelcome touch.  The oysters were fresh enough, though one decent dish didn't do anything to redeem the experience for us.  We didn't stay for the entrees" we asked them to cancel our orders when they finally brought out our appetizers,  so I can't comment on the risotto with sun-dried tomato pesto, chicken, and mushrooms; the seafood risotto; or their chicken dish. It seems that, despite all that happened (or hadn't happened), the most difficult part of the evening was actually paying our abbreviated bill.  It was at least another 15 minutes after we asked for it that it finally arrived.  We didn't ask for anything to be comped, and they certainly didn't offer, but I was a little surprised to see that they wanted us to pay for every dollar of food and wine we consumed in our little excursion there.  While I know very well that times are bad in the restaurant world these days, I think they could have done something.  The only bone they threw us the entire time we were there was bringing us a basket of warm bread, but that was only after our appetizers had come out.  Perhaps they felt that we and, maybe, the restaurant, were a lost cause.   To end the experience, the maitre'd started to apologize for the wait, blaming it on a cook who "walked out at a very inopportune time."  But when one of my party informed him that if they had just told us there was kitchen trouble, we would have been far more understanding we just hated being ignored, especially for what we were paying," he defensively shot back "How would I know?  I'm not the chef."  Rather than feel bad for him, though a maitre'd who can't control his restaurant is a sad sight under any circumstances, I found it much easier to vow never to return to this place.  That decision may soon be much easier to uphold; an establishment that ignores and then insults its customers may not be long for this world, especially in this economy.  It's a rough era for the restaurant business, and a place that looks to be irretrievably stuck in a garish, gaudy time warp seems out of step with the times (tinsel strung over a glass-encased waterfall?  It's not even kitsch, it's just lame).
