My affections for this as-of-yet overlooked gem in Tribeca grow with each visit. Zutto is a charmingly homey space with food that is more than good, surprisingly good even, depending on how familiar you are with the state of ramen in the USA, and new food in NYC. The food is beyond Japanese. On special you may find French classics such as salmon with cherry sauce, or new creations such as a Colorado rack of lamb with 36-hour roasted beets. There have been skate fish, sea bass, steak frites, spicy papaya salads.. There was even a tasting menu(!) one night when I visited. So.. expect a diverse menu with a few surprises. Then there are the Zutto staples; sushi, buns and ramen. The sushi is fresh and flavorful, with many fish and cuts available, all well-presented. The steamed buns are addictive. Kobe, short ribs, pork belly.... the decision between these three begins most visits for me. And while, surely, this place is more than a ramen house, the ramen itself is delicious and simply better than Ippudo (and therefore the best in the city). I mean, don't walk in expecting that Hokkaido special with pads of butter and corn and snow crab you had while touring Japan, or your Tokyo train station booth staples, but the approach to ramen here is rooted in quality ingredients and umami-rich flavors (ask the staff to explain to you further, they can offer thorough breakdowns of the merits of their soups). The spicy miso and parma karma remain my favorites, but they're all good. The deserts are all original and prepared in-house. There was a root beer float last night that kind of blew me away, but the bread pudding and mochi tempura are also great. There is a focus on quality ingredients and food here across the board. The chef is undeniably talented and ambitious, and he's finding his stride with this restaurant, making sure that you can't go wrong regardless of what you order. It's quite reminiscent in this respect of the original Blue Ribbon. I should also mention the service. You're likely to be served by either a tall/dark/handsome Midwestern dreamboat, or one of a few cute girls. All are disarmingly personable and really seem to genuinely care about the food and the customer's experience there. The raw, unchecked charm of this place is something people yearn for, especially in New York. Well, here it is. Eating should make you feel good, and doing so at Zutto will provide just that.
