This place was recommended to us by a friend who know I'd be with a large group of people at Sleep No More.  It was about a 15 minute walk away from the theater (and half of it we could do via the High Line so, bonus).  Being a Saturday night, the place was very busy, but our large party of 8 was easily seated at the ping pong-style table in the lower level. There was plenty of room to move around--which you don't always get in NYC restaurants--and this Midwesterner never once felt claustrophobic. We ordered a bunch of dishes and ate family style. Potato Chip Nachos: Decadent and a great balance of flavors and textures. I could have eaten the whole portion myself. Duck breast: The general consensus is that it was the best anyone at the table had ever had.  My husband couldn't stop raving about it and he normally dislikes duck Bone marrow: I'm not as adventurous as my party, but they loved it.  The only thing that wasn't shared at the table was a the bone marrow burger.  The person who ordered it took one bite and promptly refused to share the love with anyone else. Roasted vegetable and goat cheese terrine: Delicious, smokey and earthy--the perfect complement with baguette and great if you're looking for something a little lighter. Rabbit croquettes: Most of the people at our table (including myself) hadn't eaten rabbit before, but would definitely get these again. Not gamey at all--which is usually what I'd heard about rabbit. Bacon infused whiskey: It's delicious, but to be fair, it tastes more like bourbon than whiskey. Not a problem for me since I'm not really a whiskey fan. Bacon ice cream: You must try this.  Half of the table loved it, the other half didn't.  I thought it was phenomenal.  It's kind of like salted caramel ice cream but with bacon flavoring. Bar drinks: Besides the aforementioned whiskey, there's a fabulous wine menu and a lot of great craft beers to choose from.  Something for everyone! The service was great (even on a busy Saturday night), the food was great and I'm looking forward to going back for more.
