In my opinion, you have to travel to NYC or Philly to get better sushi.  We live right next door and have been coming to Masa for a few years now on a regular basis (almost every week for the last 1.5 years).  It's a small quaint place with a nice decor as such.  I've heard it before from other people that they weren't enamored with the music selection but to be honest it's never bothered me (perhaps I'm just really good at tuning it out).  It's a BYOB restaurant which I love since it lets us bring our own good bottles of wine without a ridiculous markup. The service is excellent and usually fairly fast if they're not swamped. Their sushi, sashimi and rolls never disappoint.  Nowadays we always get the Omakase, which is the chef's choice of an appetizer, sushi/sashimi platter and a roll per person for $30 ea.  It's definitely the best deal all around and a great way to try a variety of things on the menu.   It's also a great way to get to try out new things they are experimenting with (or perhaps that's just because we're regulars).  We've pretty much tried everything on their sushi menu so I'm just going to list a few of the things that especially stand out. For appetizers some of our favorites are: - fancy fluke : pieces of fluke on top of a thinly sliced and tempura fried sweet potato with soba leaf, pepper and yuzu sauce - masa salad: this is kind of a ceviche with pieces of tuna, salmon, octopus and other fish as well as with feta cheese and cilantro - salmon pieces with extremely thin slices of red onion and jalapeno in a citrusy sauce (possibly yuzu) - black sesame crusted tuna pieces with mango slices and a mango sauce - fried calamari: absolutely amazing fried calamari pieces with a sweet sauce - lightly cooked pieces of tuna with asparagus spears and a great slightly sweet sauce The sushi/sashimi here is exquisite.  The chef obviously knows how to cut and prepare it and most importantly the correct parts of the fish to use.  You DO get sashimi grade fish when u order sahimi unlike many other sushi restaurants.  Most of the sashimi pieces here literally melt in your mouth (and the others weren't supposed to).  All the fish is great, but if you've never tried it, do yourself a favor and make sure to get some white tune sashimi if they have it.  It's the most buttery, melt in your mouth umami morsel. Their rolls are also some of the best I've had.  The thing I really like about most of the rolls they've created is that they really try to create a balance of flavors and textures.  Some of our favorites: - lemon salmon roll: this is a fabulous roll with spicy salmon inside and salmon pieces on the outside, and super thing slices of lemon on top and jalapeno tobiko. An amazing burst of salmon and lemon goodness in your mouth - try-me roll: fried oyster inside with mango and soba leaf and then different fish layered on top.  I love this roll because of the balance of flavors and textures.  From the crunchy and succulent oyster to the minty soba and sweet mango and the luscious fish and the mild jalapeno sauce it just takes you through almost all the tastes and textures your mouth can experience.  I think out of the dozens of times I've had this roll only once or twice was the oyster not done right, but I enjoyed the roll then anyway - Masa roll: spicy tuna/salmon on the inside and lobster salad on the outside.  A more creamy roll with a very good lobster taste.  Seafood burst in every bite - Eggplant sandwich: this is actually a roll but they used eggplant instead of the rice and layer it with fish.  I really enjoyed this the few times I had it.  It's a different feeling than the regular rice roll but very good. You really can't go wrong with any of the items.  These are just some of the food items that stood out in my mind but I've enjoyed them all.  I do have to say that we've enjoyed the sushi items so much that we've actually never tried their cooked entrees.  So I cannot comment on those. To top it all off have some red-bean fried ice-cream.  Unfortunately it's clearly not made in house but it's good either way.  If you want something made in house have the banana tempura it's also good. I really recommend you dine in as I feel sushi tends to lose a little something when doing takeout.  Perhaps it's just the extra time sitting in a foil container or just my imagination but I feel it's better in the restaurant. (not that takeout is not good, but I feel I can tell the difference) Just writing this makes me crave Masa.  Guess we're going over for dinner!
