We won't be back! Let me start off by saying I have never written a review before. As a business owner myself, I feel that some places get an unfair "rap" with sites like this, but I felt compelled for the first time to write one after what we (my wife and I) found out. As a life long "Stavener", I have been going to The RIb House for years. Mostly take out&the bar, occasionally being waited on at a table.This place is a staple (or eye sore) in EH. For the most part the food has been consistent. You pretty much know what you were going to get when you go there and you would always walk out stuffed and/or drunk.  Same staff/family for as long as I can remember, many of them which I know from growing up here. Seemed  the waitstaff had a lot of hostility towards each other, based upon the gossip that could be over heard though. Someone was always complaining. Not so much with the bar staff. They seemed to do their own thing. The bartenders have all been great through the MANY years. After I got married, I didn't go in as much. I'd stop in on my way home for take out, which always seemed expensive to me. It wasn't till recently that I realized  they were charging an extra $0.30 or $0.40 (don't know the exact amount) for EVERY item ordered. I am far from cheap, but I have never seen a "take out charge" anywhere, or maybe I just haven't noticed it. Either way, not that big of a deal I guess, but it is something people should be aware of if you are ordering take out/to go. My wife, (not from EH) wanted to experience the RH about two or so years ago. She thought it was some roadside biker bar. It was happy because she usually has me take her to the more "fine dining" establishments. We went in on a Saturday and there was an attractive blonde girl behind the bar. I was nervous because my wife never likes other women, never mind someone that is attractive. To my shock my wife loved the bartender. She ended up being very humble and funny and man could she manage a difficult and demanding crowd. We loved sitting there watching her make drink after drink wondering how she kept track. Anyway,  It ended up being the place my wife wanted to go when we did get a night out, over to see "her Chris" (who ended up coming up with a new drink for her every time we went in, which I enjoyed too because as I said before, the food was consistent (average)). Also, I have to say, her friends&customers that came in to see her were so amusing. We had so many belly laughs there on many occasions. Fast  forward to a few months ago... The RH must have been getting desperate or fancy because they got a "new manager". Instantly, you could see she was rubbing everyone the wrong way. She was trying way too hard with the customers &snobbish to the bartender. My wife made a comment to me that day, something to the effect that "She has it out for her...watch". I just figured it was some woman thing and thought nothing of it even though we did witness the attitude. It wasn't till I stopped in again one night just for a quick beer on my way home that I witnessed it for myself. That manager, who I ended up recognizing (and knowing from EH) after seeing her for a second time, was being so ridiculous and unprofessional, not even conscious that I was a customer in the other room. I ended up leaving, before I ended up getting involved myself, which now I regret not doing. My wife and I stopped in the other day to see "our girl". We were told  that manager "got rid" of her. WHAT?? Are you insane!  SHAME ON THE OWNERS OF THE RH!! (and yes, I know them well too You let the most personable, honest and hard working employee of yours go? The one that actually brought in customers? That brought me back in after not frequenting that place for years?She was always saying "I love where I work". Even if a customer didn't tip well she still smiled&said thank you. That place was PACKED on Halloween,a Mon. night, because she threw a Halloween party. That brought you business!! Do you really think anyone would have been there on a Halloween Monday?? This is just one example, because I could go on and on about how disgusting your lack of judgement was/is. You get in this "manager" who has quite the reputation (not favorable at all),whose credibility is shot&then poof, the employee that brought you business is gone?My wife was SO right! Trust me, I would hire this girl in a heart beat if my business was something in this industry. We just can't believe it. I can tell you right now, you rubbed everyone the wrong way with this move RH. My wife&I will NEVER be back nor will our friends or family. This is supposed to be a family run establishment, a place you feel comfortable. For the owners to allow this treatment of their employees (we heard some kitchen staff too) is disgusting.And BTW what is with all your Italian specials? You lost all direction!If i wanted Italian I'd go to Wooster St.or my parent's house. The RH is for ribs, etc.not Italian food. BIG MISTAKE!!
