Sofia Wine Bar and Café is an aphrodisiac tucked into Midtown uniformity. You may visit 242 E. 50 St. for Italian Cuisine but you pay premium for ambiance and wine. Sofia Wine Bar and Café seduces you before you even enter. As you stroll down 50 st. looking at a slew of generic buildings, it immediately breaks through the repetition. With floor length windows that allow the carefully selected music to seep out and highlight the intimate brick décor, the restaurant beckons for you to enter.  The come hither vibe immediately convinces both my friend and me to come hither. The cozy space that initially draws you into the restaurant can transform to slightly overwhelming as cozy starts to mean cramped.  As this first impression is starting to shift from seduction to annoyance, the server assures us that only two couples who are both on romantic dates are in front of us.  The assurance, thankfully, proves correct allowing us to get seats within ten minutes of arrival.  The restaurant's taut arrangement of tables and chairs commands intimacy.   To help customers somewhat uncomfortable with intimacy, the bar highlights its extensive, somewhat expensive, and diverse list of wines.  A mid priced bottle of Pinot Noir complements the dim lighting, wood chairs, and the breeze that sifts through the giant windows of the restaurant.   To complement the clean and crisp Pinot Noir, we pair it with an appetizer of meat and cheese as well as spinach artichoke dip. The spinach artichoke dip has a distinctive burst of flavor that causes it to immediately distinguish itself from a standard spinach artichoke dip.  Ironically, a wine bar that should have a degree of focus in pairing food that complements the taste buds pairs the unique artichoke dip with such tough bread that you have a sense of accomplishment when your teeth manage to gnaw their way through it. While the spinach artichoke dip and the bread that accompanies it both stand out, for good and bad reasons, the meat and cheese does not. The meat and cheese is, well, meat and cheese. Remarkable in how unremarkable it is. As if knowing that the ambiance needs a perfect balance, the server seems to have an innate sense of when to come over and assist and when to back off and let us enjoy.  His subtle and timely method of serving only accentuates the ambiance of the décor and the wine. While serving us in a timely manner, we decide to switch from Pinot Noir to a higher priced Syrah.  Again, Sofia Wine Bar and Café accentuates its strengths by delivering a smooth Syrah. To complement the syrah, we pair it with a traditional Italian Margherita pizza. Precisely baked with a precise amount of ingredients the Margherita does complement the Syrah but its precision could not compare to the taste, flavor, and smoothness of the Syrah. While the main dish is a work of science, the wine is art. The wine perfectly complements the brick wall décor, the music, the lighting and the intimacy of the space.  Sofia Wine Bar and Café can easily seduce you, but know that you are paying for the space and the wine, not the food.
