I do like this place, and have very little that is not positive to say about it.  The food for the most part is excellent, & the wine is a great deal.  I usually get the Calamari Fritti; which is the best fried calamari I have ever had, & the incredible Osso Buco.  The olives & breads are fantastic, the deserts... awesome!  My only complaint is their pasta.  I don't think they do pasta in a truly memorable fashion.  It's ok, but it leaves me short of... Wow!  It's the reason I don't hang a fifth star here.  The wines are great.  You can always find a $25 bottle to pair very nicely with your meal.  What a deal for Manhattan. As in my other NYC reviews, parking is ok as far as NYC is concerned.  Street parking is brutal, but plenty of garages close to your meal.  Public transportation is a short walk from the A,C, or E lines (Off of 50th ST or 42nd ST stops).  Taxis are always cruising by as you are right in Hell's Kitchen just outside the heart of the Theater District. The restaurant has many feels to it.  Not crazy about the front entry dining room, as it is really too busy, too bright, and the traffic is non-stop; as this is a very popular place!  The upstairs has a great Manhattan feel & it is great for even a bit larger crowd.  I have had several business dinners here and I like being upstairs.  The bar area is congested, but manageable.  Eating in there is also crowded, but you understand you are really in a pub.  If you are going for a dining room, hold out for it.  But, if you don't mind that more casual atmosphere, it has a cool rustic feel to it. This is tremendous NYC value in my book.  The food is on the whole very good, and not overpriced.  They offer specials that are convenient, and I can say with certainty you leave full, & not feeling ripped off.  Again, the wine prices per bottle are the way to go. I like the service here.  A hard working group always.  I enjoy that most everyone has a wonderful Italian accent; it adds a great charm.  I have found the Becco staff to go out of the way to be creative in order to let you have a very pleasurable dining experience. I Give Becco a B
