First of all I have to say that some of the comments on this reviews are completely out of line and not true!!! As we say to each its own! And this restaurant would make no different on that. Some of us like it and some us don't for whatever that reason that might be for you! Second of all, most of these reviews are from women and the WAITRESSES are women, obviously, therefore women will always be catty no matter what! I've been to this place countless of time and I have to say it is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!! Some things are better than other but for the most part it's whatever you like best. And for those people that complain that the food is unhealthy... Have you ever heard that flour is healthy?? Ummm I don't think so! Everyone loves arepas so I don't why some of you go and then complain about it to say that it is unhealthy! Everything on the menu is delicious.. For those  veggie lovers I recommend the veggie stew or the Miss Venezuela arepa and you can always request whatever you want on anything, they will accommodate for you. For all meat lovers, the Dona Barbara platter is the way to go... I mean it has every kind of meat you can ever dream for on the plate! As for drinks go, the sangria is probably your best bet! However, the traditional drink is the #1 drink in that spot and they can always adjust it for you if its too sweet or too strong. YOU JUST HAVE TO ASK! As for the place and the service go, I think it's pretty obvious for most of us that the place is small, so if you're going to go to this place and then trash it because you're ass doesn't fit on the chair well enough, then maybe you should start hitting the gym and get in better shape! Or how about you be a better customer and custom yourself to the place itself... As for the staff goes, they are all very sweet, and kind and will treat you as you come across, you can't go there with an attitude and expect to be treated like royalty.. They are NOT your slaves! The waiter is extremely funny and very sweet and as for the two girls go they're very laid back, funny, and enjoyable to have a conversation with... BTW one of them will be competing at Miss USA next spring.. hint, hint: long hair! Overall, this is a great place to go hang out with your friends or a cute date and have a good time and eat delicious Venezuelan food! PS, Dayana Mendoza (Miss universe 2008) and Johan Santana from the Mets are always eating there!
