At it's core, Penelope is a neighborhood diner.  I have been here for both brunch - where, on my first try, my friend and I lucked out and didn't have to wait at all since there were no other parties of two waiting in the crowd outside (sorry group brunchers, sometimes it's better to leave the entourage behind!) - and dinner. I've always had really good service here, even when it's hopping - waiters are friendly, busboys are quick to remove plates/utensils, and my water glass is always refilled appropriately.  Yet none of this attention is intrusive or overdone.  Surprising. They do a solid brunch.  The French fries that come with most mains are addictive.  Golden and crunchy on the outside and soft inside.  I tried stealing a few off my pal's plate and nearly lost a finger to his fork.  All the egg dishes are tasty and cooked to your preference.  However, I have yet to find a place that knows how to do eggs "over medium" to my liking (i.e. the whites are solid and the yolks just to the very point of not being runny.  Yum.) Dinner here is fine, except would it kill them to turn the lights up a little?  My eyes are young and healthy, but when I have to lift a tea candle to my menu to read it, that's a sign it's time to invest in a higher wattage bulb.   Actually, my main problem with dinner here is that the atmosphere seems to aspire to "dark, cozy bistro with quiet conversation and candlelight" when truly it's a nice diner dinner in a really dark room with a lot of loud people (me included). The dinner and lunch menu here are pretty much the same.  The same addictive French fries that come with brunch also come with some of the dinner dishes.  Their chicken meatballs are very good - moist, maybe a little too moist, but flavorful and won't leave you feeling too full.  The pesto mayo is herby, fatty and delicious, but I usually ask for it on the side because they slather on a lot - and because I'm such a girl. I feel compelled to warn you about the cinnamon buns.  WORST CINNAMON BUN EVER.  It was very dry and the sugary glaze on top cracked and fell to the plate in bits when I cut into it.  That ain't right.  It looked and tasted like it had been left over from the day before.  Just gross.
