After reading the reviews on here, I was so excited to go here Tuesday night!! However, my excitement was quickly extinguished... We were a party of 9 celebrating my aunt's birthday.  She called ahead and confirmed that though they don't accept reservations, that we would be ok.  Well, we get there and apparently the partner who took my aunt's call did not tell the partner on duty and, so, we waited an hour.  No problem.  The problems really began after.. we were a big group (with big appetites) so we ordered 3 hummus, 3 baba gannouj, and 2 felafels to split as apps.  I had read on here how amazing the homemade pitas were, so we asked how many pitas came with each dip so that we would have enough for everyone.  We were more than willing to order extras - as I said, we're big eaters.  The answer:  NONE.  No pitas.  No pitas come with the dips.  At $5.95 a dish ($10 for the felafels), you don't get a pita....apparently, you dip your finger in the hummus and lick it up... You want a pita? $0.95 each.... We questioned this.  Not for nothing, but that's ridiculous.  The only answer we got was "Well, they're homemade."  Soooooo that's YOUR choice.  It's a gimmick.  Had we not asked would we be making hummus pops on our spoons??? My mother ordered a sandwich - is the pita it should come on extra? That makes ZERO sense.  And the pitas - warm and fluffy when they arrive are cold, hard and reminiscent of a saltine cracker in seconds.  The prices vs. the serving size overall was disproportionate.  This was mentioned in other reviews too.  I got the mixed grill - $18.50.  It included 4 charred pieces dry chicken, 5 burnt on the outside-RAW on the inside lamb meatballs, and a baaaahhhhhing lamb chop (I like my lamb on the rare side, but this was overboard).  My husband and my mom, who ordered sandwiches, got just that... a sandwich in waxed paper.  Not even a sprig of parsley on the dish.  One last thing to mention, there's a sign that reads, "Uncle Moustache is a slow eating establishment."  Translation:  be prepared to wait A LONG TIME for your food...even for DIPS that are probably pre-made! Here's the thing, the baba gannouj was, hands-down, the best I ever had.  However, will that be what gets me back? Absolutely not.
