I was down from Boston visiting friends in Philly and we went to Parc on two separate occasions over the weekend.  The first was a late dinner/dessert on Friday night.  I had a sandwich on the train and wasn't too hungry, so I ordered the beet salad with greens and roquefort cheese.  I asked to sub goat cheese for the roquefort (too strong!) and the waitress was perfectly happy to accomodate me (no nasty looks).  My friends got French onion soup (looked AMAZING with an insane amount of bubbling cheese), cheeseburger, and macaroni gratin.  We also got the house white wine carafe which was just about a glass each of the 4 of us.  We split two desserts: the apple tart which was HEAVENLY though I don't usually go crazy over fruit desserts and the profiteroles.  Profiteroles were great because they were four tiny bites (perfect for our group).  I'm not usually a profiterole fan (I don't get the puff pastry thing), but the dark (bittersweet?) chocolate sauce they drizzle is excellent. Next was Sunday brunch.  Another comment on their excellent service: our group of 4 was seated at a table where the floor was markedly warped (we're talking huge bump) and it was really uncomfortable to sit there (where to place the chairs, the table, etc.).  We asked our server if we could change tables (the restaurant wasn't busy yet at 10:30 am) and thinking he would sneer at us, he checked out the floor and totally agreed that it would be awkward to sit there and moved us promptly.  Our server also suggested the pastry basket: one butter croissant, one chocolate croissant, one blueberry muffin, and one raspberry danish, which we all divied up.  It was great!  The only complaint I had was we didn't also get their complementary bread basket (which is really good as well) and I saw another table get both so I was bummed (hey, I like bread, okay?).  Our brunches were only mediocre in my opinion though.  I ordered the croque madame which is (I didn't know) a fried egg, ham, and mornay sauce (a tangy cream sauce) on a piece of brioche.  They drowned the thing in mornay (maybe I just don't love creamy sauces) but the ham was excellent.  Hoping for breakfast potatoes or a more interesting side, all I got was greens again (I do realize that this review is totally making me sound like a fatty, but fine, I like to eat!).  My friends who ordered the omelette got only greens as well. In sum - excellent pastries/desserts (typical of a French bistro) and excellent service (maybe NOT typical of a French bistro) but only so/so other items.  Would like to come back for a full dinner and re-evaluate.
