LOVE their coffee.  I get coffee here all the time.  Iced, hot, doesn't matter it's always great!  This is a small place and their selection isn't huge but the food is all FRESH.  the bread in their paninis is FRESH.  Their cheese plates are great.  I mean really it's just a great place to get your food from.  And in my opinion its the only place in the area to get coffees, latte's and cappicinos from.  Considering it's not really a coffee place the servers do a great job of making you a coffee drink you'd expect from a barista.  From the taste of their coffee, it seems that their beans are freshly ground, but I never hear a coffee grinder running so I'm guessing maybe they grind their coffee every few hours or so?  Not sure.  All I know is that I never get a stale tasting cup of coffee from these people.  I usually get a coffee drink, but one time last year I asked for just a regular cup of coffee and one of the servers told me straight out- "We have coffee ready right now, but it's near the bottom of the pot so I'm about to make a fresh new pot.  You can have that instead if you're willing to wait a bit while I prepare it"  Whoah!  Now here's some people who understand the difference between just coffee and FRESH coffee.   It was great that he gave me the option between having a cup right now if i needed that or waiting a bit for a fresh pot.  Most places would've just served whatever they had and not really ask you.  I decided to wait since I wasn't in a hurry.  I really LOVE this place. The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is all the pork they serve.  I think that 90% of their meat foods is pork.  They are yummy, but I can't come here with any of my jewish or muslim friends.  Even though my friends aren't really what you'd call religious people, they often do shy away from pork.  There are suddenly very few options if you're with a friend who doesn't eat pig. I really hope they add just a few more beef and chicken sandwiches.  Otherwise it's just fabulous.
