We'd recently read about the opening of this restaurant, and that reminded us of earlier reviews of the owner/chefs that we hadn't gotten around to checking out.  Soooo - late reservations were made following the theater last night.  it was a WOW, many surprises, and we'll definitely go back.   one surprise was that it was restaurant week!  who knew?  seemed like the best way to go to do some serious sampling of small plates.  glad we did.  but we couldn't leave well enough alone and added a few of our own...soooooo full!  couldn't finish desert, but our wait staff broke the two dishes up to eat there what we couldn't take home (amazing ice cream w/ goats milk i think, and soft goat cheese over marcona almond crumble and honey and crumble on top w/ rosemary short bread cookies - can you say omg?) - we ended up w/ leftovers that were enjoyed today! the altramuses plate - wonderful way to start.  mejool dates, 2 salads (one too light on the salt cod) were refreshing and very different.  the crispy pig tail was simply amazing.  one of our 'add on's' was the anchovie dish on toast - for a simple bite, you can split 4 ways, but we relished it between two.  mussels escabeche were delightful and original, and delishious - served in an achovie like tin, with this wild edible deep charcoal black mussell 'shell'.  pork liver pate was delish, with a sweet side (currants steeped in sherry) and savory (grainy mustard sauce).  the pumpkin croquetas may be my favorite - the flavors and textures mixed and layered and soooo good.  the crispy rice was pure comfort food (and one of the leftovers that made scrambled egges w/ crispy rice and veggies something to wake up for!).  the manilla clams were intensly flavored and too salty for my taste. then there were these sauted green peppers w/ salt - my partnered devoured them! we also enjoyed the flight of sherries - and i'm open to trying more.  basic cocktails were all a bit unique, and i tried a glass of vermouth w/ a twist and big ole ice cube - really wonderful, but more for after dinner than during.  drinks overall reasonably priced. atmosphere is much smaller than i thought it would be, red and dark, tables a bit too close, and be careful if you're an ample sized individual!  bar is front and center and takes up a good bit of the space - with folks floating in and out for a bite and a draft.  music was tolerable - not too loud, recognizable.  many dates, and friends, and singles.  age ranged from mostly young urban to older raconteurs.  our wait staff was a bit over grateful - if she said thank you in response to my thank you one more time i was going to say something, but she was so sweet!   we have more than half the menu to try, and i'm sure will repeat some favorites.  there was no rush, and after 3 hours of dining i was impressed. Do yourself a favor and go.  and don't have expectations.  i read a few reviews where the search for an 'authentic spanish tappas bar' was a disappointment.  it doesn't need to be.  ya ain't in spain sweetheart.  so enjoy - it's delish.
