My friends had been really excited to try this place and as they're Astoria foodies, we figured we were  in for a real treat. We get there and the decor is fantastic - very vintage, I complimented our waiter on the table we were sitting at. The food sounded delicious and I was impressed at the vegetarian options on the menu that had clearly been thought up to appeal to broader clients. Then it got weird. My friend asked if the omelettes could be made with egg whites. She was very polite and said if not, that was fine too. To this question the waiter said 'yes' but then we heard a muffled 'no!!' behind him. 5 minutes later the owner comes out and says this is an impossible request in a very clipped tone and asks why this is such an issue. My friend said it wasn't and all was fine. Or so we thought. 5 minutes later the owner comes back and says that due to our rudeness she was comping our meal because she did not even want to touch our money. We were completely confused as to what we were rude about - every single person at the table had been a waiter or waitress previously and we were nothing but amiable, we thought. Finally we got it out of her - when my friends arrived at the restaurant early, the staff was trying to figure out what music to play and how loudly to play it and so there was a lot of shuffling in the songs and turning on and off the music. My friend joked that perhaps they did not want to play music for just two ppl as they were the only ones there. According to the owner this comment irreparibly demeaned her in front of her staff, that we had made fun of her struggle with a new restaurant, and that the thought of taking our money after this sickened her. We tried to explain it was just a joke - she would have none of it. So we ate our begrudged free meal and tried to ignore the hostile looks as she sat 3 stools away glaring at us. The food was fairly good except that my friend is a vegetarian and her omelette came with ham after she asked for it not to. She was so traumatized by her misunderstood joke that she did not feel she could complain and so ate around the ham as best she could. In the end we left a 33% tip for the waiter for having to deal with this issue that we apparently caused because it was not his fault (again, we've all been there). The owner flew out of the restaurant at us, threw this money on the ground, and told us we'd further insulted her by insinuating that she does  not take care of her staff. OMG! So in all adorable place that we were prepared to love, the food was fine and reasonably placed, but the owner seems really insane to me and I can't imagine ever going back there again. If you go there - don't crack a single joke. She will interpret it as you attacking her personally and take it out on you. Too bad as we thought we had found a gem.
