I have never written a bad review on any restaurant but after my experience here tonight I just have to. I've been to MP about 4 times since it opened with a great experience the first time and each time after progressively worse. I had a 7:30 reservation for three upstairs which I needed to repeat 3 times on the phone. Apparently they were confused when we got there because they went to seat us downstairs and then made us wait another 20 minutes to get the table we originally reserved. On top of this the restaurant floors were COMPLETELY filthy and it seems like they have no one to take care of this.  I mean they were actually covered in food. Disgusting. Okay, so the service. Oh my lord I was just blown away by how horrible our waitress was. 1)We asked for straws, ice and bread only to be ignored multiple times. The bread came out once we were half done with our food. The ice and straws never came. 2)They were out of 5 dishes (whaaaaat???). If I had known I wouldn't have even sat down. We decided to order  the steak (of which there was only one left) that comes with potatoes only to have it brought out with a side of tomatoes instead because they ran out of potatoes which Amy failed to let us know. Who wants steak with a side of tomatoes? Oh, and no steak knife. 3) I orderd a glass of pinot grigio and while the waiter was pouring it the bottle ran out. Instead of going to get another bottle to finish filling my glass he left me with less than a 1/4 glass of wine which  I guess he thought was okay? After getting the attention of another waiter 10 minutes later he kindly apologized and filled my glass. 4) They ran out of clean dishes so we had to eat our appetizers on damn tea cup size plates. I then started to see other people getting normal size plates so I had to ask for a couple because our waitress didn't think it was necessary to bring them to us on her own. 5) The food came out cold and the sausage was undercooked. It wasn't even busy so honestly there is no excuse. The food is usually good and all but I am so turned off that I don't think I'll  go here again. Sucks because the general ambiance is nice but the management and how they run the place is awful. Bye bye MP!
