After eating here about six times, I noticed a decline in service when I went a few weeks ago. I was there with my 1st grader for lunch after picking him up from school on an early-release day, and I will repeat what another review had to say about the service: It was friendly, but not attentive. I went this evening at around 8:30pm with my husband and two children and the service was terrible. They hurriedly made our table (I later got the feeling that they were closing down for the night, but they are supposed to be open until 10pm on Fridays) and took about 12 minutes to take our drink order (by then we were ready to order our appetizers and main courses). After bringing my son's food w/o his rice (it came with the dish) and *forgetting* to provide us with napkins, I was given an annoyed glare when I said "excuse me" to ask for these items - this was after waiting for about five minutes while my son's food got cold and our fingers became greasy from our Thai wings. No one checked to make sure we needed anything else (refills, etc.), my son's doggie bag was packed w/o his rice, we were not offered sliced oranges with our check (as is customary), and there was no return from the main server/owner on the "Have a Good Evening" that we offered on our way out. I am far from a diva. However, I go out to eat quite often in moderately-priced restaurants all over Connecticut and New York City and it has been years since I've felt so slighted at a restaurant. I know what basic customer service looks like and this was far below the mark, which hurt our feelings a little bit because we'd probably spent a couple hundred dollars there over the last few months. Many of the dishes are great (hence the 2 stars), but a good meal comes a dime a dozen. Combining that with warm, welcoming service is harder to do. I won't think about how the tint of our skin or our perceived age might have influenced the service we received. Since we'd been there before a few times I'll assume instead that it had more to do with the fact that they were getting ready to close up (even though we arrived 1 1/2 hours before their scheduled closing time). We played it cool and tipped our usual 20%, but we won't be going back. Good luck!
