Food poisoning X's 5 people: Saturday, March 15th, 2014. Out of a group of 10 of us, 5 ate the fish tacos and all 5 became violently ill: vomiting, diarrhea, cramps, sweats, chills. One person became sick after dinner that evening, the other 4 within 24 hours. All had to miss work at the beginning of the week. When I called the restaurant to report our illnesses (partly for the restaurant's own sake thinking they would be grateful) they claimed we probably just caught a stomach bug and couldn't provide us with an apology or even a partial refund. Keep in mind it was a group of 10 people whose only interaction all month was at THIS restaurant. They stated they needed our doctors' names, symptoms, and timelines of sickness. After informing them that requesting my doctor's name and medical records was inappropriate and/or illegal they said they "were just playing devil's advocate with us"-family friendly environment!! The managers of this restaurant stated that it couldn't be food poisoning because no one else had called (besides the other 4 sick people from my group who did call). So, if you're reading this and you ate at the restaurant on or around March 15th (or ever) and became violently ill, you might want to know it was probably food poisoning from this restaurant. I explained to the manager the reason we were probably the first to call is due to our large sample size: a group of 10 patrons in which 5 get sick after eating the same dish is a much easier tell for food poisoning than a group of 2 patrons eating separate dishes in which only 1 gets sick and may chalk it up to a stomach bug. After being belittled on the telephone by multiple managers (via the owner who was too sheepish to speak himself) I was ensured I'd have the fish tacos ($69) refunded onto my credit card. Well, multiple days have passed and they haven't been refunded and so here I am telling our story which I promised I wouldn't if we were given a refund. I gave them a chance to make things right and they didn't take it. They argued on the phone for 2 hours over a $69 refund on a bill that was close to $500! As I explained to the managers, I approached them first to make this right and if they didn't make an attempt I would open it up to the reviews as is fair practice for any restaurant. My recommendation is don't eat here and if you did eat here and became ill at any point, consider food poisoning to be the culprit. Update: Xochitl credited us for the fish tacos.
