I agree with the post above me.   If you are looking for a nice dinner out, please STAY AWAY from this place.  My fiancé and I stopped in for dinner on Wednesday night.   First indication to keep driving from this place was that it was not clearly visible from the street since it set in back of a local flower shop.  Once we entered we were in the bar portion of the restaurant with no hostess stand nor any signs directing us to the dining area.  After a few (3mins) of looking a bit lost some patrons directed us to the dining area.  Once we stepped into the EMPTY room we were immediately greeted with an overwhelming damp dirty carpet odor. We both looked at each other but proceeded to find our OWN table and sit down.  After another 5 mins or so we were greeted by a young female only AFTER a bar patron advised her that she had people in the dining area. She took our drink order, came back with our drinks took our order.  We ordered garlic bread with mozzarella, chicken parm w/ penne for me and penne with meatballs for my fiancé. The garlic bread came out maybe 10 mins later and was abruptly thrown on our table a bit cold as if it was left over from lunch hour.  She left leaving us to eat it with our fingers since no utensils, napkins or plates were given to us.  After 30 mins she returned to inform us that they are so busy making prior pizza orders but our food was coming out shortly.  After another 20 mins she then came back out to again apologize for the order taking so long and that for our trouble it was going to be on the house.  She then informed us that there were no meatballs left for my fiancés meal.  REALLY? Almost an hour later you inform us that you can not make the meal ordered?  Mind you the place was EMPTY!  We then changed his order to penne w/sausage, she then said they were out of sausage too!   This is an Italian restaurant how could you possibly be out of meatballs & sausage on a SLOW Wednesday night.  So, last resort we told her to go ahead and give him a Chicken parm dinner too.  Before she left we had to ASK her for refills instead of her noticing that our drinks were empty and the ice completely melted since we been sitting there for so long unattended!  She took our empty glasses and empty basket where the once cold garlic bread lived (we were forced to eat it since we were starving).  She never came back!   After waiting for our drink refills & dinner for another 35 mins we got up and left!!!! WE WILL NEVER RETURN!  Imagine how awful the experience was that we left even though the whole tab was going to be FREE!   I wouldn't not be surprised if this "restaurant" goes out of business within one year!  HORRIBLE service, damp, dark, dirty smelly environment.  So disgusting!  Save your time, energy and hungry tummies and go elsewhere.  I have never been so disappointed in service EVER! After a wasted 2+hrs I was back home cooking our own meal!
