We had a 5:45 reservation for Valentines day, there were maybe 4 or 5 other couples in the place. As the time went on the place was getting filled.  They were becoming very busy, which in turn made them very disorganized and lacked in service. We got the menu (which was fixed), that's fine, everything seemed to look good. Our waiter takes our drink order, brings our drinks and takes our order, i wanted the fillet, the waiter replied sorry but we ran out of them, which seemed  odd, considering its only 6:00 you have a fixed menu and a whole night a head, dint you plan for these things????? well, he replaced the fillet with a prime rib, fine, I wanted it rare. 45 min goes by we get our food, my steak looked Delicious until i started to cut into it, it was nothing but pure grizzle and fat, i couldn't even cut my rare piece of meat. our waiter was no where in sight, it just hap pend the manager was standing there and and i gave him the fatty steak and told him  I cant eat it. I try and order something else and they told me it would take too long to make,  i picked something else again too long, finally he tells me to get the pasta which was wheat lasagna like pasta, with a sauce and some seafood. 1. I dint like wheat pasta, 2. its like eating cardboard, 3. they were awfully too big.  It was sop pose to take 5 Min's. 45 min later the pasta arrives, at this point I'm not hungry because i am so aggravated, I ask the waiter for a container to take it home and we also asked for the check, as we were packing up I looked down the rows of tables and sure enough, and to my amazement  they had file ts on their plates. Hmmmmm.......NOT RIGHT!!!!!!! I willing to give the place another try  until I was lied to. By them trying to save their pennies, they lost a customer, and i will make damn sure people know what they have done. I forgot to add our waiter disappeared on us after bringing the first round of food, to be never seen again that night. So we didnt know who to talk to. 2 THUMBS DOWN!!!!  BAD SERVICE!!!!
