I visited Feast as part of a brunch bridal shower for a friend. Feast has a beautiful rustic decor with aged wooden tables (or at least the large one in the back was). The bridal shower was switched to this restaurant after another restaurant we reserved a table with gave us a hard time about having a "party" without renting out the space. Feast didn't mind at all that we were throwing a small party and even offered to help us with the decorations we brought in, as well as move their table decorations to make it perfect. Additionally they took video and photos for us several times throughout the festivities. They helped us connect to the wifi so we could Skype in people who couldn't make the party. They were very accommodating in terms of the time they gave us, allowing us to linger around the table before sitting to eat and long after we paid the bill. I found the food to be really wonderful. The brunch comes with one beverage, shared appetizers (you get all of them, so no need to pick) and then one main dish per person. My bellini was standard, no complaints there. The appetizers included mini yogurt parfaits with fresh made granola, a shot of carrot ginger juice of some sort, and assorted sweet rolls and breads as well a deviled egg half. It was all delicious and just enough to hold you over as you chat with friends and wait for your main meal. I got the croque-madame, which was a spin on/fancy ham and cheese. It was on pressed/toasted egg-dipped bread, and included a side arugula salad. The only complaint I would have here is that the salad was a bit overdressed but really, the food was delicious and the portions were reasonable. Another girl at the party got the eggs Benedict with the short ribs. I didn't taste the eggs but it looked so good and the short rib was really tender and tasty. I was truly impressed with Feast all around, but especially their customer service. They were so accommodating, our waitress was very down to earth, friendly, fun, made us very comfortable. I would really like to go back for dinner. As an aside, I heard all about this Google glasses thing though I haven't read any articles. My review has nothing to do with that issue, however I'm very glad that the service and food here was so great, and allows me to contribute a great review to their Yelp page to counter act some idiots who don't know how to act in a restaurant. Check out Feast!
