So let me tell you about UVA... Not only is it our favorite restaurant in all of Manhattan, it also happens to be my new favorite spot for private birthday parties as well.  This past Saturday night, I threw a surprise party for my wife.  We had 28 people, they allowed me to personalize the menu, the food was beyond incredible and the service happened to be exceptional!!! Allow me to name names and you will get more of an idea as to how amazing of a restaurant this really is: I will begin by mentioning Linda and Jessica.  They were a pleasure to deal with as I planned the party.  They were patient, they worked with me and they were instrumental in making sure this party went off without a hitch. They allowed me to personalize the menu and next, I will come to the food: Eggplant, chicken, salmon, shrimp or whole wheat pasta?  Can't decide?  Every single item on this menu is absolutely the best I've ever tasted.  And my wife and I have eaten Italian food at some of the best restaurants in Rome and I will still take UVA over any of those places! Let's talk wine.  For my money, I think it is almost impossible to beat whatever the house wine is that night.  You can't go wrong with whatever they choose off the extensive wine list. Let's talk service:  Catherine was our server and she managed to remember 28 orders, never kept us waiting, and always made everyone feel like it was they who were in fact celebrating a birthday.  Her attention to detail was second to none:  every time my glass of water or wine was even close to being empty, there was Catherine, pouring away.  And everyone else said the same thing. Luigi, the owner, also happens to be one of the nicest guys and it's the first time I have ever seen a restaurant owner actually walk around and ensure that his guests are enjoying their meals and be willing to listen and actually care about their comments and overall dining experience. I do not have a bad thing to say about this place.  I will give you one tip:  in terms of appetizer, do yourself a favor and order the eggplant rolletini (did I spell that right?) Thank you everyone at UVA for helping to make my wife's surprise party an overwhelming success!!!!!  We will be seeing you very soon!!!! Ross and friends
