Bobby's Burger Palace on Walnut Street in Philadelphia has been open for about three months now.  While the around the block lines have dwindled down to more manageable levels, the place is still hopping at meal times and routinely into the evening.  While some things did not run smoothly in the first days the place was open, the kinks now are all worked out and the staff runs like a smoothly operating machine. I am more than a regular there and have seen the evolution from day one. The reason I am so familiar with BBP is because it has been my go to burger joint since it first opened.  I manage a Home Center in Camden, NJ and have quite a commute to get home.  The Jersey Pines are not a place to find much in the way of cuisine unless the roller dog is your choice of repast, so a side trip is usually in order.  A quick jump on the Walt  Whitman and I'm BBP bound. Parking can be chancy since there is no off street parking, but since I am in the city after 8pm on most trips, there are no meters to feed.  (As long you can parallel park you should be okay).  Walnut street is one way so parking on either side of the street helps out too. As I mentioned, the lines when the BBP first opened were very long and reach way down the block (ironically almost to the McDonald's on the next corner).  I heard some customers in line with me complain that they should have had more registers running.  On the contrary, I found that the volume of customers that they were able to accommodate was rather impressive. Controlling the customer flow through the register allowed the kitchen staff to operate at an amazing pace ensuring the quality of the food served.  Opening more registers would have overwhelmed the kitchen's ability to keep up and would have left more customers with a bad taste in their mouths than a few people frustrated that they were standing on the side walk.  If anything my time in the Great Adventure-esque lines only served to add to my hunger.  Once inside, the ordering process seemed clear enough to me but some others did not really get it:  Look at the menu on the wall, tell the cashier what you want, pay for it, and find a seat. BBP strives for service once your order is placed, with milk shakes appearing in front of you in about 3-4 minutes.  The Shakes are made from scratch using real gourmet ice cream and milk and a powerful blender.  I have sampled most of the flavors but while I enjoy the fruityness of some, and the intensity of the dark chocolate, I usually stick with the simplicity of the vanilla shake.  It is with out doubt the finest I have had.  One of the best things about the shakes is how consistently good they are from visit to visit with little variation in thickness or flavor.  I will say that the $5 price tag seemed steep at first but you do get what you pay for. The burgers have a quick turnaround time too, 6 to 10 minutes, part of which is used to find a seat.  Your food is front of you before you know it.  Though I have sampled the various Burgers of the Month and other menu choices, I usually order the Palace Classic Burger, crunchified.  I enjoy the burger for the burger rather than for the sauces and other flavors that can be added.  Unlike other reviews based on the experience of eating one burger, mine is based on having eaten quite a few more than that.  Like with the milk shakes, I am pleased with the consistency with which the burgers are cooked.  I have ordered them from medium to well done and only on one occasion was the burger not cooked as requested.  (while the server was quick to offer having the burger re-fired, I declined and ate it as served).  Some believe the burgers to be undersized for the price I find that they are not jaw poppingly large they are, in fact, pleasantly filling.  Combined with shake and fries, I sometimes find myself wishing for a nap instead of a drive home. The restaurant and bathrooms are always clean and well taken care of.  Sauces and ketchup are always stocked.  The table and counters are cleaned almost before the departing customers have reached the door on their way out.  The Ninja wait staff is always checking to see if I need anything and prompt to deliver it if I do.  The managers on duty are always circulating and greeting customers as they sit down, asking how they are enjoying their food and, most significantly to me, it is a rare occurrence for anyone not to get a "thank you for coming" on their way out. For frequent fliers like me, BBP has a Rewards program.  Sign up is free and gets you a BBP rewards card that gets swiped through the register each time you visit.  One dollar spent equals 1 rewards point, 100 points equals a free burger.  An average visit for me is $12.41 so the rewards program is very rewarding.   Bobby's Burger Palace is the palace for me.
