Went to the Whiskey Cafe in Lyndhurst tonight. I wasn't impressed. First off the crowd is 60s and 70s from what I could see. Not the music, the age of the people there. I told my parents about it. They are in their 60s so they might enjoy it. Maybe other nights are different. I have no idea, but tonight, Saturday night, the crowd was mostly people in their 60s and 70s. I didn't card anyone but that was the age group as far as I could tell. There's nothing wrong with that but since I'm writing a review I figure people might want to know the age group so that's why I mention it. Second, there is no place to sit. There's tons of tables but you're not allowed to sit at a table unless you are having dinner. I was there at 11 p.m. Who has dinner at 11 p.m.? 11 p.m. is usually when people are out nightclubbing. But you're not allowed to sit there. There's a small bar. I tried to sit at the bar but a group of ladies in their 60 or 70s I would say screamed at me that I was sitting in their seats. Mind you no one had been sitting there for a half hour but they had a drink in front of every chair. I guess if you put a drink in front of the chair its yours for the whole night. Not even a napkin on the drinks. Just half drunk drinks kinda in front of the chairs. Seems to me the bar would lose money this way. A group of 60s/70s year old ladies get one drink each and then leave it in front of their chairs at the bar all night while paying customers (people who would have a FEW drinks and want to sit can't) but hey that's the bar's decision I guess. Then on top of that there's no place to stand that I could see except on the dance floor. So if you get there and want to have a few drinks you are basically forced to stand on the dance floor with your drink while people in their 60s and 70s bump into you while the band plays songs from the early 1970s. The whole place just reminded me of a wedding not a dance club. A wedding where you aren't allowed to sit anywhere or even stand anywhere without being on the dance floor. The music was a band. While I was there the band played all early 70s stuff from what I could tell. A mixed drink is $8, or at least mine was. Maybe on other nights its cheaper but tonight it was $8. Just thought I'd mention that. $8 is cheap for a drink if you are in the city. For NJ $8 is not really cheap in my opinion. Oh and the cover is $10 too. At least tonight it was. By the way, I'm not a kid. I'm in my early forties. I had heard this place wasn't a 21-25 year olds type place where everyone gets in fights all the time so I figured I would try it out. Well I did. Never again. Been there once and will never go back. The only good things I can say about it is they have a big parking lot with plenty of parking and their dance floor is big, which I guess is good because that's where you will be standing with your drink. Like I said maybe other nights are different, but tonight, a Saturday night, that was my experience. Also just because it wasn't my thing, doesn't mean other people wouldn't like it. I actually do think my parents who are in their sixties would like it. It just wasn't for me for the reasons stated above.
