*WEDDING CAKE SHOPPERS BEWARE* It's hard for me to believe that I'm about to write a negative review for Mozzicato's Bakery, but I'm so deeply upset and offended by what has happened to my wedding cake that I feel that I have to forewarn other people. Mozzicato's was my family's favorite bakery for over a decade (ever since we moved to central CT) and not a party went by without my family getting a fruit cake from Mozzicato's. So when I was planning my wedding there was no question as to which cake and from where I will be having for my wedding. Even though I had my special day in RI my parents drove the cake all the way from CT. Just as we were about to cut the cake I remember being super excited about the fruit cake my guests and I were about to share. I even made a little speech about the fact that we're about to have my favorite cake. As we cut the cake I realized that it wasn't what we ordered. In fact, it was a blah-type of cake with plain white filling. A type of cake one can buy in any supermarket if one doesn't care about dessert... Some of my guests tried it out of politeness, but not a single person had more than a few bites. I ended up having to order desserts from the venue we had our wedding at. A few days later I wrote a very nice email to Mozzicato's explaining what have happened and asking for my parents to be reimbursed, which I thought was more than reasonable considering that if I were a Bridezilla I would probably sue the place for ruining the best day of my life. To make long story short: I got a reply a week later asking for my phone number to resolve the issue. I gave them my phone number. Two weeks passed... No phone call. I wrote another email to the attention of the manager stating that this is no way to treat their long time costumers. It's been two more weeks. No response. I have since found another Italian bakery in the area that has a fruit cake that is just as nice (if not better). I would never be back to Mozzicato's and I want to make sure that something like this never happens to another bride. So if you're ordering a wedding cake make sure you order yours elsewhere.
