Oh my goodness! I just called this establishment about ten minutes ago, in an attempt to make reservations for next month.  To my surprise, they no longer accept dining reservations on Saturdays..and it's considered first come first serve basis.  Not a problem, it's no different than an average well known resturant in New York City.  I wanted to inquire about the "family style" dining plan for $30.00 per person for a party of 20 or more..as it was advertised on their website.  Yet, I was told this plan was for a group of 30 or more, with the exception of reviewing the menu with the owner.  Ok! not a problem, for a person trying to celebrate a 40th birthday - dinner at from what I was told.."The well known Cuban Pete's"...where the food, service, decor, people and staff are considered top notch. Yet, despite having read some negative reviews and treating it as an oversight and/or just a one time negative experience; I was still willing to give it a try..since I like sampling different foods, etc... Yes, I did make three attempts to call via the phone, after speaking to a young lady name Shakiran, who preferred I speak to the owner name Dominique.  Each time I called, I was told that he was unavailable (out of the building, in a business meeting or busy).  I was also told to call back several times whether it was 15 minutes or within an hour. My last attempt was around 8:15pm, I feel my conversation with Dominuque was very unprofessional and negative.  He was very abrupt, belligerant and his tone was very harsh; as he sarcastically forwarned me that coming to his establishment with a party of 20 or more would take 1-2 hours waiting time.  Then he said, "better yet, 3-4 hours or longer."  I tried to ask a lot of detailed questions in an effort to be assured that my guest would be accomodated, despite the long wait and the mere fact that we would be traveling from upstate, new york..for a birthday event (i was attempting to plan). This bastard had the nerve to tell me.."You know what ! Do not come to my fuckin establishment..go some fuckin place else!" In all my years of hosting parties and dealing with professional people on a business or non-business realm, i was somewhat shocked..but not surprised..since nothing is surprising these days... My hushand, who was present to witness the entire ordeal, immediately called back and questioned Dominque, who claimed he was a christian and would never speak to anyone in such a manner.  He further accused me of calling his establishment and "harrassing the said female worker.  This was obviously untrue, since she was the one who encouraged me to speak to Dominque, in an effort to see if he would consider accomodating our needs. Based upon my horrible phone encounter, i have no intentions of ever eating at this establishment, where I feel my people and cash is unwanted.  As an African American Female, who takes great pride in embracing everyone's culture (in terms of arts, food, music, etc)..the entire phone conversation completely made me sad.  I have never been so humilated in all my days..when trying to make reservations and spend my hard earned cash.  Given the nature of the many POSITVE reviews and wanting to gain the experience myself; I was excited about choosing this establishment to host a 40th dinner party (with a few close family and friends)  Yet, it's quite frank that Dominque cares more about making the money..opposed to anything else.  HE DEFINITELY CAN GIVE TWO SHITS ABOUT CUSTOMERS AND TRYING TO OFFER THEM GOOD SERVICE.   I hate to judge a person by their cover, but first presentation is something ..whether it's via the phone or in person. His attitude was like ...people frequent my establishment daily, so your cash means nothing to me..Wow! I know I come thus far by faith and times and the days have truly changed..but when you just don't see it coming..it's hard to swallow. As I shake my head with anger right now..this is definitely yet another encounter or experience, that I will never forget in a million years.  To speak to a customer with such a tone, that you have never met; I can only imagine how he interacts with his employees on a daily basis.
