Attitude included.  The food was very good, although the raw dishes were much better than the cooked.  However, the service was so inhospitable that it didn't just neutralized the cuisine, it soured it. We were the last two of the first seating to arrive (at 6:33), and it looked like the staff was pissed.  They rushed to get our coats off, and the girl hostess (a 20-something) pointed to two seats and said "you're over there."  We chose the wine pairing--$150/person for 6 glasses (in addition to the $579 food bill per couple).  They gave us each--no joke-  a 2 oz pour, which was supposed to last 3 courses.  We finished it before the third course.  They poured the next glass, and again gave us the same small pour (at $25/glass!).  I asked the wine girl ( another 20-something) if she could bring us an additional wine off the by-the-glass list.  She asked if there was something wrong with the wines she was pouring.  I said that the wines were good, but the pours were very stingy.  She actually said "that's the pairing pour.  if you want to get your own bottle, you can.  But we are all about generosity here," and then stormed away, ungenerously. The dinner proceeded until the sweet courses, when we were poured a JJ Prum Reisling Auslese--a wine I own.  It was off.  The wine had bubbles in it, and it wasn't supposed to, which means that the wine was bottled before it had completed its fermentation.  It lacked the body and sweetness it should have had because it hadn't fully fermented.  I had the wine girl come over again, and I said that the wine was flawed.  She said "no it isn't."  I tried to explain why I thought so and she became even more argumentative, saying "I stand behind every bottle I serve."  When I started to reply that she should really taste the wine to see what I mean, the chef came over and said "can I speak with you outside?"  I asked him why that was necessary, and he said that I was being loud, which I wasn't.  I said that the wine girl was being rude and argumentative.  He said (I swear): "this is my restaurant.  I don't come to your kitchen and tell you what to do."  I was stunned.  I repeated: "the wine is flawed."  He asked if I wanted a different wine--something that the wine girl could have said minutes ago--and I said yes.   The rest of the evening went without incident, or without any "good byes" from the staff as we left.  All this for $900 a couple.  Save your money and your self esteem and go to Per Se or Eleven Madison--you'll be treated with first-class hospitality and have money left over for cab fare and then some.
