I have just read about 40 or so reviews of Rutts....most were right or near spot on. The actual, but Rutts laws ...like no kraut or chili, or onions on the dog by request, only by side dish is their law, when in Rome.........! easy to deal with after you figure out that chil or kraut would foul up these dogs. order the chili bowl if you go with a group, taste it , pass the spooon, and....add a little vinegar, they'll give you a botttle no questions asked. order at least 2 rippers, save room for either a pork-barb, or a cheeseburger-dipped/with, or a burger with f/o! then as far as side go...onion rings above all, huge order, share...cheap. cole slaw, good jersey diner type, then fries w/gravy if that's your bag. fries can be erratic. the cheesesteak platter is an amusement park event, a round fresh roll, lotsa cheese, onions, peppers, mushrooms, free....then a full plate of fries, lettuce/tomato and a side of slaw, not a paper cup a glass soup dish full. 5.95....go for dinner and leave full. soups are good, not my thing to spend $3 for soup. the hot dog platter is ther best kept secret, 2 dogs, rolls optional, big portions of slaw and potato salad, and a garden of fresh veggies, carrots, olives, tomatoes, peppers, scallions, and all for 5.75!   try the pork or beef barb sandwich on hb roll with a slice of raw onion, 1.65....their dinners are edible, not really worth the hit or miss factor in such a venue. OK, a few reviewers really got me upset with their innaccuracies and outright lies, where were you people? I'll try to list them as much as  I can recall; #1 there is NO RED BIRCH BEER, NEVER WAS, its Boylan's brown. #2 THERE S NOT AN UPSTAIRS! T'S ALL on 1 level. side by side. the girl who said they were tasteless is best described as the the same! #3 only miller light??? they have 7 beers on tap, 8 in bottles, 15 different choices, and miller light draft is not one of them! what planet is that guy from? worst deal; grilled cheese for $3. burgers are fine, always have 1plus my dogs, or a bbq.....smalll burger served with brown gravy. most humorous menu item not listed, hamburger all the way= translates to burger, soft roll, lettuce/tomato/mayo. my hobby is while eating watching the 1st timres come in and get overwhelmed, confused and maybe get a toungue lashing..haha. ask for Johnny, or Gus part owners, they'll tell you anything you want to know, with a pleasant attitude and genuine friendship.Gus' uncle Steve ,was part owner, he passed away yrs ago, he was a sideshow, yelling no kraut, just homemade relish! and telling vendors never ever show up between 12 and 2! but once you got to know him he's take care of you, gave me free beets, cole slaw and a dozen red key chains over the yrs! to those who slammed the place, get out, stay out, to all dtractors and those who made up crazy details...go to the diner. to the Rutts patriots, see you there and forever let it never change. my uncle Pat brought me there in 1958 first time, RIP unc....it's still standing.
