A friend of mine and I decided to take advantage of Center City Restaurant Week with a trip to Amada.  I had heard only good things of the restaurant; one cousin of mine told me to not walk, but run there; another cousin told me that she loved it, and the scallops she had during CCRW literally melted in her mouth. Our evening was absolutely fantastic.  From the decor to the bathrooms, the ambiance was beautiful.  I loved the fact that we were directed to "follow the candle-lit hallway" in order to get to the bathroom--it was so romantic!  Amada makes me really want to be with a significant other, it was that romantic! The food was amazing.  I was a little disappointed that the menu was not the same in house as it was listed on the CC District website...I was really looking forward to those scallops!  I am one to turn a negative aspect into a positive, though; the choice would have been between scallops and calamari, so when the choice was actually between shrimp and calamari, I was excited to pick the calamari.  The first course was great.  I will echo what many others have said: the lavender truffled honey was divine.  We also really enjoyed the garlic dulce de leche.  Then there was some bread and meat dish with caperberries, dijon mustard, and tiny pickle thingies (yea, I'm really bad with food vocabulary, especially when it is foreign).  My favorite first course plate was the Melon y Jamon, though; I absolutely love melon and proscuitto in the Italian tradition, so this was wonderful to me.  And the best part?  They gave us more bread to enjoy with the rest of our honey and caramel without reservation. The 2nd course was possibly even better than the first.  Calamari that was not rubbery at all (my friend described it as "It just pops!"); Setas (wild mushrooms) that were grilled to perfection; meat-on-a-stick (again with the memory of vocabulary and such!); and poached egg and asparagus.  I couldn't pick a favorite of the four plates...they were all so good! The 3rd course was dessert, and it was just as amazing.  Flourless chocolate layer cake with Nutella and bittersweet chocolate ice cream?  Vanilla cream custard with exotic fruits?  A complimentary almond tuille the size of my forearm? YES PLEASE! And the waitstaff!  So wonderful!  So helpful!  I honestly felt like I had died and gone to heaven for 2 hours.  It really was that wonderful. So I guess I will repeat what my cousin said to me in regard to whether or not you should go to Amada.... Don't walk...RUN!
