I am really excited that the town of Carteret finally has a restaurant that offers a nice variety of food selections. I saw a flyer that said The Station had a new chef. I went to this establishment back in September and the food was down right terrible, nothing but a fried mess.  I never wanted to go back.  I than went home and friended The Station on facebook and saw that they had a bunch of specials on their page that sparked my interest. Than I saw that they had their own webpage that offered their full menu.  I saw so many things that I wanted on their menu that I had to go back! It was a Saturday night and me and my friend went. We were greeted by the bartender in such a way that made us feel like she wanted us here.  We sat at the bar and she immediately asked us what we would like to drink and told us about a few speciality drinks, we both went with this drink called the Destiny and thought it was a very delicious drink.  We each ordered an appetizer.  I had the calamari and my friend had the quesadillas.  The calamari was so delicious, it had orange segments tossed in there, arugula and these sweet red peppers.  It required no sauce whatsoever. The flavors just burst!  It was really satisfying.  My friend's quesadillas was such a plentiful offering.  It was full of cheese and delicious sides such as a homemade quacamole and a black bean mixture.  It was filling enough to have as a meal not an appetizer but we had already ordered our meals.  I ordered the steaks sandwich and my friend got the fish and chips.  We were both pleased with the interesting fries, they are not your normal french fries but like a cut up baked potato , it was so tasty.  The fish was nice and crunchy and the steak sandwich was so tender and tasty!  We were really happy with our meals! The only upsetting thing was the dessert selection, I wish there was a little more than they offered.  We were too full for dessert anyway but if they had something that really caught our eye we might have splurged.  As we were about to pay our bill we saw the chef walking over to the tables and thought that he must have known someone but than he came over to us and asked how we enjoyed everything. We thought that was the best part of our time. We felt that the chef really cared about what we thought about his food.  We told him that everything was great and we were looking forward to coming back.  I am so happy I came back to this place! I look forward to going again.
