Ya know, North NJ is not short on Portuguese chow. Maybe it was an off day. I know that there was a party going on in the main room and there was a tent setup in the parking area so I can only assume that the party had to move indoors. But for a place this snazzy, I was not expecting to pay that much for such uninformed service on ordering and to be seated with a view of the kitchen in some forgotten corner. First, I'd like to say that 2/3 of the meals were absolutely phenomenal. One was the green mariscada and the other was the red. The green was ok, just what was expected. The red was very very very scrumptious. Of course I had the odd meal out. But on ordering I knew my meal was destined to be mediocre on the best of happy pills. Happily confounded as to what to order due to the multitude or true goodness in every menu item, I figured, heck, too much meat in my diet, we're celebrating an event here today, let me go for the Alaskan Crab Legs, but at almost $40 I just figured, let me ask how big a portion that was. Our waiter, perhaps new or promoted from dishes stated it was 36. I asked what, oh he meant dollars. I politely asked how much do you get and he made a six inch long gesture and said six. I asked if he knew what weight that was and he did not know. We agreed that he might go ask. He came back as friendly as ever and told me something like 6 of 6 inches. I mean his english was pretty good, but we were just losing something here, this white shirted gent and I and I figured I'd like an answer to confirm if I really wanted it. Again I asked how much weight was it and he said the dollar amount. I asked again what weight and he said he did not know. I pressed him firm at this point and stated that all shell fish of this nature are priced for the most part on weight and I would like a ball park. Only once in this whole exchange did he allude that was about a pound and that was fleeting. I just did not want to pay for a pound at that price. Frustrated I just said give me the steak on the specials menu. He said which one to which I thought there was only one. I said the one that said York in it. He said the New York Strip and I said no, the one that says York, the only one on the specials menu. He brought back a menu and he said oh, the shell steak. I stated, yes, shell steak (insert preparation style here) York. Not the strip. Medium. thanks. After that everything was ok service wise. It was prompt, courteous, etc. The Steak I did not finish. The 2 mariscada's at the table I certainly got busy with. All in all, maybe don't order from the specials menu or ask simple questions. Just know what you want and don't tax the staff's grey matter. Would I go again? Sure. If somebody else is paying the +$160 tab for 2 adults and a kid, I would certainly go. I don't mind paying that much but have the wait staf learn the menu and give me a steak that's not like an English saddle. Thankfully they had White Sangria.
