I've been visiting New York now for almost a week along with my daughter and I must say out of all of the restaurants I've dined in so far, my best experience was today at Lillie's for brunch. We almost walked right by, as it is quite difficult to tell that the place is actually a restaurant from the outside. Anyhow, I am glad I decided to test my luck and come inside. The decor is amazingly beautiful and like nothing I've ever seen before. Its almost hard to believe this restaurant is so new with all of its amazing antiques, unique high ceilings and extravagant marble bar. The staff working today were just fabulous. We were greeted by a very sweet hostess,  who gave us a very nice table for two in a cozy booth in the back, despite the fact  that we did not take the time to reserve one in advance. Our waitress was a vibrant and polite young lady, with beautiful red hair,  and a ton of personality named Danasia (I could be spelling it wrong) who, we later realized, was the only waitress working at the time. Although we already had the brunch menus in front of us and she had almost every other table in the restaurant busy, she was kind enough to take the additional time to explain the brunch special to us and explain our choices for complimentary beverages. Our waitress went on to take our complete order and in almost no time returned with our complimentary beverages; a bloody mary and a mimosa. My bloody mary was very delicious and had a great balance of spice and flavor. My daughter really enjoyed her mimosa and even ordered a second. For brunch I ordered the Eggs Benedict and my daughter had the French Toast, recommended by our waitress. Surprisingly, even with the amount of tables busy, our food arrived in a timely fashion. We found both choices to be extremely delicious and very tasty. We were fortunate enough to receive any additional necessities for our meal prior to asking because our busboy made sure we were covered on syrup, water and napkins before the food arrived. This made us really happy, considering our experience with this problem at other restaurants we've visited this week in the city. After enjoying our meal and things began to calm down in the restaurant, our waitress came over to offer us coffee or dessert. Although we were already stuffed and ready for the check, we had questions about the restaurants history and decor. Our waitress told us a ton of fascinating and fun facts about the place and even recommended we visit the downtown location as well. She also went on to tell us about a few of her favorite cool and inexpensive places to visit in the city, which was very kind. We really enjoyed our visit today at Lillie's for brunch and although it was busy, we are glad to say our waitress made the experience special and surely provided us with great service that will definitely have us visiting again on our next trip to New York! We definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting New York!
