There are so many reasons to wholeheartedly recommend Anthony's Cheesecake including the outstanding menu selections that are always fresh and homemade, the congenial service and, of course, the greatest cheesecake in the world. Don't let the name dissuade you, Anthony's Cheesecake is actually the best place in the neighborhood--possibly even in Essex County--to get healthy, well-prepared food. The menu reflects the commitment co-owners Anthony Lauro and Phil Byrne make to provide customers with the finest fare and features a tasty quinoa with walnuts and cranberries, bountiful salads chock full of seasonal and delicious fruits and vegetables, as well as luscious smoothies. The menu changes daily--sign up on the website to have the specials sent to you directly--and always has something to please any palate whether you want breakfast or lunchtime items. Be sure to sample the scrumptious muffins or a flaky and spectacular apple turnover that's the size of half a pie! They prepare the best egg dishes, delightful wraps and savory pasta specialties. The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are quite generous. Of course, you don't go to a place named Anthony's Cheesecake without trying some of the delectable goodies. The cheesecakes are truly extraordinary, but don't overlook the fudgy brownies or incredible cookies. Anthony's Cheesecake has become a well-received and delicious calling card for my husband and myself. We bring one to holidays with the family or dinner with friends and it wins rave reviews. I can't tell you how many times people tell us it's the best cheesecake they've ever tasted. (It is!) As a resident of Bloomfield, I am also encouraged by Anthony and Phil's willingness to be at the forefront of the town's revitalization effort by selecting 71 Washington Street as their home. They believe in our town and its future and Bloomfield residents should support them as well. I must admit Anthony and Phil have become friends, but I imagine that's what happens with most customers. You meet them and you instantly like them, you eat their food and you love them. The menu at Anthony's Cheesecake will tantalize your tastebuds and you'll be planning your return visit as you are walking out the door. It's that good!
