WOW, where should I start?      I watched a television show, about this guy traveling to find the best of everything,  it was called "Man v Food Nation". The restaurant was featured on that show, so like all of you, I was quickly drawn to its hype.  What got me hooked was, its heritage (est 1895), its atmosphere, and that they still use, the original cast iron gas stoves used by the man himself Louis Lassen, back when it opened.     So, I decided to take a try at it. I live in New York, so I had hopped that the trip to New Haven would be worth my time. When arriving, I quickly was drawn to its historic design, this place definitely gives you that late 1800's feel, and look to it. When I walked in the place, I was surprised to see how "SMALL" the place really is.  There are literally only 3 tables, two tables for two, and one for 5, that's it.     This burger place is very different to what most people are accustomed to.      First of all, if you want your burger between two buns, you will be disappointed. The way the prepare your burger is by, putting the meat between two slices of bread, with your choice of tomatoes, onions, and cheese. That's it.      Secondly, if you are a ketchup or a mustard lover, well, you are out of luck here as well. Reason being is that, they think having ketchup or mustard on the burger, will get in the way of the burgers overall taste. I personally think, it only enhances the taste of the burger, makes it rich, and full of flavor. It's like adding different types of spices to a soup, it only makes it tastier.     Thirdly, there are no prices at all, the only way you'll know is, after you have told the cashier what you are getting. The good news is that, this restaurant wont break the bill. The prices are pretty good.     OK, now lets get to the most important thing of all the "Taste Test". When I finally got my burger, after a 20min or so wait, I  went in for my first bite. The first thing that hit me was, NO FLAVOR or TASTE, It was definitely missing something. The second thing you notice is that, you are missing ketchup, lettuce, mustard, believe me it really does make a big difference! After it was all said and done, I had known that going there was a big waste of my time. I have had a lot of burgers in my life, from Hamburgh to Berlin, Texas to New York, etc.. I would have to say that it was a 'BIG DISAPPOINTMENT" to say the least!     So, you just have to go ahead and ask yourself, would this place have gotten any attention, if it didn't have the *est 1895 title*?     REMEMBER, go to a restaurant that has a delicious burger, not for its hype or heritage!
