First and foremost, I LOVE this restaurant. With that being said, I saw yelp on an ad and figured I'd contribute to my fellow diners across the garden state, and New York too. With that aside, for my first review I would like to start with one of my favorite restaurant: Mesob Ethiopian Cuisine located in Montclair. Anyway, this place is absolutely great. From everything to the aroma that hits you on the way in, all the way to the painfully, yet delightful, full stomach on the way out. To begin, the food is some type of amazing that I have yet to exceed elsewhere, and match, outside of  a relatively few places outside my mothers own kitchen. All in all, the food is great, trust me! Or go on in and try it for yourelf. As far as the staff, they are great as well. Granted, you wont come here for the staff, you will be dead set on the food upon arrival. However, they do a good job of accompanying the food in providing excellent service, a friendly atmosphere, accurate recommendations, and of course bringing out the food. The service can be a little on the slow side sometimes, but that can be expected due to the success of the restaurant, and the uprising of customers, both first timers and regulars alike. All in all, the service is great, but just shy of the food that they delightfully bring out and serve artistically. All in all, this establishment is great in all aspects from food and service to overall ambiance and I recommend this place to anyone looking to escape the walls of hamburger, and pizza, and delve back to a time where your hands equaled the best utensil ever fathomable. Don't take my word for it, try it yourself. P.S. I agree with the comment about the shared plate fee. It kind of rubbed me the wrong way when me and my pal went there looking for a light meal, and ended up having to order an extra entree. However I voiced my opinion to the owner, and delightfully retorted that it is due to the high cost of maintaining the restaurant itself. So, i get it, however much that I do not like it, I understand that is a business first and foremost, and yummy finger food everywhere after. Thank you for reading. Look for more of my reviews to come. I offer nothing but truth, because I speak from stomach and, from the looks of my stomach, it is awfully knowledgeable, and surprisingly picky. -John W.
