Simply put, Havana Social is everything you hope to find when you go out to a restaurant! We went on a Thursday night for an early dinner and we so blown away by the delicious food and incredibly nice staff that we then decided to go back on Friday night and it was even better. I did not really know "Cuban" food but the waitress thoroughly explained each dish that I inquired about but her descriptions were so well done that we basically wanted everything we asked about both evenings. Combining what we had tried on Thursday evening with our feast on Friday, we have tried about half of the dishes on the menu. The shrimp we had were so fresh and tasty, I had to have them both nights! The "mini burgers" made with both meat and sausage were terrific as were the taco's and empanada's. I feel bad that I am unable to list all the proper dish names but this was over 3 weeks (9/4 and 9/5) ago when we were there and I did not get a menu to take with me or take any photos. While I have written mainly about the food so far, I have to tell you the drinks were great and if you decide to go, I highly recommend the "Black Mojito". They also make other tasty drinks without alcohol as my dinner companion both nights was a non drinker, who raved about the concoctions the bartender made for him! Normally, I do not write reviews as I type with 2 fingers at a snail's pace but we just had so much fun here that I felt that I had to because of what I have yet to mention; the service! There are many great places in NYC to get terrific food, others where the service is really special too, but not so many where you are totally delighted with your evening, without breaking your wallet. The number one reason I will keep coming back to Havana Social is truly the incredible staff! Everyone working in this restaurant was nice to be around. They were happy that we were there and it showed in the way they smiled and made eye contact with all the guests. I imagine most Yelp readers dine out frequently as do I and it is not always fun and enjoyable, so experiences such as we had are truly memorable. Going to this restaurant made us feel like we had been invited to a very fun party, with great food and drink in a really stylish space, hosted by lovely and gracious hosts and hostesses. The experience we had at that party would have prompted us to send flowers and candy to our hosts the following day and guess what... our bill was less than we would have spent on the thank you flowers and candy. Even better, we do not have to wait to be invited to their next party as we are able to go to this restaurant, whenever we want. What a treat!
