Looking around for a place that wasn't completely casual, decided to give this a shot. Looking at the pictures of the place online, I was interested in the fact it looked like it was a converted house. I made my reservation online through the website and had no issues being seated (it was filled, but not completely). We were immediately greeted and sat I believe by one of the chefs, possibly the head chef. We were given menus and the wine menu right away. The menu is diverse and unique, you won't find the typical things like chicken parmigiana  or spaghetti and meatballs. They have a static menu to choose from as well as a list of specials. The only gripe I had all night was the initial wait to order once sat. After we were sat and given a wine list, our waiter took almost 15 minutes to come back, while going back to the table directly next to us not once, but TWICE and proceeded to chat up with them at length both times. Never once did he pop over and ask us at least if we wanted to start with a bottle of wine. Once the orders were taken, food was brought out at appropriate points as we ordered an appetizer, soup and salad, entree, and lastly coffee and desserts. Like most good Italian establishments, water and bread were brought out first. Olive oil was provided for dipping, as was a special eggplant mix for topping the bread with. While I'm not a fan of eggplant at all, I actually didn't mind it on top of the bread. For an appetizer, we shared the homemade fresh mozzarella with orange marmalade. While its not something you may have imagined together, it was extremely tasty. It's easily share-able between a couple or family as it comes with four slices of the mozzarella.  Next I had the minestrone soup which was fantastic, the girlfriend had the Caesar which looked decent, if not typical. For dinner I had the Shrimp Fra Diavolo. It was a good sized portion. The sauce was delicious, spicy, but not to the point that made me sweaty or bothered me (I like spicy food). The girlfriend had Veal Saltimbocca which she liked as well. For desert we shared a Sicilian Zeppoli which was delicious. Overall it was a good experience, but I've had better. All the food came out hot and aside from the initial long wait to order a bottle of wine, service was frequent and timely. I would like to come back one day and eat there again.
