My husband and I walked into this restaurant with our two children on a very rainy Wednesday night at 5:30. We went to celebrate our wedding anniversary. When we walked through the door the hostess just stood there with a look of contempt on her face as she eyeballed all of us coming in from the rain. After a long awkward pause I had to ask her for a table for four. As she scowled and grabbed her menus, I was wondering who would ever hire this women to greet and sit people at their restaurant, she was downright scary, think Cruella De Ville.  I also had a stroller which she looked at as if she had never seen one before in her life.  I easily closed it up and put it to the side as she watched with a giant puss on.   I did do my research on this restaurant and looked at the childrens menu that they display on their website so I figured Childrens menu=children are welcome. There were other children in the restaurant and all were extremely well behaved.  My kids are also little foodies and have been to many a 4 and 5 star restaurant. I liked the food, I ordered the duck meatloaf and my husband ordered the fried chicken, my children after serious deliberations and suggestions from the waitress (who seemed put out by their questions) ordered from the childrens menu. The food was quite delicious and all of us tasted everything on the table and were very pleased wih our selections. I am not a drinker but since it was our wedding anniversary I decided to splurge and go for a fancy cocktail. I had two of them and I am pretty sure they didn't contain any alcohol at all and at 11 bucks a pop that is just wrong. There is one bathroom. We actually had words with an impatient women who was banging on the door after my daughter and I were in there for 1 minute. The atmosphere was very awkward and uncomfortable. I am very soured on the experience.  The food was good, the drinks were awful and super expensive.  The service sucked.  I would not return to this restaurant with or without my children.   I really wanted to love it, my son goes to school across the street and I thought this might be a great place to hit when I don't feel like cooking.
