A husband and wife friends of ours from out of town wanted meet up for karaoke at a local bar and heard about Starlite. The husband and my wife had lived in West Orange growing up 30 years ago and this place had an old rep for having good pizza. We walked in to nothing resembling karaoke when there's the karaoke host singing a Phantom of the Opera duet with a customer and a smoke machine. Yes an Italian "restaurant" with a karaoke host who uses a smoke machine. This was clearly not a typical karaoke session. The restaurant could fit a good 80 people comfortably. It was about 1/3 full. None of the customers seem to notice us and are fixed mostly on the stage. We are asked if we need to be seated by a waitress but told her we saw our friends at the bar. Our friends inform us they had already sang a song and had a beer already. My wife and I sit down at the bar and order a coke and a Coors ($7.82). Keep in mind, not one time did anyone stop us or ask us for a cover charge. From past experience, this is usually addressed verbally at the door before you sit down and order a drink. At least it should be this way. Between drinking half a flat coke and half a beer, our friends telling us this place seems "strange" and hearing two Starlite "Stars" sing very slow not upbeat songs, I realized everyone in this restaurant were part of a clique. And this is on a Saturday night around 9:30 p.m., when any restaurant should be catering to as many people as possible and turning over tables, not giving loyal customers and a weird karaoke host a "stage" to perform. I'm all for living out fantasies of being on stage, but not at the expense of new customers and certainly not on a Saturday night. Since my wife already paid $7.82 for Coors and a Coke and was waiting for change, (incidentally she gave the bartender a $10 bill and she never even came back to drop off change. Guess she assumed she deserved the tip without really doing anything) I decided to leave because I was very uncomfortable. After waiting outside for 10 minutes for my wife and friends, they come out to tell me that the restaurant tried charging them $15 for participating in the karaoke show. This on top of the beer they already paid for with cash. So they left only $20 instead of the $30 because they didn't feel it was fair and because no one associated with the restaurant indicated as much. So we all decided to call it a night. As our friends are pulling out of their spot and we start walking to our car, the karaoke host comes walking to our friends car and says, "Hey you sang in my show tonight, and you only paid $20. It's $15 per person." My wife and I decided to leave to our car when an older woman who had sang earlier, comes out and stops and my wife and I and says, "I should call the cops on you guys!" So I"m thinking she's a manager or somehow related to the restaurant. I tried to give her constructive feedback and I said "I'm sorry, but 15 bucks for karaoke? I've never heard of that. You don't charge people to come and sing." "It's a cover charge!" she yells at me in a nasty tone. "You step foot into a show and you pay a cover charge. You don't walk out!" "Excuse me," I said politely yet sternly. "No one indicated that to us. I thought this was karaoke." "There are signs on the wall behind the bar that say there's a cover charge!" she insists. She's not yelling but very reprimanding. "No one charged us $15 for a cover," my wife started insisting. "We paid for our beer and soda and there was no charge. So we left." At this point, I'm thinking she's the owner or a manager and I just want to leave so I go to slip her $30 and she says "I don't work here" and backs away from the money. "Oh well then I don't have to sit here and listen to this, let's go," I said and my wife and we drove off, as she continued to reprimand us with my windows close. I waved goodbye knowing I'm NEVER coming back here again. I've never experienced any kind of service like this in my life. It's amazing they are still in business, in such a nice area of upper West Orange. PS. while I definitely didn't try any food, I will say I watched an elderly man slowly eat a very burned looking greasy slice that did not look all that appetizing. The bottom of the pizza was black. But do NOT take this review for any cuisine review. This review is simply to relay the overall poor customer service experience.
