This afternoon after drawing blood and mailing a package to nana, we decided to stop in at Red Eye, a local hole-in-the-wall on Walnut Street in Montclair. We were greeted at the door by an array of friendly faces, one of which gestured us towards a nice corner table for two. We settled in for a long lunch. We started things off with water for two. No ice. Didn't seem to bother Carmen but Jack would have liked a cube or two. After a short while, our friendly waitress took our orders (with no pad, mind you!). Carmen ordered an omelette with avocado, goat cheese, and broccoli. It came with "hash and toast" on the side. Jack ordered the "Turkey and Pear" sandwich, complete with the titular ingredients, along with avocado, brie, and arugula. We didn't get any bread or anything, but keep in mind that - due to our busy afternoon - we didn't make it to RE until after 2:00 pm. Following another brief wait, our waitress brought us our meals. Perhaps we would have liked to get our meals a bit more hastily, but they were clearly having a busy afternoon at RE. We understand that. That said, our meals were outstanding. Each of the ingredients in the "Turkey and Pear" sandwich complimented each other beautifully. Jack - in a state of utter disbelief - admitted that he'd never had a sandwich quite like it. Innovative. Carmen's omelette was similarly delicious. She had a good time putting the omelette on the toast and eating it. While she threw up her lunch within hours of consuming it, we are sure that it was from her lunch the previous day (potato tacos???) which gave her on-and-off stomach troubles that evening. Our meals were reasonably priced. There was a bit of embarrassing confusion about how to pay; see, we left the money on the table (as is common), unaware that at RE they prefer to have their customers pay at the register by the door. We corrected this unfortunate mistake with haste and headed out the door. We stopped at a pet shelter across the street, hoping to get a look at the cats. But they are closed on Mondays. Better luck next time!
