This is a gem in Northern Liberties.  If you're looking for a quaint Italian café with a lot of variety, Trio's is an excellent choice.  I first came across Trio's when I noticed them as voted one of the best pizza's in Philadelphia Magazine last year.  I went in to try their NY style round and was very happy.  The crust was crisp and flaky on the outside but very moist and chewy in the middle.  They use a good portion of tomato sauce, which is what I like but when you get the pizza it's almost like the sauce and cheese formed an amazing union and created a whole new flavor and texture for a pizza----excellent!   But as I've gone back quite often over the last year, I started to delve even further into their menu.  Their tomato pie is superb.  I believe it also won best thin crust in the pizza Olympics last year and I can see why.  I had the Invernale tomato pie last week and it was excellent.  It was so refreshing and delicious for a light lunch.  It had shaved parmesan and dices tomato topped with fresh crisp arugula and very fragrant olive oil.  It really was delicious and a nice change from the average pizza shop with only greasy options. What I like most about this place is that with all of the different options on their menu I can probably eat at Trio's every day.  While the pizza is excellent with so many interesting flavor combinations, the rest of their menu is equally as interesting.  Whether I'm looking for a hearty pasta dish like the Penne Rosa which is an excellent rendition of a comforting dish for the vodka sauce lover or the Condita salad which is a light greens salad with grilled chicken and shrimp with some delicious veggies and their house balsamic, I could probably eat here every day.  I look forward to exploring the menu even further because it is apparent that these guys know what they're doing.  It is clear that they take a large amount of pride in the product that they put out, the way they take care of their restaurant and how they value their customers. Keep up the good work Trio's!!!
