Wow! I am completely blown away and boggled by the negative reviews I am reading.  I am a born and raised 2nd Streeter and could not be more ecstatic about this place! It's such a welcoming addition to our neighborhood and it's refreshing to see a corner bar that doesn't have a massive brawl erupt at closing each evening, which is rarely the case with other neighborhood bars. I live down the street from the place and have been there at least 8-10 times (slight drinking problem here!) Each time, I have impeccable service and my food is AWESOME! I have not tried the falafel or fondue, but pretty much everything else. My burger was cooked to perfection and the blackened chicken and gnocchi was...for lack of a better word: Orgasmic. I'm not a beer drinker, but many of my friends are and they tell me that the selections are great. I have proudly enjoyed each of their signature drinks, which are tasty and literally intoxicating. The prices are extremely reasonable.  And I feel previous reviews are completely contradictory.  You have complained the décor was confusing and out of place, but then you request that the prices be displayed on the wall?? I would not go into a swanky uptown establishment with the hopes of seeing $2.50 can of Pabst in chalk on the wall, so I wouldn't want to see it here anyway. And guys, while we're at it, who gives a flying fuck where a juke box is in conjunction to where you are seated? It's a juke box!!! It's sole purpose is to play songs you want to hear while you are dining/drinking. I'll never understand the people on this site who constantly trash establishments under hidden identities instead of offering constructive criticism. I get that it's called "yelp", but some complaints are so ridiculous that they become comical and I'm unable to take any of them seriously. I nearly spit water out of my mouth when I read that comment praising the East Side Saloon!! Yeah, if you were looking to leave a place with dirt on your clothes and possibly OD on heroin, then I bet you do miss it. But this is a nice place that not only dressed up that old eyesore of a dive, it gives neighborhood people who have been here forever and people who have newly moved here a place to go and enjoy themselves. Sorry for the rant, I just feel strongly that it's going to be a really great place.  It's only been open a month and I feel they've adapted quite easily. The staff is friendly and while I didn't notice any facial STDS or other abnormalities, I did notice people who are eager to serve.
