So the ambiance was really nice and the food ranges from decent to good. I think for the price it was pretty reasonable and would possibly have come again if the service from our waitress wasn't so horrible as to really impact the entire experience. The evening started out great and the hostess was very friendly and helpful. The items on the menu sounded really unique. Then our dreaded waitress came and ruined the evening. I don't know if the "policies" she quoted about the restaurant were actually true but if they are, then the restaurant is partly to blame for the bad experience. Our waitress told us the kitchen wouldn't slice a sandwich for us even though we explained were sharing it. The food "comes as it is." I thought this was a little customer unfriendly but that was fine. Then we noticed the place had emptied a little and there were a couple of two-tops free. Seeing as we got crammed into a table for four (we were a party of five) during a rush period at the restaurant, we tried to spread out to the two-top next to us. The waitress rushes over to tell us that "you can't use the table next you. It's not allowed." When our bill comes, the waitress has tacked on a 20% gratuity which we totally believe she doesn't deserve but whatever, maybe it's the policy to do mandatory gratuity for parties of 5+ even though the usual is 6+. They don't take credit card so we're paying in cash. The waitress comes over, hovers over us while we're paying, and then haughtily informs us that "we don't take pennies." I'm sorry, but what sort of American business doesn't accept a perfectly valid form of US currency? Especially since they were asking for cash, they had already added our gratuity so it's not like we were going to round up from that, and the total ended in 6 cents which would REQUIRE PENNIES? Save yourself the trouble. Try a neat little place like Cafe Habana or something nice instead. At least until they get rid of the haughty waitress and decide they'll accept US currency like the rest of the country. Edit: If it helps at all, the waitress is blonde. Honestly, though, with so many great restaurants in the same area, I'd just avoid this restaurant rather than take a chance on such horrible service.
