Miya's Sushi is more than a restaurant - it's not only one of the friendliest places to visit, it's also where you will find some of the healthiest, most creative, and most delicious food anywhere. Being a regular at Miya's has ruined me for other restaurants. I enjoy a healthy lifestyle, and buy organic, top-of-the-line ingredients to cook at home whenever I can. There are only a handful of restaurants in the Northeast that I trust and love - Miya's is at the top of the list. I always bring out-of-town visitors to Miya's. A friend from DC took one sip of the miso soup, and said, "Oh my God. That's the best miso I've ever had. Oh my God!" I know that when I go there, I will enjoy what is essentially a home-cooked meal. It also happens to be nutrient-rich, sustainable, and unique food cooked and served with love. When you get used to eating food fitting that description, it's easy to sense when other restaurants' offerings don't come close to meeting that standard, and that standard is impossibly high, yet Miya's meets it, and consistently tries to go beyond.  The food there is cutting edge. You don't go to Miya's to get California roll. You go there to eat healthy food that is accessible, delicious and unique. And you'll be eating a lot of stuff that is local. The staff catches some of the seafood. Many of the greens are from Yale Farm. You can't go wrong. Bun and his mom Yoshi care about their product, and they care about their customers. This is not an exaggeration.... the salad there changed my life. I went from feeling obligated to eat salad to craving multiple salads a day. Because it's not practical to eat at Miya's every day, I asked Bun for the recipe. He outlined how to prepare the greens (his mom tears each leafy green into the right size), and how to make the dressing. Now I make it at home and still have it when I go to the restaurant.You won't find a place where the spirit of generosity and caring is as strong. I thank Bun for showing me a different way to eat. Go to Miya's with an open mind. It is one of the most dynamic and original places you will ever experience. You never know, it just might change your life.
