If I could give a zero I would! Last couple of times we have gotten delivery, we noticed the quality and taste of the food had been slipping. However, after this past Friday night, we will NEVER order from Imperial 46 again. We ordered 3 sushi items, fried dumplings, fire cracker chicken, and egg rolls. When the order arrived (we paid by credit card), we realized they gave us shrimp tempura and chicken tempura instead of a shrimp tempura roll and chicken tempura roll. HUGE difference in cost, as the rolls are $6.25 each, while the chicken tempura is $14.25 and the shrimp tempura is $18.25. We then taste the firecracker chicken, which tasted like pure peanuts (no spicy taste whatsoever). I then open the dumplings to find 3 of them soggy and barely cooked and 3 of them are busted open and burnt! We call the restaurant (at this point, we just want a refund for the tempura errors and the dumplings) and the woman on the phone was beyond rude. She stated she would not give us a refund, until the driver came back and picked up the wrong food (ridiculous). She did not apologize for their error and stated they would bring the correct food, which we no longer wanted at this point, in fear it would get spit in it, but it would take at least an hour for them to deliver it.  I asked her if she was going to just serve it to other people, at which time she hesitated and said no, but that wasn't very believable. Funny how she stated it would take an hour for them to deliver the correct food, because the driver showed up to pick up the wrong items within 15 minutes! I showed the driver my dumplings, which he looked mortified. I tried to give him them, which he would not take. After he left, we called the restaurant again for the refund. The woman got loud with me after asking for a refund for the dumplings because the entire order was not returned. We finally did get our refund in the end. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE! THE OWNER IS COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL and FOOD IS DIGUSTING! Will be posting a picture of the dumplings! Awful establishment!
