I had heard good things about this place.  We had friends coming into NYC for their honeymoon, and we decided to take them there for a celebratory dinner, since we weren't able to make the wedding.  We made a reservation that morning and reconfirmed it a few hours before, requesting (not expecting) a decent table since it was a special occasion. When we arrived, promptly at 8pm, we were told it would be a few minutes.  There's no where to wait except in the doorway.  About 15 minutes into waiting, we asked the host how much longer.  He told us we were next, and that he was just waiting for a table to finish up.  We watch that table finish, leave, be reset, and sit empty for a good five minutes why the host stood and talked to the bartender.  At 8:30pm, a half hour of standing at the door with a supposed 8pm reservation, I ask him if we can sit at our table.  He then tells me that the table is for someone else.  I tell him he told us 15 minutes ago we were next.  He said, "No, there's other people in front of you."  I remind him we had an 8pm reservation, it is now 8:30pm.  He tells me they don't take reservations for parties of 4.  I am really confused at this point.  I tell him not only did the restaurant take our reservation, they reconfirmed it just a few hours ago.  He insists no reservations for parties of four.  He says all this with complete indifference, unapologetic, almost belligerent.   He then continues, "Besides you were late."  I can assure you we got there at 8pm, not a minute later, in fact we made a joke about our promptness when we arrived.   I insisted we weren't, he insisted we were.  Trying to avoid a heated debate at this point, I tried to reason with him and say, "I don't want to fight with you, but you can see why I'd be frustrated right now.  We made a reservation, it's a special occasion for us, we have been waiting a half hour at the door, you tell us we are next, and now we are not."  His response, no joke, "Sometimes life's a bitch."   At this point I ask for a manager, he says he is the manager, his name is Piedro.  If I wasn't there with my friends and celebrating, that would have been my cue to walk out, but I did not want to ruin the night.  "When will our table be ready," I ask.  "It's ready," he says, and motions to the table that had been sitting empty all along.  I am baffled at the game he is playing at this point.  I call my friends over and we go sit, a table by the kitchen. It gets worse.   We order our food, and as my appetizer is placed in front of me and I pick up my fork, one of the assistant cooks comes out of the kitchen, eyes completely focused on me and my food with a smirk.  I am waiting for him to look somewhere else, but he is completely focused on me and my plate, no one else at my table.  It was completely awkward.  I finally take a bite, and he laughs and walks back in.  You can read into that however you want, but I waitered in restaurants for 8 years, and my instincts were telling me to put the fork down.  I'm not a paranoid person, I don't usually jump to conclusions, and I was starving.  But it was just way too obvious, this guy.  I pushed my plate away from me, and watch the manager walk back and forth, looking at my plate and me, and only me, waiting for me to bite into it.   Again, at this point I would have stormed out, but with friends in from town celebrating their week-old marriage I sat there quietly, boiling inside.  I was pretty sure my friends dishes were fine, as they served by table and seat number, and knew exactly who was getting what.  And there seemed to be no focus on them and their plates.  I quietly asked the waitress to cancel my entree.  I shared my boyfriend's. It's a shame one or two people can spoil not only a significant night, but a great restaurant.  The food I did taste from the other plates was really good.  And our waitress, who was completely oblivious to what was going on, was phenomenal.  Toward the end, she started realizing something was up, and did her best to diffuse the situation.  But it was too late. My Advice to Noodle Pudding:  The guy greeting patrons and playing host should  not have the grace and people skills of a DMV desk clerk.  And the tricks seemingly pulled by a few bad eggs could bring down your entire establishment.
