I have to say I was completely UNDERWHELMED by the food at Amanda. I would only give it one star but the white sangria was very tasty, and the free appetizer (tuna dip) was very yummy. These great starts really set me up for a huge let down once the tapas started rolling in. What I ordered: The shirred egg ($12) was disgusting, and looked like slop. It was basically an extremely runny scrambled egg with enough salt to cause a horse to have  a stroke! (Estelle's is much better) The Amada Empanada ($12) was mediocre,  I've had much better at other establishments.(Bar Ferdinand) Spicy Potatoes ($5) were also a huge disappointment. I was expecting something that actually looked like potatoes. They tasted like barbeque potato chips!! Seriously, I'm not kidding. You could go buy a bag of Herr's bar-b-q chips and have the same taste experience. I went with a large group of friends, so I also had the opportunity to try their dishes... The chick peas (garbanzo) dish ($6), tasted just like the spicy potatoes. And two bowls that were ordered went uneaten. The parmesan artichoke dish ($10) came out with a sauce that tasted like a fettuccini sauce out of a jar. The ham crochets ($6), also tasted like the spicy potatoes. The asparagus, egg dish ($11), forget about it, an egg white should never be that transparent!! The Baked Goat Cheese, Tomato Basil, Almonds dish ($8), was a bad attempt at lasagna filling (and I didn't taste any almond)! There were a couple of things that were ok. Nothing to make me want to go back for, but ok. The wild mushroom risotto ($12), and the bean salad. Also, the desserts are very good. Overall, I think they depend way too much on SALT!!!! Salt is not a spice, it should not be the overwhelming taste in your meals! Between 7 people in my group most of the food went uneaten. Because of taste, not quantity. I am glad we didn't go w/ the server's recommendation of 4 tapas per person. And speaking of the server, he is very lucky that a 20% tip was already included, because he was miserable! If you really have to go to Amada, I recommend going at happy hour, getting the white sangria and maybe the bean salad and dessert. And then heading somewhere else for dinner!!
