My wife and I went here to celebrate her birthday.  She made the reservation and was very excited to get what some would consider top shelf sushi in Manahattan.  After going over the menu we decided to get the 20 piece sushi omakase (10 pieces each).  HUGE MISTAKE!!!  We should have ordered multiple dinner specials off the menu to get more sushi for half the price.  This also would have enabled us to order some sashimi as well.  We told the waitress the types of fish we didn't want and off she went to have the chef make our sushi.  At every other sushi establishment I have been to the omakase would come round by round so we thought we would get the same service here.  Big mistake to assume we would get 10 servings of individual sushi with an explanation for each peice being served.  The waiter brings all 20 pieces on one plate and tells us what each piece is in broken English that we can't understand.  The plate was 10 different types of fish times two to make the 20 pieces.  Why ask each individual diner what their tastes are when you bring a standard plate for the table? My wife was so disappointed that the plate reflected my likes and none of hers.  Why note that you have 1.5 hours to enjoy your meal but serve the whole omakase in one shot in under 20 minutes?  If it makes a difference we were sitting at a table and not the sushi bar where the experience might have been different.  As soon as they placed the whole meal on the table I could see the disappointment in my wife's face and feel my wallet shrink as I paid $190 (with four drinks).  The one shot serving absolutely killed the experience knowing how much this was going to cost..  Don't get me wrong the fish is very good but I have never felt more ripped off during a meal before I even receive the bill. If you want a GREAT omakase experience I suggest Tanoshi Sushi Sake Bar on York between 73rd - 74th Street.  The place is a dump but the service and fish is some of the best Manhattan has to offer at a realistic price. Shame on Sushi Yasuda!!!
