One star with a large asterisk. The asterisk is on account of the owner. We met him as we were getting ready to leave. He seemed like a genuinely good guy who cared about the restaurant and his customers. He was going around the place, table to table asking people for feedback. He informed us that they are having a very hard time because they were not prepared for the high volume of customers coming in, so they didn't have adequate time to train the staff and get into a rhythm like he would have preferred. This is hardly a good excuse, because quite frankly, it wasn't that crowded, and telling someone you aren't prepared rarely sits well, but I respect that he had the gaul to offer it; therefor, I plan on going back in about a month or two because it has potential and it's always nice to see new places succeed in the area. Hopefully they get their act together.   So on to the review... Went to Fare last night with my girlfriend, and the entire operation was completely disorganized. The entire experience can be summed up with one word...waiting. We walked in and the hostess told us there were tables by the bar we could sit at as they had a lot of reservations that were going to be coming in, which was fine with us. We took our seats, and waited...and waited. After an awkwardly long wait, where we watched Fare's staff members running all around a random girl walked past our table and placed menus on our table and kept walking. Then we waited...and waited....and waited. A separate woman eventually came over after about 15 minutes and took our drink and food orders. She was nice enough I guess, but she left after taking our orders and not once for the remainder of our meal did she ask if either of us would like another drink. Then my girlfriends meal came out. And I waited, and waited and waited and counted 10 minutes. She ate the majority of what was served to her because I told her it was pointless to let it go cold while waiting for mine. After she was nearly done her meal my food came out with absolutely no apology or explanation. Additionally, the girl who brought our food was seperate from the girl who gave us menus and the girl who took our order. How many people does it take to wait on a table in a relatively small and uncrowded establishment on a Wednesday night? Weird. The food was ok but I'm not even sure. I was so mad by the time it came out I wasn't even paying attention. The side of potatoes that came with my meal was barely cooked. For what it's worth, my girlfriend had the caramelized onion soup with grilled cheese, which she loved. But when we were both finished, it was back to the waiting game. We waited forever for our check, and then once we paid, as expected, we waited again for our change. So like I said, I'll give them another chance, and hopefully they get it together because it has potential, but they have a LONG way to go in terms of service.
