From the outside Roberta's doesn't look like much but once inside it is very cozy and lively. The atmosphere is chill and hip. There is a tent in the backyard that has a bar and a stove keeping the place  warm. This is where you go to wait until your table is ready. For me this place is either a hit or miss. The first time I came was on a Sunday morning for brunch and I absolutely fell in love with the place. I had the sweet bun and some pumpkin french toast which was delicious. I found myself craving those french toast one day so my boyfriend and I went back for a second time but they change the menu every so often and they didn't have them anymore. I got the margarita pizza instead which is okay... nothing crazy... a little too burnt for my taste, it definitely overpowered the rest of the ingredients on the pizza. Not too long ago, I went back to Roberta's with six other friends for a birthday celebration. We called to make a reservation but they don't take reservations which is absolutely crazy. We didn't know what to expect so we went anyways around 9 pm and were told the wait would be about an hour. We sat in the tent in the yard having drinks for an hour and half before the hostess finally came outside and called our parties name. I find this system to be ridiculous and unreliable. At this point it was 10:30 pm and we were all starving and cold. We ordered our food (almost everyone ordered a pizza), which took about another 30-40 minutes to come. By now everyone was just exhausted of waiting and it didn't help that we had to sit on a hard, wobbly bench that wasn't comfortable at all. Everyone had different opinions on the food, I found the pizza to be even more burnt then the last time I had it. It was ok but definitely not worth a 2 hour wait. Since it was my friend's birthday, they brought out a dessert with candles and we sang happy birthday. Everyone had a piece of the dessert which we all agreed was disgusting. Overall Roberta's is okay but just seems all over the place and the staff are arrogant. The food is way overpriced and not worth what we paid. After my last visit I became very unenchanted with this place. I would recommend going for brunch but not dinner... unless you plan on waiting 2+ hours to eat.
