My family and I were frequent shannon rose patrons. We enjoyed the place from the beginning, introducing it to many of our friends and family. The pub was a place for our celebrations, date nights and when we just needed to get out for a bite to eat. It is, however with great sadness that I must write this review-- and its honestly to just spare the rest of the people who are considering this place for any of the previous things I mentioned, the disappointment.     Perhaps I was brought up in a world where technology didnt play such a major role in everyday life. Maybe I am just a firm believer that the greatest way to maintain and grow a business is with the development of personal relationships. This does not mean that when people are sitting at the bar its acceptable to sit there on your Iphone and ignore the customers. On top of creating relationships and ignoring your latest fad mobile device, actually paying attention to the customer is probably the best way to keep them coming back! I am usually not the type of person to complain about individuals, but this really did bother me because we used to have such a great time at the Shannon Rose. We had to constantly flag down the female bartender- to refill our drinks, give us our silverware to eat the food we ordered and we had to ask for the salt, pepper and ketchup. The very rude bartenders only skill seemed to be the ability to flip her long hair, roll her eyes and leave chunks of ice in my wifes martini. Even her other bar guests were disgruntled to say the least. I wish during this visit I asked to speak to the manager because Ed and Mike are usually more than accommodating- I just cant see how this employee passed the interview process; It seemed like both managers had such high standards for their employees. If they continue to hire employees like this, there will be no more regulars at the bar- because I for one, will NOT be returning. I guess it is really true what they say.. all good things must come to an end.
