What an embarrassment. First off, I'm well aware that the just opened (in fact, it's been pointed out to me by several waitresses every time they screwed up something, but that's another story). I understand that with a new place, there are obviously going to be SOME kinks but there's a general expectation that there's going to be at least some sense of order and reasonable food.  This, unfortunately, is not the case. I have now been there for dinner and happy hour and can honestly say, both times were abysmal, at best. First off, dinner-last Sunday around 4:30 pm for a party of 6.  We walked in and asked to be seated.  After some confusion because we didn't have a reservation (didn't realize you needed one for a half empty restaurant on a late sunday afternoon?), we were seated.  A waitress came by and took our drink order.  Came back a few minutes later and a few people ordered apps.  About 20 minutes later we got the original round of drinks and apps came shortly after. All in all, not too bad so far.  It then took about an hour to get our main dishes (all the while, the waitress barely came by).  When dinner finally came out, EVERY SINGLE ORDER was screwed up.  3 steaks which were ordered medium or medium rare were all well overdone, none of the sides were right either.  When someone said something, the waitress reminded us that they were new.  Apparently, when you just open a restaurant, there's an unwritten law that allows you to screw up orders left and right without any penalty whatsoever.  I'm a fairly easy going person and rarely ever send food back but when I pay $24 for a steak and it comes out like rubber, I send it back.  After someone mentioned the fact that it took an hour for our food to come out screwed up, the waitress apparently talked to the manager and offered us all dessert on the house.  Seeing as how everyone was from a crossfit gym, no one was really interested in dessert (not their fault for not knowing this, i understand).  In any manner, we had the manager come out and someone talked to him, explained how unacceptable the situation was and also that they had been to the location in Nutley many times and enjoyed it (although I'm hearing conflicting stories as to whether or not the two places are affiliated?).  To his credit, he apologized and took half off our entrees and got us a round of drinks on the house.  For that, I am appreciative and this is the ONLY reason i'm giving 2 stars.... Fast forward to Friday.  My company works in the area and everyone's been looking for a new happy hour spot for a while so a bunch of people wanted to go.  I really really wanted things to be different and hoped that maybe some of the kinks were worked out but no, that was not the case.  Apparently happy hour runs from 3-6 which is the first major ding.  Being in the center of a huge industrial/corporate area, there's huge potential to drive patrons to your place but when the majority of people get out of work between 5 and 6, this kind of happy hour just doesn't make sense. When we showed up, the place was busy but not overly packed-bar was full but when i counted 7 bartenders behind there, i figured everything was fine.  It, of course was not.  Watching the scene behind the bar for 5 minutes makes you realize just what a lack of organization this place has.  I have to give the bartenders credit-it's not like they weren't trying but no one seemed to have a clue what was going on and there was clearly no one in charge.  There weren't enough registers and none of them appeared to even have a section.  They all just kept bumping into each other making drinks and didn't really appear to be helping anyone.  I waited 15 minutes at one point to try and put a food order in.  When the bartender did get to me, it was 6.:05  (i did mention to her i wanted to put a food order in 10 minutes prior as i stood there) She told me that the specials had ended and the apps would be full price.  I asked even since i stood her for 15 minutes trying to give you my order? I'm not trying to be an ass but it kinda pissed me off that I've been to bars in which half as many bartenders take care of as many or more people without a problem.   She did end up giving me the discounted app when i told her i wasn't going to order anything if it was full price but again, while being accommodating is appreciated, it wouldn't have been a problem in the first place if the restaurant had their $hit together.   Overall, I'm extremely disappointed with the 2 experiences i had here and don't really see it getting much better.  It's unfortunate that a place with so much potential can be this poorly organized... Unless they make some MAJOR changes quickly, this place will go out of business like every other restaurant that's been in that building.  Maybe it's cursed...
