Really bad for groups and hostess is less than accommodating. Last night I was meeting a group of unknown size at Devils Alley.  I had picked the restaurant for a new student meet-up, not because the food is spectacular, but its decent and the atmosphere tends to be very relaxed.   When I explained our group to the host, she explained that she could not seat us until we know how large our group was and were mostly present.  She was unwilling to provide us with a table or more-defined area to wait, instead very heavily pushing (with more of an attitude than i cared for) that we go to the upstairs bar, making it harder for us to recognized people as they arrived.  Once a small group of us had gotten together, we went back downstairs and asked to be seated.  She sat the four of us on a wall table in a nearly-empty restaurant.  Shortly after three more arrived. The Host returned and said to me in a very hostile tone, "This is why i asked you if it was just four.  Now I have to pull from another servers section and it's going to be a problem."  We were surrounded by empty tables. She could have just as easily have asked us to move to another one. Alternatively, knowing the situation, she could have placed at a different table in a servers section where there was additional room just in case.  There was no reason for the lecture or any attitude from the moment we walked in the door. I've worked in the food service industry for five years.  I know how growing groups can be inconvenient. At the same time, I quickly learned that when hosting you need to plan for change and be a bit more flexible.  No one had to tell me to not talk to a customer that way.  We did speak to a manager who seemed to care very little about the issue.  He did not apologize, he simply said we wouldn't be met with more hostility but the atmosphere had already become a little tense. The rest of the service was fine, but i don't think i will be returning to Devils Alley any time soon.  God forbid I actually enjoy my experience that time and want to bring in more business by inviting another person to join
