10+ years turning rocks over looking for decent places to eat around Hartford, and this is it.  As good as any place anywhere (and I am a Eurosnob). What we had for our anniversary dinner: Cocktails -  some kind of bloody mary, bohemian sidecar Apps - Fennel & Apple Soup, Barley Risotto Main - CT Lamb 3 Ways, Crispy Duck Dessert - Cheese Plate, Cookies & Milk, Espresso The decor / atmosphere is great.  The front room (bar) is spacious but cozy with exposed brick and wood beams.  The middle room has a bit of a cold atmosphere (don't get seated there, near kitchen and bathrooms) and the back room is elegant with gas fireplace, wooden wineracks and ladder covering one entire wall, exposed brick, etc. Service is attentive but not intrusive.   The drinks:  innovative cocktails.  Wife's bloody mary was like a spicy chewy soup, great. The CT lamb... did you see the movie Ratatouille?  Where the evil guy sheds a tear over his plate because it reminds him of his mommy?  Tear-inducing first bite of the lamb confit... blast to some idyllic village somewhere... the other 2 ways (shoulder, one other) also excellent but confit was insane.  Mrs. Mungo's duck dish was accompanied by carrots and parsnips and some kind of stuffing.  Too sweet for me but happy for her.   For dessert, she had a cleaner than clean, whiter than white, vanilla milkshake with 3 homemade cookies (choc chip, pistachio, gingerbread).  I had the cheese plate.  I have scoured French and Swiss villages cheesing my way through the world, and "Houligan" is one of the best cheeses I have ever tasted.  These 4 cheeses (all great) served with honeycomb honey... ridiculous.  Espresso was good. By the way, wines by the glass were fresh (not vinegary like in most restaurants these days) and the correct temperature.  (Red Zin and a Pinot Noir). Long story short:  if you are a food snob and tired of the same old lame Hartford area options, you will not regret this.  Total check with tip was a hair over $200 and worth every penny and more.
