NOTE:The following is primarily a review of the service, attitude, and overall "vibe" of Westville. If I were rating the quality of the food it would be a four or five star affair. However, as a frequent meal eater(as many as 3 times daily!)I feel it is my duty to inform the public about the indigestible aspects of the Westville experience. The dining experience at Westville can be summed up with the slogan "The discomforts of comfort food." For the record, I am a longtime Westville patron. Each bite holds the flavors and nostalgia of a home-cooked meal where you always earn your dessert by eating every last vegetable. I have been to both Westville in the West Village and Westville East several times over. Both places (especially the West Village location)are a wee bit larger than your average paper bag, and usually you end up with people loitering around you eye balling your table as you choke down your broccoli rabe with a swig of your freshly uncorked bottle of wine. Tonight I decided to give the 18th street location a whirl, the newest addition to the Westville family tree. Size wise it is definitely the papa bear of the family. Unfortunately, while trying to enjoy the delicious meals in front of us, the waitstaff were constantly afoot, clearing plates with vegetables so new they practically were still coming out of the ground. Before even puncturing the first bite with our forks the waitress had returned, asking how the food was as her eyes darted around for anything to clear. I had the displeasure of facing the main sprawl, so I could see all the huffy workers whispering about how long we had been eating there and how much joy we seemed to possess in our souls. There were about 6 people trying to push us along so that they could seat a new crop of anxious diners that had arrived. I am sorry but congratulations for having a delicious AND popular restaurant! With 3 constantly crammed locations! I feel very bad for you in this booming economy. As a passionate eater and appreciator of all things local, I find it more than irritating to be treated like dirt while being a seated, paying customer. We ordered appetizers, a bottle of wine, entrees, dessert, and coffee and were literally scoffed at for wanting to finish our bottle of wine. We overheard one bitchy waiter sneer to another " They've been here a f-ing hour!" I have not felt so rejected during a dining experience since I sneaked a pack of junior mints into the school library in sixth grade. And that was because they feared chocolate smears would ruin the books! Westville, what's your excuse?
