I went with a crew from my office to try out tres carnes and see if the hype met the reality. As we walked towards the place we immediately smelled the amazing bbq smoke which drew us in. The line wasn't bad like we heard about earlier in the day but we got there supposedly on later side of lunch at 3pm. Now onto the setup: - it's a small place that used to be a crappy pizza joint so major improvement - they seemed overstaffed and like they were trying to figure out portion sizes as they went as there was a manager commenting on each step of the line process - you have a choice of filling a burrito, two tacos, or a bowl for about $9 - there's a couple of rices and beans for options but the meats are the bread and butter of this place. Each meat is smoked by the ex-salt lick guy (I'm from austin and this place was our cathedral until franklin's) - I had a brisket bowl over romaine and spinach and pinto beans - they have 4 hot sauces and sour cream and I opted for the green tomatillo sauce which is their medium. I didn't get sour cream because I wanted to taste the meat and I also opted out of the radishes, cheese, and pickled onions which were at end of the line - they literally ran out of guac after serving me a side of it so a few of my office mates were annoyed - no beer cocktails yet which is on their menu The food was so good. Smoked flavor on the brisket was amazing. The green salsa and a fresh squeezed lime complimented the meat in my bowl and made the flavors come out even more. The guac was extremely fresh, creamy and had the perfect amount of salt. Chips were ok but definitely not made in house. Pros: place is an amazing upgrade from the pizza joint. The food was amazing. I didn't have a drink because I wanted to try a beer cocktail but someone I came with had the apple cucumber drink and they said it was awesome. Cons: since brand new, they need to work out the kinks and figure out how much food they'll need for their peak times so they don't run out but I'll be back. Also no beer license yet and according to the worker, it will be a few weeks
