The maitre d' told me that Amis is modeled after a 'Roman Trattoria' and tries to create an authentic Roman dining experience.   I had dinner there with my husband, who is from Rome, and from a restaurant and cafe owning family in Rome.  We were excited at the idea of having an authentic Roman style restaurant in Philly, since my husband misses his native cuisine terribly.Deep disappointment after eating at Amis.   First of all, nothing about the environment at Amis remotely resembles any resataurant we have seen in Rome.   Because of the 'specialty' nature of the place, I could overlook the inflated prices of classic Roman street food, like arancini (fried rice, meat, and cheese balls).   The pecorino plate was tasty, except for the hair my husband found in the honey glaze.  The polpo (octopus) antipasto was almost inedible--the octopus rounds were gummy and tasteless, and the olive oil marinade was at best greasy and oversalted.  The carciofi alla giudia (Jewish style fried artichokes) were ok, overdone on the ends. Hard to compare to the ones his grandmother makes for us when we visit Rome.  Fried scamorza came in one sad little slice, laughably priced at $10.  My husband choked on that one.   I got the famous gnocchi with oxtail ragu, and could not understand why gnocchi--which, in Rome,  are lovingly shaped into small knobs every Thursday and draped in velvety tomato sauce --arrived at the table looking like a distorted pile of polenta, two melted slabs covered with bony ragu.  The texture was smooth and buttery, sumptuos to be sure, but without any of that glorious springy texture that the best gnocchi should have, and with a sauce that was hardly memorable, if only, again, oversalted.  My husband had the abbacchio (roasted lamb with potatoes).  It arrived unceremoniously on a plain white plate, meat and potatoes strewn together, the simple presentation and average quality of the meat being possibly the only authentically Roman elements of the whole meal. All of this accompanied by presumably house made rosemary foccaccia, served cold in a tin pan.  They would be better off with plain old bread, which Romans can't live with out, and can't get enough of when dining out. Wine: we took a carafe of both the house white and the house red at $20 each, enough for two glasses of each.  The white was drinkable, the red not so much. We paid and got out of there as quickly as possible, then walked three blocks to Tria to have a few glasses of truly good wine and tasty olives, and tried to forget about the $150 we had shelled out for a very mediocre meal.
