On Saturday night, a group of 8 went to Xochitl to celebrate one person's birthday.  The atmosphere was pleasant enough but practically everything else fell short.  It took nearly 45 minutes from the time we sat down to receive our appetizers, and the restaurant wasn't at capacity. The Huarache de Hongos (mushroom flatbread) was pretty good, but you can find much better versions at several restaurant throughout the city, especially Amada.  The Short Rib Tamale was tasty unless the short rib was overcooked as was the birthday boy's order.  The guacamole was pretty good; however, it lacked appeal as there was a rather small portion and it wasn't made tableside.  The Queso Fundido had good qualities but was super greasy. Onto the entrees where almost everyone was disappointed.  The Camarones Con Caldo (shrimp entree) was overpriced and uncomfortable to eat.  There were 5 jumbo shrimp and some still had pieces of shell on.  The plantain cake underneath was unflavorful and didn't work with the shrimp.  The accompanying avocado salad seemed like an afterthought.  For $28 it was a clear disappointment.  The Seared NY Strip would have been great, but the person who ordered it did not want the chile steak sauce, when it came out, the steak was smothered in it.  Two others ordered chicken tacos, but then receive pork tacos.  The biggest problem was with the Red Snapper which the person loved, but as she was eating it she found a decently sized sharp glass/thick plastic piece in her mouth.  The host came over and apologized, got a new order, and didn't make her pay for her entree....ONLY her entree with the glass/plastic piece in it. With the disappointment of the food, no one decided to get dessert, however we ordered 3 coffees.  A fourth one was brought out which I enjoyed, but all the coffees were well below usually serving temperature.  I actually enjoy my coffee already cooled, but my other party members do not. All in all, I wish I could have told the host all the problems as Xochitl had just reopened but unfortunately, or fortunately, I had lost my voice the day before and nobody else in my party would speak up.  I do hope that Xochitl fixes clear problems with its menu and stays focused on consistently putting out high quality meals as our meals fell well short.
