I have been a long time fan of the New Haven location and, living around the corner, I was psyched when I saw that a Prime 16 was moving in close to me. Unfortunately, this location is nothing like the New Haven location. First, the service is typically very slow. Second, you have 30 taps. Every time I have been to this place, at a minimum, you are out of at least 3 or more of the handful I actually am interested in, but they are still on the board. Third, the vast majority of draught beers are overpriced and served in tiny snifters, I do not care about the rare Zymatore you were "hooked up with" from B. United. Those are not that rare or interesting and usually every one of your competitors have been offered those same beers and turned them down. I want to see a selection of beers that are accessible and enjoyable at a competitive price. Fourth, I do not want to wait 45 minutes to finally be served a beer in a 6 ounce snifter you claim is larger than it is of beer which has happened all but the last time (which will be it for me) I have been there. Fifth, your beer board is hard to read. How about a paper list of your beers? Put an X next to the ones that are almost kicked and add an *inquire with our server about recently tapped beers at the bottom of the piece of paper. That works very well for every other beer bar and brewpub in the state. You are first a beer bar and second a place that serves some cheap and decent burgers. There is another place that has an almost identical menu down the block from you who has half as many taps, but most of them are more interesting than what you are offering, reasonably priced, and the people serving the beer actually know what it is they are serving. Your beer manager either does not care or does not have a clue about your clientele. How about adding some Connecticut beers besides for Two Roads? I should not be seeing better selections of local beers at places like Uno's and The Tilted Kilt. This place is a waste of time and will not last under its current management because the food is also usually cold and/or overly greasy and tastes like it has been sitting around for a while. How sad considering how great the New Haven location is.
