My husband and I were invited to dinner here as a thank you present from a friend, and after reading various online reviews we were quite intrigued to see what lay in store for us in the kitchens of Scarpetta. Upon arrival we were greeted by somewhat surly hostesses who couldn't seem to locate our reservation, but once they had, we were led to our table, seated and greeted by a very smiley waiter who asked us if there was anything we'd like to drink. I ordered a G&T and was very happy, when it arrived, and the waiter poured it into my glass, that there was more G than T. That always puts me in a good mood! It took us all a while to decide upon what we were going to have, but in the end, my husband took the polenta fricassee of truffed mushrooms for a starter, and I had the scallops. Before they arrived we were given a bread basket and a selection of 3 different dips. The lemon oil was amazingly good, as was the bread, and we sat there thinking, "Good, this looks promising.". Then, the starters came. Whilst I was not expecting the world from my scallops and was not at all disappointed in them, probably due to that fact, my husband's mushroom goop was another matter. The polenta was thick and gunky, the flavour rather bland and the mushrooms could have been cooked by anyone with a little bit of mushroom chopping, butter melting, frying-pan-cooking knowledge. A little disheartened, but ever hopeful, we awaited our main courses: the (infamous) basil & tomato spaghetti for my hub and the cavatelli braised rabbit, parsnips & mint for me. After all the hype regarding the spaghetti we had expected some ground-breaking pasta sauce set to make you weak at the knees and beg the chef for mercy, what we got was something that I - without sounding presumptious - could rustle up in two seconds flat, and have much more flavour and depth to it. My rabbit pasta was fine, but that was all I could say about it, it was also pretty bland and devoid of spices or herbs that really managed to set it off. The desserts were better than the rest of the food and we were all pretty happy with those, as we also were with the wines that our hostess ordered. I'm very sorry to say, after having been so excited to go to Scarpetta and expecting to be given a really wonderful culinary experience, we both came away thinking that if we'd been paying the bill (the prices are not cheap of course) we would not have been remotely happy. As it was, we got a free meal and were left thinking that we are, in fact, a lot better chefs than this guy and feel quite proud of our own culinary skills.
