This past Saturday I attended a dinner party at Hudson Clearwater. The ambiance was west village trendy and charming. Our party was sat in a timely manner, but that is the most I can say to their credit. The food was generally well received by our party. However, the poor service was apparent from the very beginning of the meal when I requested a cup of tea, which I didn't receive until the very end of the meal, even though I had repeatedly reminded each of our servers. We hadn't ordered desert yet when they informed us that there was another party reserved for our table and we would need to leave soon. I have been to my share of fine restaurants over the years, throughout New York and overseas and have never heard this before! This wasn't Mother's day, Valentines day, or some holiday for example, when you might possibly expect that to happen. In fact, the entire party was taken by surprise. At the very least, might they have mentioned this to us before we were seated? From the beginning, we had ordered and eaten promptly as the food arrived, there wasn't any loitering on our part. We were in no way a loud or rambunctious group, (a bunch of middle aged people and their adult children). Before we were able to finish desert we were told again they must prepare for the next reservation, but as a consolation, we may finish our drinks in the garden, (I should also mention that it was a chilly evening and there were no heaters in the garden). We settled the bill and politely moved to the garden. We had not been in the garden but 10 minutes when we were told that the garden would now be closing, as they close it each evening at a certain time, so as not to disturb the neighbors. If this wasn't such an upsetting experience, I would say that it was laughable! The three most important aspects that make a good restaurant are food, service, and ambiance. When it comes to Hudson Clearwater, the food may not be the best you ever had, (that is to say, considering that your server even remembers to bring it to you). In fact, you may not even have time to finish your meal at all. But if you're looking for an unprofessional and uncomfortable dining experience, this place gets it just right.
