I have never been more disgusted in a restaurant in my entire life. I am from out of town, & I am here on business in Newington Connecticut. I am writing this review, something that I never do, due to the fact the food I received from there after spending  $32, was completely unclean, dirty and slimy. I have no idea what I have ingested in my body. Still, I did not ask for a refund. I guess I was hoping for some type of a professional conclusion, which I did not get mind you. The bread was so hard I could not break it to even enjoy it, I asked for ziti, got spaghetti, which is really no big deal, the sauce was very bland, but I didn't need to eat that part of it. I had also gotten chicken marsala. That chicken was nice and tender, however I believe they forgot to add any marsala to it. It tasted like chicken with brown gravy and mushrooms. I ate a quarter of a piece of chicken. So I move on to my salad. The tomatoes where the best part. Every time I took a bite of the greens, it tasted like I was eating dirt from the ground. I could not figure out why. Then I noticed black stuff on my hands where I was holding the fork and knife where I had cut my salad up. So I start picking through it. I find black slimy stuff on my greens I can't figure out what it is. However it looks like slug slime. It didn't even wash off my hands I had to actually rub it off. I call the restaurant, and get told that my salad was free with my meal so there is nothing they will do about it, their money is in the safe, their delivery driver has gone home, and everything is put away, oh and by the way, they did me a favor delivering to me because they close at nine and I was there last delivery. However, I called at 830. My food didn't even get here until 920. That is what I was told. No refund what do I expect my salad is free, and they did me a favor. Word of mouth people. Word of mouth spreads fast and seeing as how my company gives this hotel a very lot of business there now pulling your menus from there take out menus that they give to their customers. I do believe the person I spoke to was Jason, that very unqualified, uneducated, non management material of a person with no customer service skills whatsoever. However the delivery driver was very nice. That's the only thing I have good to say about this place. I no longer want to eat my pizza, my meal or anything else but I am now out $32.00. if I was able to give this place negative in front of the stars, I would put 5.
