For the life of me, I simply cannot understand why this is a near five star eatery. Honestly I can't. I see so many reviews of this so called "friendly staff" yet when we went there, the service was subpar, the food was anything but reflective of the reviews that are in this page. And our waiter, a giant Sasquatch looking invalid with a balding head, in serious need of a topet, was so incredibly rude to us, that I was seriously contemplating chewing him out for being such a jerk to our party! I wasn't sure if I should have educated this guy on his lack of food service skills or place a tracking tag on him because I honestly thought this guy was the missing link. Oversized physical features and overall Neanderthal like behavior? He would have convinced me. First off the wait time is unacceptable. Normally I wouldn't mind the wait time for being so long in a "classy" Italian eatery, but the thing is that we made reservations a week before the day we went. And we arrived early! So that was kind of a downer there Next was our schlep of a waiter, aka Sasquatch ( I'll be referring him to "Sassy" throughout the remainder of the review) was waiting people who were right next to us. Which isn't a problem if it wasn't for the fact that we were seated first, way before they were. And this invalid saw it! In fact this guy wasn't even waiting on them! He was just talking to them for a good 15 minutes while other people were starving! In my mind I was saying "Hey buddy, remember us?" I guess this imbecile wasn't aware of the first come first serve principle. Again he wasn't very bright, I shouldn't have expected much from him at this point. I will say that the asisting are very attentive and the one we had was very nice. I think THAT GUY should have waited on us. More so than the cretin we got. I will say that the apitizers we ordered weren't terrible. They were decent, the sea food salad was fresh and the fried Calimari was pretty good. The Risoto wasn't anything to write home about but overall it wasn't to terrible. And I kinda liked how the made a potato basket for the fried calimari. That was pretty nice. The main course it's self was pretty underwhelming. The gnocchi was ok I guess. But for the reviews that I have read, I was expecting something a little more than just OK. The mashed potatoes that came with the Osso Buco was bland, as were the potatoes that came with the Rack of Lamb that my friend ordered. Speaking of the rack of lamb, the dish came to us cold! Honestly, how do you serve Rack of Lamb at a luke warm temperature? The Osso Buco was pretty flavorful, I will give it that and when the lamb did come back, it was also pretty good. So the meat dishes we had were fine. Gnocchi was, eh. Now I will partially take back something I said earlier. The assisting staff is pretty attentive and friendly, well everyone save for Sassy. But I won't get into that now. The asisting waiting staff was very friendly. They were very attentitve to us when we were running out of water, coming back periodically to fill up our glasses, the man who brought out our food was very friendly and helpful in explaining each dish to us and how it was prepared. Dunno how "fresh" the ingredience were but the guy was very nice. So it wasn't all too bad. Overall, I can't give this place a five star review. Not even a four star one. I'm giving it a two review because even though the food wasn't TERRIBLE, I expected a little more than just OK when I saw the prices for some of these dishes as well as the reviews on yelp. I can't in good conscience give this place any higher than this because in all seriousness, this comes off more like an over glorified version of the Olive Garden. And not to trash Olive Garden, I like them. But I was expecting a little more than that. Again the asisting staff was friendly and very nice, the man that broughout our food was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice and quaint. And I would have given this a higher and more pleasant review if it wasn't for our RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL waiter. (Yes I am talking to YOU sassy) and in all honesty the resteraunt its self wasn't too bad. It was pretty much that one miscrient, that one imbisilic dullard, that dunce and RUDE cretin of a waiter, who couldn't even tell the difference between hot and cold if it was staring at him in black and white that really took our expereince down a huge notch. And I probably would NOT have been this scathing if it was for this one guy. The one but IMPORTANT downside that knocked this review down a notch was Sassy. Our cro magnon waiter that I could have sworn was the missing link both in physical appearance and in manerisms. Seriously guys, if I were you I would get rid of Sassy here. This guy is the KISS OF DEATH and he is going to be your downfall. Kick this asinine individual to the curb post haste.
