This was our first time at Anastasio;s. It was a little odd dining experience. It is a small very open dining room so it can be very loud. Right off the bat one of the most annoying things was having take out  customers dressed in their beach clothing sitting and standing near the hostess desk. Listening to complaining about how long of a wait (hour plus) they had for take out pick up. To make matters worse the food service was slow, as a table near us was complaining to us that they had been waiting an hour for their food! They were approached several times with the offer of free drinks and apologies. The take out customer received a free app but if she was correct she should have been offered more. The dining room was not busy at all so it was a little odd that the 5 or 6 take out orders could throw a kitchen off by that much? The other annoying and health code violation thing was the cabana boy from the beach club who came into the restaurant for an order with no shoes and beach sand all over his feet walking around the entry and restaurant. It was ignored by the staff. It was disgusting and is a health code violation for a reason! It is a very small restaurant so  to make it a more enjoyable experience for the sit down diners that are looking for some kind of "dining experience" the management should really have their  take out customers wait for their orders in the lobby where there's plenty of seating with the statues. :) So they're not gawking at you while you're trying to eat your expensive meal. And here's a hint for the manager, your wait station for napkin folding and doggy bags and such should have a partition around it so we don't have to watch this activity while we're trying to enjoy a night out . It was just a little "campy" like being in a Ponderosa Steak House Restaurant. Figure out who you are a campy place, casual, rustic chic, beachy convenient?  But, don't try to be a little bit  of everything it just doesn't work. As for the food it was pretty damn good! Steak was awesome tasty, tender and cooked to perfection. The calamari app was not my cup of tea... too thick like x large rubber bands and the "special" calamari with peppers was just sliced cherry peppers thrown around on it. Where was my garlic,  lemon white wine sauce to make it have some Rhode Island flavor?? My husband loved the bread though! We will definitely go back some day but not for the ambience or great experience but for the good steak!  This ship needs a captain!!
