We went to Casa Mono for my girlfriend's birthday on Friday night.  Since we had no reservations, we were only able to sit on the counter which made it quite hard to have a conversation.  Since I sat close to the kitchen, it was really annoying to keep on getting bumped by the waiters.  Plus I was annoyed that the servers constantly kept on shoving the white wine into ice right in front of use. Overall the food was pretty good.  It was good in the sense that it tasted good, but not good in the sense that it was authentic Spanish food.  I've tried plenty of Spanish restaurants, and this definitely does not taste Spanish at all.  For starters, there were no Sangrias, which I've seen throughout plenty of restaurants.  Second there was no paella, another Spanish staple.  The lighting was pretty dark, which made it pretty hard to see what you were eating.  After using the Flashlight app in my phone, I've noticed that some of the food we ordered was overcooked.  However the wine list was really good, probably one of the better ones I've seen.  I wasn't terribly impressed with the staff either.  I expected to have Spanish speaking waiters to ask questions about the menu (since the menu listed plenty of Spanish speaking terms).  Given that I speak Spanish, I asked the waiter for the specifics on a specific word on the menu, and all I got was a pretty vague answer that I could have deduced myself. Regarding the food, these are the dishes we ordered: -  Pumpkin and Goat Cheese Croquetas: - Sardinas Fritas: it was good, but it wasn't very flavorful compared to other ones I've tried. - Razor Clams a la Plancha: clam shells were all broken. - Tripe and Chickpeas with House-Made Morcilla: the morcilla was way overcooked.  Typically you can taste the morcilla.  This tasted more like eating chorizos. -  Rabbit with Anticuchos and Habanero Cuajada: the habanero yogurt sauce was pretty good. - Chorizo with Spring Beans and Aged Manchego: didn't like it overall. - Grilled Oyster mushrooms: some of them were burnt. Overall, this place is great to bring a date, or if you are a fan of Spanish fushion food.  If you are looking for an authentic Spanish restaurant, I'd suggest somewhere else.
