Planning my birthday dinner for my close friends and family was easy; I just needed to call and make a reservation at Cuban Pete's during the times they requested on their website. This was about last Thurs, 7/27. I called to make a reservation for Sun, 8/5 and was told to leave a message for Dominick (Owner) that day, I was told he would call me back. The weekend passed by and still no phone call, I called again on Mon, 7/30 and still had to leave another message for Dominick. My friend, who previously had her party here, also called that same Mon, 7/30 and was told she could only leave a message since Dominick wasn't available. She asked the hostess what good would a message left do if the Owner wont return her phone call, she sucked her teeth & then hung up on my friend! on Tues, 7/31 my co-worker called, very nonchalantly and spoke with a hostess named Tana. She quickly took down my co-worker's info and made a reservation or me on the selected date and time I needed. She asked that all parties be available when being seated otherwise I would be skipped & would have to wait for another spot to open. Excited that I had FINALLY got my reservation I mass texted all my friends about my upcoming event. Not even 24 hours after making the reservation, I get a call from a hostess at the restaurant telling me that per Dominick my reservation would need to be canceled since they overbooked. No apology. I asked if they could move the reservation to another time that same day, she said "we're overbooked all day!". I asked to speak with the Owner himself to express my dissatisfaction at the level of service, the hostess said he was unavailable and I could leave a message for him. In a nut shell, Cuban Pete's is a restaurant run by an absent & neglectful Owner named Dominick, the hostesses cannot do anything else but leave messages for the absentee Owner Dominick and no matter what you do, you'll NEVER get a secured reservation because they can always cancel it at anytime. Thankfully, I have made other plans for my birthday this Sunday, a very good restaurant where my money & my friends and family's money is a good as anyone else's. I will NEVER give these arrogant and self centered people any of my business!
