Loved, Loved, Loved! It has a cool vibe, that has a trippy diner feel, it's kept dark and it's cozy.  The service was great, and the place was sparkling clean. The server cautioned that this is not American Mexican and guided us through the menu. There were 6 of us and we each got something different. Everyone at the table  loved everything, the Short Rib sandwich was a stand out for me and there is this salad with corn and while it looks typically, it's so freaking good that I cant wait to go back and have that again.  The Churros for desert are NOT to be missed-trust me you have never had Churros like these before! The drinks are all homemade, meaning they squeeze all of the juices, no mixes here.  Be prepared to experience cocktails like never before! We had a pitcher of Grapefruit slushy Margarita-, yum,yum. The cute little blonde Manager, Danielle  came over often to make sure we were enjoying our meal and drinks.  Later she took us to their secret   Prohibition  type bar, you access it down a flight of stairs and through the kitchen, or you can go in through an alleyway with a barely marked door, and if you don't know what to look for you don't know it;s there. The bar is a  really sexy, dark and mysterious place and while it wasn't open when we were there, she explained how it "works" .  They only accept a certain amount of people, no standing around the bar, and if you find your way there and are denied entrance they will call you when there is an opening-really cool.. The bartender (mixologist?) makes drinks all from scratch and has a bartenders choice, she'll ask you what you like and don't like in a cocktail, and make you a custom  beverage based on your answers. Sounds like a lot of fun.  The day we were there there was a diner that stopped by our table, after hearing that we were from out of town, dropping our daughter off to College.  She is a local Librarian and offered her opinion of the restaurant, She said she is a regular there and comes often to dine on the outstanding food and to  soak in the local flair.  She spoke very highly of the place and of Danielle, the manager .  She gave my daughter her card and offered her services if she needed any help with school and if we wanted to know the best places to shop ect... Wow this place rocks and so does their patrons!
