Stay FAR away from this restaurant, unless you are a sadist and want to suffer the same treatment that my family did today (Easter Sunday 4-24-11). The event (a holiday brunch) was poorly planned... I have dined at Elaine's for years but never suffered this nonsense- so many tables in the banquet room, we literally had no way to get to our seats! I had to request that the tables be pulled apart a little so that we could sit down... But, that was the EASY part! When the brunch 'started', suddenly there was a line 150-175 people long!! No, I'm NOT kidding! I had NO idea that this was to be the setup... In previous Easters, they were sane enough to realize the impossibility of that, and had a brunch on one side and an a la carte menu on the other. I don't think that was such a problem, altho I never experienced it- I participated in the a la carte service... Bottom line- NO provisions were made for handicapped people. My dad is elderly and can't stand in a line 45 minutes long to get his food, but in my opinion, NOONE else should have to either! As my party was separated - some went to wait in the long line, while I stayed with the parents, trying to negotiate something with the staff to help my dad get some food, I got more and more ticked- we were being treated like cattle, and they apologized (the wait staff knew and admitted that it was a total mess), but did NOTHING top accommodate us... The other family members resorted to balancing extra plates on their already full arms, guessing at the types of food my parents would like to eat, and cheating themselves in the process. Finally, I got some food, after about an hour of waiting, and was so upset that I couldn't eat- I had already spoken to the manager to no avail, and asked the waitress to remove my meal from the bill... This was NOT done. My dad was so far behind everyone at this point, he asked for a container but was denied even that!! Honestly, there is more, but I think you get the idea... Profit seems to be Elaine's ONLY motive- I've known the original owner for years- a very nice man, but his son is now in charge, and the place has gone to the dogs... Stay away!!  Far, far away!
