Liars! Thieves! Unprofessional! Disrespectful! ATTN: ABID (IN CHARGE OF CATERING) To show how disappointed I am, I created an account only to leave a review for this restaurant only, and to show what these people are all about! BEWARE!! Recently had them cater for a wedding and we sat down with the guy who handles the catering, ABID. Food was fresh and everything tasted great when we sat down to discuss the price and our entrees etc. He assured us that the dishes were going to Look and Taste exactly what we were having at the time. He assured us that he was going to serve cold and hot drinks and that he was personally going to be there to look over everything. Less than a week later I went down to give him a deposit and he assured us that everything was going to be perfectly fine and whatever we had talked about the last time we met was going to be done.  He wrote out the menu on his invoice, but he never listed any hot and cold drinks, and I asked him again if he was going to serve those and he said yes and not to worry. A few days before the wedding I called him up and confirmed the amount of people that we were expecting to come, and he changes his story how he never said he was going to serve any drinks, and that we had to pay for 5 people to serve the food. When on the first day we met he guaranteed us that the price he gave us INCLUDED (hot & cold drinks, and for the servers).  So we went down and we had no choice to agree with whatever he said, and had to pay an extra $1,000 for what was supposed to be included and wasn't. If you guys are wondering why we didn't cancel....Who is going to cancel their catering contract when a wedding is a few days away, and loose a $500 non-refundable deposit? Come the wedding day, Abid, the guy who assured us that he was going to be there was nowhere to be found. I called him up and he had sent Mohsin with a few other guys to serve the food, and he wasn't going to come. First off they were dressed like bums as if he hired some guys from the street to serve us food. The food didn't taste anything close to what we had ate that day, when he guaranteed us that nothing will change and that whatever we see and taste here will exactly be served on the day of the wedding. Well he LIED, the food tasted horrible and the bread (Naan), was served burnt! Nothing tasted like what it was supposed to! Towards the end of the wedding one of their servers was asking around for tips on how well they served etc. He went around asking other family members roaming around during a reception for tips when he knew who was in charge, ME. Then he asked for a payment in front of all of our guests including tip while others watched. It was very embarrassing and very unprofessional! After that they had told us that they had packed the food and it was sitting in the hotel kitchen etc. So I basically had to send another family member to pick it up and bring it home, and when they did, there were only a few trays with food, all of the burnt bread, no dessert, and no soda. Now I saw from my own eyes on the amount of food that was left over from the appetizers to the desserts and the drinks. They basically took more than half of what they gave us as leftovers, and the drinks for which we had to pay for; we didn't even get a bottle. I'm only sharing this with you to show what kind of people they really are, and to think twice about catering with them. They RIPPED us off, and stole what wasn't theirs to begin with since it had been paid for. Obviously they are a restaurant and whatever their going to save they will serve the next day or cater to another reception. Thanks for reading and if you guys cater with them, DON'T BE FOOLED! THEY ARE CROOKS, CHEATS, THIEVES, LIARS, UNPROFESSIONAL & DISRESPECTFUL.
