Reviewer JOYCE B is a liar and a bully plain and simple. I was unfortunately sitting behind her and witnessed ALL that transpired! I was on the couch reading when she arrived and moved to a table at 10:30am. She arrived late to meet a friend who occupied the table for 20 min prior to her arrival at 9am. She only ordered coffee, NO FOOD! She occupied the table for 2 and a half solid hours sipping her coffee and oblivious to anything that was going on around her...a packed cafe with a line out the door! The waitress visited the table no less than 5 times over the 2 and a half hours she was there asking if she could get them anything else...hint hint ..every time she asked they rudely ignored her. "Joyce" finally was politely asked if she would mind moving to the couch so the waitress could accommodate the long line of families waiting at the door and outside in the cold. She said, "no, I will not move, we are leaving soon". Every table was full except the one adjacent to her that they needed to put together. The owner then went over after another 15 min had passed to collect their check (that they finally after an hour decided to pay) and asked "how was everything".  The woman in a raised voice so everyone would hear, went off on the owner, telling her that she will never be back, that she had never been treated so badly before, that she should be able to stay as long as she likes and that she has never been asked to get up from a table before. The owner tried her best to explain and diffuse the situation, offered the couch area again but "Joyce" was only interested in making a scene. What a bully. The owner left the table, cashed out her check and went back to the table. While she was gone the woman was telling her friend not to tip the waitress and said wait till Yelp hears about this! When the owner returned, the woman again loudly said she will never be back and that she should be able to stay as long as she likes, that she had never been asked to get up before at a diner...the owner then (rightfully so after enduring much abuse) said,  "well I am very sorry, I guess you don't get out much" ...when she left almost every diner including myself cheered! One said good riddance. Grid Iron (formerly Bonte) is fabulous. The food is outstanding. The service is good but can be a little slow sometimes on the weekends...but this is primarily due to how busy they are. They do however always make up for it with their kindness.
