Eating food in Hao Si Chuan Restaurant is an exceptional experience! The restaurant is in a square so there is a large parking lot outside, which offers its customers enough space to park. Besides, at least one policeman parks his car in the square most of the time, which help create a safe and friendly neighborhood to the restaurant.   Unlike many American-Chinese restaurant, the inside of Hao Si Chuan is well decorated as genuine Chinese style and more importantly, with the fresh air, clean floors and shining desks, it just makes people like to stay in the restaurant a bit longer  no matter  what they do (eat, chat, or just rest). As for the food, all of them are carefully selected by the boss and are guaranteed to be fresh everyday. In terms of the hygiene, they even earned five stars from the local authority. I never worry about the food there. The chefs are all originally from China, and they are able to cook various kinds of Si Chuan dishes, which mostly are amazingly good even for a chinese student like me who tasted thousands of dishes in local places of China. The taste of the food is so good that it attracts lots of Chinese students and even a great amount of Americans. It is a common place that you can see a couple of American families come from Stamford all the way to the restaurant on Friday night just for experiencing the genuine Chinese-flavor-meal. Except for enjoying the food, everyone in the restaurant also like to talk about Chinese culture such as mandarin, and Chinese celebrities. I have seen too many times that the boss teaching some Americans to speak mandarin. The restaurant seems to be a place to taste the real Chines food and communicate Chinese culture. I usually bring my American friends here to experience each single of Chinese elements here, and they all felt the experience was memorable. Surprisingly, the service there is as good as the food they offer. The boss tends to memorize her customers' names. Each time I went to the restaurant, I was treated as a respectful guest. They called my name, and smiled to me and ask me the perspectives about their food and service to see if they can serve me better next time. In fact, I have seen some certain improvements since the first time I went there. The boss very much values her customers' feedback and keep improving the service and food, and her goal is to make the restaurant as the best Chinese restaurant in town and I certainly believe she already achieved the goal. Hao Si Chuan is definitely my favorite restaurant in town. Every time when I miss my country or my family members, the experience to the restaurant will always help me fell like I were in China and then I usually will be surrounded by happiness.
