I came here with my boyfriend last night for our anniversary dinner. After reading many reviews and saw many positive ones, we decided to go for it. When I first walked in I was a bit taken back with the theme of the color orange and squirrels. The woman who was our hostess and server was SO nice and friendly. It was really reassuring that there are some people out there who actually care to take care of you as a customer. When I looked at the menu, I noticed some of the exotic foods and many of these plates were made with cream. I asked the waitress if my plate could be modified since I cannot eat cream, she said the chef would modify it with no problem! I was so happy that they would take care of me. Compliments of the chef for the night, we got fried squash flower with a side of balsamic vinegar. I did not try this, but my boyfriend said it was good and not greasy. We started with the personal margherita pizza, it was delicious! it was crispy and made to perfection. It wasn't soggy and was very tasty. My boyfriend had the Lobster Cobb Salad; while the portion was small, it was presented so beautifully and he said it tasted delicious. I had the Chitarra with Meatballs. DELICIOUS! I ate the whole bowl. :P We couldn't believe how outstanding the food was. Now, for my favorite part: dessert! The desserts were the perfect size for one and were portioned enough to not feel guilty about eating them. My boyfriend had the Blood Orange Infused Creme Brûlée. I'm traditionally not a Creme brûlée person, but I tried it and it was delicious. The blood orange made it sweet, but not too sweet. It was the perfect balance. The Creme brûlée was very fresh. I had the German Chocolate Soufflé. The soufflé had a layer of shredded coconut at the bottom and was presented with powdered sugar on the top, with a warm chocolate walnut sauce on the side. It was so delicious, I almost didn't want to share! When the check came, our waitress gave us (on the house) shots of Café Patron and Irish Cream. At first, I did not expect the delicious meal and high quality of service from this restaurant but I know for sure I will be coming back. This restaurant is the perfect, intimate setting for a date or relaxing dinner.
