I feel a little strange reviewing a restaurant when I didn't eat there, but a situation involving the owner/manager and a group of customers convinced me that this place was not worth our time or money. I'm not clear on the details but a woman waiting for a table with her group inquired why the restaurant didn't want to take her reservation but was doing it for other groups.  The woman behind the counter (hostess?) and owner/manager got very upset with her for asking what appeared to be a simple question (asked very nicely- she was not being rude), telling her she was free to take her business elsewhere and then proceeded to curse about her in front of the waiting customers to the rest of his assembled staff.  She must have gone outside to ger her boyfriend/husband and when he came inside to ask about what happpened (again, very nicely- he was very calm about things and seemed interested in getting things resolved), the owner/manager flipped out, saying he was going to call the cops.  When the guy asked why it was necessary to curse about his girlfriend/wife, he said come crap about being christian and never cursing- a complete lie since he was cursing to his staff in front of everyone as the woman was still standing there, probably trying to figure out how a small inquiry got turned into such a big deal!  They left and after we talked about what happened, decided to leave as well. There are many restaurants in the Montclair area.  Cuban Pete's seems to be one of the more popular ones and maybe they don't feel they need to respect everyone that walks in the door because there are more people right behind them waiting for tables, but that is no excuse for what happened.  Not only was the owner/manager's reaction to a small issue completely unprofessional, it was downright absurd.  We had no problem taking our business to another local restaurant that did a great job of making us feel welcome.  If you're going to spend your hard-earned money at a restaurant, you might as well spend it at a place that deserves the business.  At least a few of the other reviews around here support what we witnessed last night.  We thought it might have been a bad night but Cuban Pete's seems to have a problem treating customers right.  Now we know we were justified in taking our business elsewhere.
