Summary: flavorless, disappointing, slow.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go here despite the New York Times review. The New York Times review of this restaurant intrigued us. Could there really be a good Chinese restaurant in New Haven? In general, I've found that it's very difficult to find a good Chinese restaurant the farther you get from an urban Chinatown. The food at Chinese restaurants in the suburbs doesn't compare to what you get in Chinatowns. There are exceptions to the rule, but unfortunately Great Wall isn't one of them. Great Wall is probably a good choice if you live near New Haven. However, if you live south of New Haven and had a choice to drive 45 minutes to Hartsdale, NY or 30 minutes to New Haven, CT, then we'd choose the 45 min. drive every time. The food at Great Wall was just underwhelming. We went for dinner on a Sunday night and didn't have any problems getting a table. The waiter came by to take our order fairly quickly, but things slowed down from there. They must have had only one cook working because the dishes came out one at a time. The pace was so slow that we would essentially finish one dish by the time the next dish arrived. Started with half of a Peking Duck. The duck was good. Thin slices of skin/duck served over a bed of thinly sliced scallions. Then a plate of bones with some of the other pieces of meat and a steamer filled with 6 pancakes. The server tried to upsell us to a larger order of pancakes. We could have used 2 more pancakes so take the upsell next time. It was all downhill from here. Spring rolls arrived next. Some of the spring rolls were still cold in the center - suggesting that they were frozen. The plum sauce (i.e. duck sauce) was the thin watery version that you typically see in suburban Chinese restaurants.  The most notable aspect of the spring rolls is that they weren't overly greasy. Beef with XO Sauce arrived next. We originally wanted to order a Cantonese sizzling beef dish, but they didn't have it on the menu. The server recommended the XO Beef so we went for it. It was flavorless. No sauce. No flavor. The only positive is the crispy sweet sugar snap peas. Pork & Vegetables with Pan Fried Noodles arrived next. Stir fried pork and vegetables served on a bed of crispy fried noodles. The noodles were very crispy and not greasy. The stir fried pork and vegetables were okay - not bad, but also nothing special. Again - no sauce with this dish. Peking Pork chops arrived next. These tasted good and there actually was a sauce with the dish. The sauce reminded me of sweet and sour sauce, but less tangy and not overly sweet. The issue with this dish is that it was mainly fat and bone. Then the steamed whole fish arrived next. It was a steamed Orata. We did a google search to figure out if Orata was really a fish. As it was served, it was flavorless and the texture was mealy. The mealy texture could mean that the fish was previously frozen. It definitely wasn't swimming around in a fish tank before it was cooked. And finally sautéed, steamed baby shanghai bok choy arrived. It was kind of greasy and it would have been nice if they had served this earlier in the meal. Usually, when you go to a good Chinese restaurant, they serve a small plate of orange slices or maybe some chunks of pineapple to finish the meal - not here. Some other comments: The restaurant is narrow.  They put a divider wall in the middle of the restaurant to allow them to fit two rows of tables down the center of the room, but that leaves an aisle just narrow enough to fit a push cart through. It didn't make for a good dining experience to have to move your chair out of the way so the bus person can squeeze through with of a cart full of dirty dishes. I get that they need to fit in as many tables as possible. I suggest that if they're going to push a cart around to pick up dishes, consider emptying the cart before you go around each time. We must have seen the dirty dish cart squeeze by our seats at least 4 times during our meal.   Some other positive notes, they gave us full size plastic chop sticks. None of the cheap, disposable wooden chopsticks used here. And they used real Chinese vegetables in the dishes.  For example, there were Chinese broccoli tips in the pan fried noodles. I really hate it when I go to a suburban Chinese restaurant and get served dishes devoid of any Chinese vegetables. So the geographic rule of Chinese food prevails.  If you live south of New Haven, you're better off driving towards NYC instead of driving towards New Haven for good Chinese food.  And if you live around New Haven, oh well...
