Rude and pompous manager/staff (except for the bus boy) - mediocre food, but didn't get sick, so if you're looking for something not too special then try it out.   My wife researched somewhere new to go for brunch - found this place - which opens at 10am Sundays, which was what we're looking for due to our schedule. Our party of 4 arrived at the door approx. 10:05 or so and the place was packed. Figured that was a good sign, so we waited the approx. 40 minute wait - at which time an employee, who I believe was the manager, came to us stating there was a table for 4 available but since we had  our newborn baby he was trying to dissuade us from taking it because in his words - "it is tight with a baby" Well, guess what, the entire place is tight - no larger than my living room, but we were willing to give it a shot.  The guy was hoping we would say no because a group of 4 of his friends or regulars arrived which he wanted to give that table to instead of my party.  We were then seated and were given our water and offered coffee. We then sat there for quite sometime awaiting someone to take our order, no one came and so we continued to sit and still no one came while the waiter began taking orders from other customers who arrived after us.  The manager walked by and saw one of our party had his menu in his hand and he snatched it out of his hand and tossed it into the menu bin as if he was put out.  I had to finally ask the server to please take our order, which he did. For a place this size - HOW DO YOU FORGET PEOPLE SITTING 2 FEET FROM YOU?! EXCEPT if you want to forget purposely?    The food order was taken and we waited a normal amount of time for the size of an order we placed maybe slightly longer than would be expected but when the food arrived it was lukewarm and nothing to write home about. As we paid and left the manager ignored us and seemed extremely happy we were leaving. He never checked to see how our food was - nor did any of the staff. No one thanked us for coming to their establishment to eat - simply rude. I believe they didn't want to serve us because we had a baby.  Just a side note, our newborn baby who sleeps more than he is awake was no issue and barely made a peep the entire time.   I would NEVER RECOMMEND eating at this establishment as I don't enjoy giving money to undeserving, disrespectful, arrogant, pompous people.  As I said though, we did not get sick, so I guess it's edible food.
