A must if you're looking to taste delicious diner food. This is what New York stands for in terms of "american food". Just remember, CASH ONLY. No credit, my friends. Just a heads up. You will have to wait in line because this place is always packed, but trust me, well worth it. Mmm. Not to mention they make it go by a little faster by sending a waiter down the line with little  "samplers" like their sausage, or great fries, and even some orange wedges. I was with one other person, and we didn't mind sitting at the counter, so we got to cut all of the line and be seated inside within minutes (it was truly a beautiful VIP-like moment). I got an order of the Danish Pancakes and my friend a Mexican Omelet. While we waited I sipped my coffee out of a legitimate mug, which was a nice touch, and watched the food orders get sent out. So many things I want to try when I come back. Saw something like and Eggs Benedict come out that looked to die for. My pancakes arrived piping hot and so, SO fluffy. Never had fluffier. The blueberries were the perfect touch of sweet and juicy and I detected a hint of lemon zest. The pancakes were served with three little jars of their homemade butter. I couldn't tell what two of them where, but there was definitely a cinnamon one, and maybe a strawberry one. They were all so good though, especially spread out on my pancakes, and I'm not really a butter person. I think that's the most butter I've eaten in one sitting ever. The portion size of the pancakes was enormous. I believe there were 4 stacked up on top of each other, had to have my friend help me out with the last one and I can really put food away usually. They were light, but so filling. My friend's mexican omelet came fresh off the griddle and slathered in what looked like caramelized onions and salsa, sprinkled with cheddar cheese. He said he loved it, and proceeded to scarf it down like no tomorrow. He got the fries with it and those were also great and crunchy but soft inside. None of that hour old stuff. They came with this spicy remoulade to dip, and it had a nice kick to it that we both appreciated. If you don't mind waiting for good food then really, what are you waiting for?
