I love the Wooster Street pizzerias when I have time, but my pizza cravings are usually more spontaneous, and if I want to organize an evening out with friends, I'm more apt to go to something more upscale. The long lines on Wooster actually provide entertainment of a sort, but then again, the conversation usually involves a bunch of people lamenting the long lines and recalling the first time they went to Pepe's.  Such self-referential conversation... bo - ring!!  Sure, it's cute when the person talking is a wide-eyed Yale fresh(wo)man, but when it's a Yale Professor RECALLING his freshman year at Yale, you want to ask him whether he also hangs out at Yankee Stadium to get Derek Jeter's autograph. Which brings me to Dayton Street Apizza.  The biggest space in the building is devoted to the kitchen, as it should be.  You go there to pick up, not to sit.  I have sat once or twice for a quick lunch, but the atmosphere is not in the dining room.  Rather, the atmosphere is the one recalled in your mind of the pizza nights of your childhood, when Mom and Dad stopped in just such a place as Dayton Street to get the family pie and bring it home.  Pure comfort food. Oh, and the pie itself is great.  I disagree with Jim H. on the blandness of the dough: I find it chewy in that way that only proper kneading and gluten-extraction can bring.  The sauce is well balanced between acidity and the fruit of the tomatoes.  And the toppings are nice.  My favorite is Cousin Jimmy's Special: parmesian and anchovies.  It's a sodium nightmare, but if you like anchovies, you'll love it.  Apparently, Cousin Jimmy came in one day asking for a pizza with something a little different on it.  This is what they served him.  He liked it so much that he always asked for it.  Then they finally put it on the menu.  That is the story I heard from the girl at the counter. When the pizza first comes piping hot out of the oven, there can be some wateriness to the sauce, but to me, that is just proof that Dayton has used fresh tomatoes, and not some canned sauce. So there you have it: Dayton St. Apizza - a great pizzeria on its own merits, and more than just a suitable alternative to Wooster St.
