D'Angelo's Market has done nothing but impress me since the first time I've walked in. Not only does it offer university students an opportunity to buy actual groceries (which can literally not be found elsewhere within walking distance) but they have a wide selection of all sorts of prepared foods, sandwiches, and pizzas. And as an Italian myself I have to say that their food is some of the best I've had (but don't tell my Nonna). They also have a great selection of Italian desserts which range from frozen gelatos to Italian pastries. Personally I love the sfogliatelle and pignoli cookies but their lobster tails are really amazing. And they go quickly so either order ahead of time or take a walk while they make one for you! They also have real Nutella from Italy which is so far superior from the American supermarket version. If you don't believe me, I promise you that you will be able to taste the difference. As for their food, I have bought cold cuts there pretty frequently and I've never had a problem. They cut the meats to order and are great at making it thin, which is the best way to eat salami and pepperoni. I have also had their friend eggplant which is absolutely incredible - thin, breaded, and exactly like my family makes it! But really what has amazed me is the service. I'm not sure what anyone is talking about when they say that the service has been awful. I have encountered nothing but friendliness and helpfulness on every occasion. At the same time, D'Angelo's is also new so they are training new employees, rearranging their store, and working on starting  a new business. So yes, I agree, that sometimes the procedure for ordering and paying for desserts is a bit hectic and tricky but I can definitely say that everyone is friendly and helpful. Recently I ran a big event at the university. It was a pizza-making event and went to D'Angelo's for ingredients. I sat down and spoke with one of the guys there and he helped me order enough ingredients, gave me a great deal, and even offered to prebake the dough in the brick oven! So, overall, the guys at D'Angelo's are great and I will continue to go back there often - especially since I haven't had a chance to try their pizzas which, if I take the reviews on this site seriously, should be my next purchase.
