I was in a fantastic mood arriving at this place - ready for a concert at the Wellmont, meeting my bestie whom I hadn't seen in ages and hungry for some great drinks and food. I was escorted to my seat by a very gracious hostess and decided to take in the scene while awaiting my friend. Well, the ambience and decor definitely lived up to the hype - fun, kitschy and relaxing. The polite servers are dressed in Guayabera shirts (sorry for spelling) and Panama hats. It's all very festive and entertaining and it's just around the corner from the theater. My server recommended his favorite Rojas and I have to tell you, it tasted like my grade school juice boxes. Was there even alcohol in this beverage? Tasty and sweet and a great value for a large pitcher of juice at $14.95, but certainly not going to knock any adult back on her heels. After my friend arrived, we excitedly ordered some yummy sounding tapas. What arrived, sadly, was Restaurant Depot quality frozen mozzarella triangles (they tasted like chicken, oddly), eh shrimp with burnt garlic, and dry and heavy albondigas with a white milky sauce that was unappealing and did not reflect its billing as "manchego." We hoped for better with our entrees, which actually were brought out about 2 minutes after our tapas, so we sent them back because who can eat that quickly and who wants 6 plates on their table at once? Our hopes were quickly dashed. My hanger steak was the right temperature (medium rare), but it was very chewy and required a ton of mouth work before swallowing each bite (translation = poor quality meat). The supposed chimichurri sauce (which is something I also make at home and for which I have received raves from native Peruvians) was simply diced onions and a few herbs. That is not chimichurri. My friend's chicken was partly burnt and partly undercooked. Her mango sauce featured 3 chunks of mango only. She opted instead for the pretty good black beans and coconut sticky rice. I know it sounds as if this was the worst meal I've ever eaten. Certainly, it wasn't. I ate my steak, because I was hungry and we ate the tapas for the most part, because we were hungry. The pricing is extremely fair, but I live in Manhattan, so I'm skewed. The restaurant is just terribly underwhelming and inauthentic, especially considering the hype over this restaurant. The end of the evening was the most disappointing of all. When I tried to get by the hostess stand, I had to wait for literally 20 people to walk by first (the stand is awkwardly placed near the kitchen). Then, the male manager started dancing and joking around and greeting others in front of him, all the while blocking my exit. I said excuse me twice and then finally said loudly, "Sir, I've been waiting 3 full minutes to get out of here. My friend is waiting for me in the courtyard!" He said, "all you had to do was say excuse me, b*tch." I don't care where you are or who you are, no one in any service industry should be calling his clients the B word, especially when he was the one at fault, not me. All in all, a very disappointing culinary experience. I won't be back for anything other than a quick beer at the bar with friends.
