El Camino is up the block from my favorite mexican place, Cantino Dos Segundos. I'll admit that I initially resisted visiting because I was afraid that ECR would be too similar to CDS. I only went because I was hosting out of town houseguests, needed a new place to showcase, and also because a favorite server, Deva, had assured me that the food was awesome. She was right. (Full disclosure: Deva was my favorite server at another veggie restaurant, and has switched to working here. If not for her, I probably would not have tried ECR.) My group of 4 arrived on a Sunday evening, it was relatively crowded, but we were seated immediately at an outdoor table. Conveniently, some crazy karaoke thing was happening over on the Piazza. Nothing like drinking a mango margarita and listening to someone butcher a Biz Markie song. The margarita was strong, or I am a lightweight, because within 4 sips I had the giggles. Chips and salsa arrived within minutes. I'll admit, these didn't really do "it" for me. The chips have some sort of spices on them. Eh. The smoky red salsa is too smoky for my palate. My three table mates loved them, though. I just think I prefer my chips and salsa a different way. The table shared an order of the seitan wings: deep fried seitan smothered in spicy wing sauce and served with dippy  blue cheese deliciousness. These were phenomenal. I followed up with the BBQ seitan sandwich (served on texas toast with coleslaw) accompanied by fries. Conclusion: tasty sandwich (the dry rub was pretty spicy) and amazing fries. My husband tried the seitan stuffed chile relleno. I stole a taste: I wanted to love this. Unfortunately, I learned that I prefer a more simple relleno--stuff it with creamy melty cheese, please, and I will be happy. He, however, loved it. As for service, well, I know my server, so I admit to being biased. Deva is attentive to the point of obsessiveness. Sit in her section and you won't be disappointed. I didn't, however, know anyone else working the joint. Still, no matter who was passing by our table, they made a point to stop, bus something off, refill a beverage, or answer a question. I will say that when we were first seated, there weren't enough place settings and napkins on the table for four people, and we did have to ask Deva to have them brought out--shouldn't the hostess have taken note of this either before or when we were seated? I don't know what proper restaurant protocol is on this point... I will definitely be visiting again. I need to try the mac and cheese and grab an order of the fried pickles!
