Let me start by saying we have frequented several Bonefish Grill's and have ALWAYS  been pleased with the quality and consistancy of  all the dishes we have ordered. I also realize this restaurant is newly opened, but come on, if you are having this many issues you definitely needed to be more discriminating in who you hire.....namely the kitchen staff. Hubby and I decided to dine there last night after a tiring work week.  We arrived around 5:30 and we were told there would be about a 30 minute wait.  That was fine, so we opted to sit in the bar area and partake in happy hour.  Our bar server was there promptly and brought our drinks fairly quickly.  The odd thing was two other servers came over with menus, and at least two other servers came over with a drink and appetizers that we did not order.  They quickly apologized and went on to the next group of people, who also didn't order them. Our pager went of in less the the 30 minutes wait time.....yay, things are looking good. Or so we thought.   We were seated and our very friendly dining server was right there on the ball.  We put in an appetizer order (the Calamari is delicious!!!  Highly recommended.  Love the thai inspired sauce).  Shortly after she put the order in she came back for out dinner order.  Shirimp and Scallops in lemon butter sauce for both of us and and a house salad. After waiting a little bit too long we got our salad first which we thought was odd because we have always gotten our appy first, but no big deal.   As usual, the house salad with citrus viniagrette was good. After another long wait, we still didn't have the calamari,  our server noticed this and checked in the kitchen to see what the hold up was.  Our appetizer was given to someone else and they were putting in a new order as a rush.  Ok, we were not in a hurry so, again, no big deal.  The calamari was definitely worth the wait. Now for the "good" part.  After waiting another VERY long time, our dinner came to the table.  After it was set on the table hubby and I looked at each other and kind of smirked.  The presentation was awful....like the food was just thrown on the plate without a care.  The shrimp and scallops were not of the quality we were used to at the other Bonefish's we have been to.  In fact after taking a bite we did complain that it was way way over cooked.  The scallops were rubbery and chewy....we could have bounced them off the floor.  The shrimp were the same.  Our very pleasant server said she would tell her manager and a new order was put in.  While we were waiting (and still very hungry....we ate the sides we ordered).  I highly recommend the scalloped potatoes, always a favorite.  The other side that came with the meal was a garbonzo bean spinach concoction which was also very good.  Ok, by this time we were ready to go.  Then our new order of scallops came, brought out and cooked by the manager herself, they were definitely better than the first batch but did not have the lemon butter sauce on them.  She said she would bring that right over...not surprisingly it never came.  We ate the scallops anyway. Soooo, all in all, this was a bad experience and we will most likely not go back to this one.......or at least give it another 5 or 6 months to get the act together. Oh, another thing, this was not just happening to us.  We consistently heard servers saying they were sorry over and over to their customers for both the long wait for food and for the ill prepared food.   Sorry Bonefish Grill, you needed to hire better capable kitchen staff or at least you should have given much more training.  It would have been better to take more time to open than to open like a dud!
