My friend and I went to have lunch here on Mon and had to most awful experience with the manager!!! We have been here couple times before and was very satisfied with the quality of food for the price.  Today we ordered home made tofu, katsu toji, and kaisen don.  Upon our food's arrival we thought that the katsu toji was too fatty.  The pork loin had about 40% fat.  We did not like it and informed our waiter that it was way too fatty for our taste.  He asked what we wanted so we told him that we would like another order of that is preferably less fatty.  He said he will speak to the manager.  The manager did not come.  After about five minutes the waiter came back and said the kitchen is closed so they can not make another dish for us which was fine so we asked that the dish get taken off the bill.  We did not want to pay for something that we didn't even like. We thought that the message had gone through but a few minutes later the manager came to us.  He introduced himself and asked us what the problem was.  We told him that the pork loin had too much fat.  He then started a lecture that lasted more than ten minutes about how the pork fat was good fat and at Ootoya the menu is a balanced diet, we can't just eat all salad or just rice as carbohydrate and etc... He also mentioned that in our industry people think that fat is bad but the fat in the pork was good fat.  He was literally foaming in his mouth.  My friend and I were very astounded by his reaction.  Usually in a well ran restaurant when a customer complains about the dish and sends it back you get the option of either ordering something else or getting the dish taken off the bill.  My friend is a pastry chef and I also work in the hospitality industry as a manager and we dine out a lot at different restaurants.   All we wanted was the katsu toji taken off our bill since the kitchen was closed.  We didn't even have the opportunity to finish our kaisen don because after the manager's lecture we lost our appetite and dumbfounded by his reaction.  We were just very upset and wanted to get out of the restaurant.  We asked for the check and a different waiter gave us the check with katsu toji on the bill!!!!  We asked that waiter to take it off the bill then the manager came to us again.  This time he was more rude saying that he was trying to figure out what the problem was.  He asked why we didn't like the dish.  We told him again that it had too much fat.  He claimed that we had already consumed at least half of the dish.  I told him if we had liked the dish why would we send it back?  Again we told him we did not want to pay for it.  He clearly expressed his frustration and took the bill and came back saying that he took it off.  When he came back with the bill he stood there in front of us and stared at us waiting until we paid the bill.   We paid for two dishes that we did not even finish plus gratuity.  We did not want to punish the wait staff and deprive them of tip for the manager's rudeness and ignorance.  We vowed never to return to Ootoya ever again!!!!
