Yelpers:   Sort these reviews by reverse star rating and you'll see a glaring commonality, and probably have a Terrific laugh - we did.  Too bad it was AFTER we visited.  You see:  ALL the One stars have a really interesting thread in common: Over the Top, Beyond-the-pale Rude customer interactions of the chef/owner, that are laugh out loud funny - unless they happen to you (which they may  /  did to us).   These reviewers aren't nit-picky. They aren't persnickey people who just got rubbed the wrong way .  It's pretty clear the owner displays outrightly ridiculous and insulting behavior with some regularity -  and has contempt for her patrons. If you enjoy wasting your money at an establishment with such customer service attitude as this " See You Next Tuesday" owner has, then you might just be one too.  The lady who owns this restaurant should not be in business within 500 feet of  customers. She makes decent food. but 4  Star food + Negative 5 Star Service = Zero stars if I could.  Hopefully Yelpers ignore this imbecile owner and go to the Bowery Hotel''s nice italian restaurant, albeit for more $.   They have a liquor license (unlike Gaia's )   and aren't aholes to their customers.  Maybe then the lady can take her talents into the pre-packaged food industry behind the scenes where she can't lash out at her customers and become famous A la Chef Boyardee, because her food isn't bad. Her customer service is Obscene. PS "Rick" - if you believe asking for cheese makes sombody a d'bag - I think you better take a look in the mirror my friend. The owner is pretty obviously the one out of bounds here. Attitude only came from me, once it was requieted by Gaia's unbelieveable  rudeness - insuating I didn't know how to eat my own food, refusing to serve a condiment that the restaurant clearly had. -  not the other way around you "turkey". And btw, I paid fully for MY meal (not my fiancees) AND tipped the waiter in full, so that $5accusation  is a line of crap.  If Rick Is your name - surprised a real patron would have known/seen what I paid at all the way over at the counter. I'm guessing 4 letter Rick is actually Gaia.    FYI Gaia - your sauce needed salt, that's why I needed the parmesean. Guessing if I asked for salt, you'd have been horrific too.  AND FYI - umami is Mushroom/savory/fermented flavor.  Most chefs worth their salt know that one.  Unmitigated arrogance. This place is one to avoid.
