We are local residents.  We had high hopes for Agricola.  Local Farm to Table.  Ex French Laundry Chef. I called on a Wednesday evening at 7pm to see if a table for two was available.  "Can you hold please."  I was put on hold for 5+ minutes.  Just as I was about to hang up and call back the hostess came back on the line.  I asked for a table for two for tonight.  "We can seat you at 8:30pm."   I accepted the reservation. We arrived at 8:15 and were ignored when standing at the hostess desk.  They did not greet us.  I finally got one of them acknowledge our reservation for 8:30 and told them we would have a drink in the bar while waiting for our table.  The acknowledgement was brisk, cold and unwelcoming.   We sat at a community table in the bar.   We ordered two martinis.   It took longer than it should have to receive our drinks.   When the drinks arrived I noticed that they were 2/3 full.   The glasses were room temperature.  I took a sip. It tasted strongly of a sweet low grade vermouth with a nasty aftertaste.   This was the worst martini I've ever tasted.   I spoke to the waitress and politely pointed out that the bartender did not know how to make a martini and asked why was the glass 2/3 full.   She told me that they measure out all of their drinks using a "template" and that they would not pour more.   I said fine, but it tastes overly sweet and bad. The waitress went to the manager with our feedback.  They decided to comp us two glasses of wine with dinner. Next the hostess arrived and told us that our reservation was for Friday night not tonight (Wednesday).  I politely but firmly pushed back that this was not the case, reciting the phone call we had an hour earlier.   Then she said "Oh well you are in luck as we have a table we can seat you tonight.  Do you want to keep your reservation for Friday?"   I told her that no, our reservation was for tonight and we would not be need a reservation for Friday night. We were seated immediately. The bar waitress told the hostess to make sure we got two glasses of wine on the house with dinner. We had to tell our waiter to comp the red wine when we ordered it.    He smirked.  Interestingly, red wine came in a white wine glass. The olive oil provided for dipping bread was extremely low grade and rancid tasting.  We could not eat it.   We ordered the parsnip soup special.   The soup was over processed and loaded with sugar which covered up the taste of the parsnip.   Not something we would expect at an expensive farm to table with an ex French Laundry chef. I ordered the arctic char and my wife ordered the scallops.    Her plate came with a smear of turnip puree and three scallops.  Nothing else on the plate.   More like an appetizer than a dinner plate. The scallops were well cooked and high quality.   A small plate for $27 was not a good value.  My fish was a small tail end cut.  The plate was cold and the meal was lukewarm.  No where near French Laundry standards.   The owner was walking the floor stoically, arms folded, with a pained look on his face.  We did not see him speak with any customers.  He seemed focused on observing the staff.  No smiles.   Minimal interactions. The boss inspecting, not coaching.  This seemed demotivating to the staff.  They kept in constant motion.  Trying to look busy for the boss.   The customers were less important. We skipped desert, paid the check and left.   We will not be back.   We recommend that you stay away from Agricola until they focus on customer experience.  This will require a properly trained and motivated staff, better food quality, and more value for the prices charged.   And let it flow in bar.
