I've spent a minimum of $100 a month in Asiana House for the past five months. What I've purchased most frequently is the beef teriyaki lunch special. Today I placed an order for pickup and ordered this menu item. The lady on the phone, who identified herself as the owner, assured me that the item doesn't exist. That her waitresses and cooks who have been serving this item to me (and separate parties I've seen order it) must have been confused, and that they have never, *even in the past*, offered this item. I pointed out to her that the online menu lists the item. That my receipts list the item. I was confused. She asked me for the specific dates of my purchases. I said the most recent would have been two Saturdays ago, on June 30th. She said "oh, well, they must have misunderstood. So you want the dinner entree?" I said that I did not. She asked if I was calling the right restaurant. I confirmed the location of the restaurant, and added that I was in somewhat frequently, and had never encountered anything like this. Her response was to say, without stopping for breath, "Sir, we don' hava lunch beef onna menu, even in the pass! Sir, we don' hava lunch beef onna menu, even in the pass! I tell you, we don' hava lunch beee onna menu, even in the pass! Even in the pass, we don' have it! That's what I tell you. We don' hava lunch beee onna menu, even in the pass!" What I want: The same thing I always get. If that's no longer available, that's fine, but I want to be treated like I am capable of forming memories and reading menus and receipts. I want an owner who treats their customer with respect. What I don't want: A whiney telephone conversation. A restaurant owner who, when confronted with a situation she doesn't understand, blames the customer for any confusion. What I really don't want is a restaurant owner who disrespects the customer by *lying*. (If the item was never offered, "even in the pass," then why is it listed on your online menu--a menu which you acknowledge as "a little older"? That's not a simple mistake. That's a discrepancy that was whined at me multiple times; reiterated to the point that I hung up the phone.) Asiana House: Good food, decent wait staff, incredibly rude owner. I guess I'll be spending my $1200/year elsewhere.
