More like the "crap pit"! I was so disappointed with this place and felt completely ripped off ! So one night I'm feeling like having some BBQ for dinner and since living in the surrounding area, I came across the wood pit online. I always check the reviews first before trying a new place and felt pretty good about eating here. So I check out their website and read over the menu and prices since I was going to order as take out. From the menu online you can get "Large Rib Dinner" which includes 10 ribs bones, 2 sides and cornbread for $21.95. Also, you can order a "WHOLE SLAB" with no sides for 19.95. You would expect there to be more than 10 ribs in the "Whole Slab" probably around 14-16 ribs. Well, I decided to get the (Family Pack #1) for $37.99 which includes a WHOLE slab, a WHOLE chicken, 4 sides and 4 pieces of cornbread. For sides I got green beans, potato salad, corn on the cob, and baked beans. When I arrive to go pick up my food the lady charged me just under $50. I said to her isn't the family pack $37.99 ?(+ tax of course) She chuckled and said "oh! our prices went up" It didn't bother me much because of the good reviews and I was hungry and just want to get home to my family to eat. When I get home I was so pissed because I felt completely scammed. Well I didn't get the "WHOLE SLAB" I got 10 ribs counted! 2 of the 10 ribs were just completely bone with the smallest charred piece of pork on it! So 8 ribs for 4 people, 2 ribs a person, great... I got ONE corn on the cob! ONE! Family pack should feed four! Even if they gave me two corn on the cob, ok fine I could at least cut them both in half and my husband and I, and our 2 kids could of had a small helping of corn but no sorry, it's not happening splitting one corn on the cob 4 ways. The chicken was not WHOLE it was 2 thighs and 2 wings and looked nothing like the picture on the website. The green beans tasted as if they were from a can and nothing special. Bush's baked beans are so much better and I'm not a fan of canned food. The potato salad was decent. Corn bread was ok but, I've had better actually from the cafe when I was in college. The food didn't even smell good. It was not worth $50! Such a rip off! And if your going to be doing business in the Montclair area...keep your website updated!! Your surrounded by very well run restaurants that would never make that mistake! Ugh I should of just went to Cuban Pete's! It would of been cheaper too and a million times better!
