First of all I would like to say that last year my family and I went to bubby's and it was amazing. We had an awesome meal.  they were doing a name your own price thing where all the proceeds went to a charity. Which was perfect for the buffet they had. we ended up spending 175 bucks minus tip for 4 people last year.  we could've spent less but the food last year was  worth it.   when i made my reservations this year the woman Tara.  who makes all the reservations for bubby's explained to me that the same thing was going on this year.  so since the experience was so amazing last time. i figured why not go again. worse mistake of the entire year and thanksgiving.  first let me say this our waiter was amazing great service exceptional excellent service actually.  the only good thing about the evening's experience was the service and the decor.  but after the meal when we asked for the bill for 5 all you can eat buffets. that consisted of bland instant mashed potatoes,soggy overcooked greenbean casserole no crunch to it what so ever.  the green beans were limp and mushy way over cooked. i know i have cooked for a living the past ten years. hardly any onion straws on them at all just terrible green bean casserole. the sweet potatoes where perfect,the turkey overcooked and dry,the ham overcooked and dry,the pies well frankly i have bought way better store bought pies then what they were offering. speaking from personal experience the pecan pie just awful soggy and disgusting couldnt take more then one bite of it. the pumpkin pie absolutely atrocious bland and tasted like taking a bite out of a raw pumpkin.  absolutely worse pecan and pumpkin pie i have ever tasted in my entire life anywhere in the world.  the brussel sprouts were okay,the gravy very good if you like packaged gravy powder mixed with water.  disgusting tasteless cranberry sauce. i mean how do you mess up cranberry sauce really its only cranberries. the homemade rootbeer was flat as week old soda left in the sun.it was a really pathetic selection for the buffet. the employees serving the food very rude very unhygienic.  the one server had a 3 inch beard and long shoulder length hair with no hair net and he scratched his beard and head through out the night while serving food ungloved. i witnessed this happen several times.  the so called homemade whipped cream tasteless and smelled slightly spoiled like it had just started to turn bad.  the beverages we ordered were delicous though minus the homemade rootbeer.  now we come to the bill. when i made my reservations i asked tara on the phone about the donation thing like last year and she clearly stated that they were doing it again this year.  that is the entire reason we decided to come here again for thanksgiving. we ask for the bill and holy crude 467.00 minus taxes and the tip.  our hearts sank when we got the bill. i mean honestly for the selection offered on the buffet and the terrible quality of the food on the buffet.  even 100 dollars wouldve been pushing it, we asked for the manager who was very rude very condescending and very not caring at all type of attitude. we tried to explain calmly to him about the phone conversations with tara and the emails which we clearly showed him on our smartphone. he still refused to except the evidence placed in front of him of. apparently they had decided to not do the donation thing for thanksgiving and failed to email us and let us know.  after arguing with the manager for 15 minutes over this even with the emails in front of him we finally said screw it and gave in. paid the bill tipped the waiter nicely for his excellent service and left. we will never ever eat here again. over 500 dollars for a meal that isnt even fit to serve in a retirement home.  i highly recommend anyone thinking of going to bubbys save your money. for the dog chow that was served tonight we couldve easily eaten at a 5 star restraunt for less and had a far better meal then the one bubby's provided tonight. terrible terrible food and after being ripped off with the bill it ruined everyones thanksgiving we will never eat here again and highly recommend going elsewhere if your deciding to eat here. not worth the money at all
