I am not one to write reviews so either it has to be a phenomenal place or awful place. I wish I could give it more stars because the food options and brunch especially is wonderful. I love the outdoor seating especially now that it is warmer out. The thing that made me write this review is the first time I dined here was few weeks ago for brunch outside with 1 other person. We waited 15 minutes to be sat in order for them to get the tables cleaned, which takes 2 minutes. Regardless, I didnt let that annoy me too much, but it took them atleast 5 minutes to greet us and take a drink order. Now this may not seem long to the average person, but next time you sit down time it, 2 minutes seems long when you first are sat. I have worked in the restaurant industry for many years, there is no reason even if you are busy not to atleast take a drink order. It took them a while to get back to us for our food order. Luckily our food came out quickly. Once we received our food though we had no condiments on our table. We were never asked how our food was or if we needed anything. My second time there was last saturday to take my mom out. Once sat outside, it took a waitress yet again 5-10 minutes to greet us and take a drink order, which she said it is not her table but she took it anyways. Like we cared, we just wanted to be taken care of (no offense). This time took so long we were all ready to order everything luckily. When my mother received her french onion soup, it came out luke warm. Our server again didnt ask how everything was, so i had to get up to ask someone else to tell our server the soup was cold. Once it came out the second time she informed us that there was fresh cheese now on it that was forgotten the first time. lol. Once we received our meals, we were never asked how everything was. When finished, she said she'd bring us the check not once asking if we wanted anything else or dessert in which I had to ask for a dessert menu. Lastly, of course expected not one person at the host stand said thank you have a wonderful day thanks for coming. Nothing. This place disappoints me because I would go there much more often if the service was at all decent. The food options like I said and the food itself is great, location love it, but service in any place makes it exceptional--- a place to want to go back. I truly hope they clean up their act...
