The food in this place is great but the quality of customer service has greatly decreased since I have first gone here (which was about 2 years ago). For starters, my friend and I ordered a coconut soup as an appetizer. We ordered the regular portion for one person (because we wanted to try the soup and share it since we knew that their general portions are relatively big and we wanted to fit the entree) but received a larger portion for two people instead (and had to pay extra in the end), although we clarified to the waiter that we wanted one portion to share. A similar situation happened with the jasmine tea. We wanted one tea bag and one cup (and clarified so to the waiter) but received an entire teapot with two bags of tea and two cups (for which we also had to pay extra). As for the main meals (a medium-spiced curry dish and a very deliciously prepared noodle dish, both with chicken), they were very well prepared and very delicious. However, because of the double portion of the soup, I couldn't finish my meal (not a big deal, but just a fact). Also, when my friend and I have visited the same place on ALL occasions before (at least 5 times), I asked for some extra vegetables on my main dish such as basil leaves and my order was met with a smile. However, this time the waiter said that I would have to pay $2 extra for a few leaves of basil on my main meal. I didn't really mind this or take it to heart much given the current economic situation - I understand that small places like this need to save so I agreed that it wasn't a big deal. Because I couldn't finish my entire meal, I asked them to pack it to go. When I looked at how much they packed, it looked like it was a smaller portion than what was left on my plate (but it could be just me). Also before leaving, I happened to pick up the table cloth instead of my napkin and noticed a sizable hole in the table cloth (I could fit my finger through it!). Normally, I wouldn't complain about something like this in such a place (i.e. not a luxurious place) but given the circumstances that led up to the end of my meal, it just put a cherry on top of my cake. Throughout the entire meal, we didn't see one smile from either our waiter or the cook that brought us our dishes. This was a Tuesday evening (we went in at about 6pm) and there were only about 4 other tables with two customers each. So it wasn't busy at all. Given the incredibly poor customer service that we received on this trip, we decided not to leave a tip. Even though the service was bad this time, we thought maybe it was just an unlucky day and hoped for better service the next time we come here. Once we exited the restaurant and walked halfway to our car, we heard someone calling us back. It was one of the ladies that brought food to us (not our primary waiter). She asked why we did not leave a tip and whether there was something wrong with our stay. Thinking that she was asking this because she is interested in improving service, I began explaining what I have mentioned here. However, midway, she cut into my sentence and said that "next time, carry out may be better for you" and left with an attitude. After this episode, we decided that we never want to come to this restaurant again.
