I came to Brooklyn to meet up with a friend, with the explicit expectation to be exposed to Brooklyn's "hipster/artisinal" culture. I was not disappointed, though I worry that much of the effort put into this pizza was wasted on me. We arrived without a reservation on Sunday and there was an hour-plus wait. We hesitated but ultimately opted to say yes to the new experience. The lovely British-accented hostess led us to what I call the "stragglers den" -- a separate bar just for the people waiting for a table. Because I live in Japan and have only read reports of what's going on in Brooklyn, I was amazed at what I saw -- a young man tending bar with a farmer's beard that would not have looked out of place in O Brother Where Art Thou, all beer on tap craft beer (with Bud and Modelo in can form, perhaps ironically?), and an old-timey wood stove keeping us warm in what I eventually found was an army-surplus tent. While I waited with my friend we ended up making conversation with some of the locals - that is to say, Australian women on a study abroad on their way home. Finally it was pizza time and we were led to the table. Once seated the menus offered an even wider array of craft beers on tap, and the menu was near-incomprehensible due to heavy usage of real Italian ingredients. My friend and I decided to throw caution to the wind and order what we guessed sounded good without asking what it really was, plus a plate of Italian cold cuts like you might see in The Sopranos (yum!). The waitress (again quite lovely and very friendly) brought us two white pizzas, one with vegetables and the other with a kind of meat I was sure was bacon, until my friend explained it was some kind of specially prepared beef. Whatever it was it was incredible... wood-fired pizza with all high-quality ingredients clearly selected to create a magical blend of flavors... to paraphrase The Simpsons, there was a party in my mouth, and everyone was invited. People crap on the hipster movement, but if it results in dedication to quality like this, consider me a supporter.
