This past Saturday was my first time dining at Swine. Chances are, I'll never go back. It's my belief that most of the people on Yelp who are leaving 5 star reviews and typing in CAPS and exclamations(!!!) about how "AMAZING" the food is, must be employed at Swine or somehow affiliated with it. First things first... nothing was "AMAZING". I didn't leave satisfied. If the price point was lower, then possibly it would have been justified, but not in this case. I got the Prawn Salad, which is listed as the Poached Maine Lobster Salad on their online menu (same ingredients: radish, artichoke, grapefruit, vinaigrette, etc... price remains the same tho... no price cut for replacing a more expensive crustacean with it's cheaper, more abundant cousin.). The printed menu at the restaurant have this listed as the Prawn Salad. The "prawns" were regular, nothing special, shrimp that were not even deveined and tasted like they were frozen beforehand. This is misleading. There is an obvious difference between a Prawn and a Shrimp in the context of a meal (I understand from a marketing perspective that "prawn" makes the dish sound slightly more exotic than "shrimp" and it's debatable what is a prawn vs. a shrimp, but it's common knowledge that a prawn is larger than a standard sized shrimp you would get in an order of shrimp cocktail). We started off with the Bread and Butter and Spicy pickles. That's what they were. No need to rave about them. They were good. They were pickles. Nothing too complicated. The Deviled Eggs were ok but I've had much better. The yokes were bland and the egg whites were over done and too mushy. A friend of mine got the Bone Marrow and Brisket Burger. I didn't try it but she was happy. I did try some of her potato wedges that were served as a side dish and they were waaayyyyy too greasy. Waaayyyyyy too greasy. Another friend of ours got the Grilled Cheese. When asked what he thought of it, his response was, "...... yeahhh, it's good". Another guest of ours jokingly, but not jokingly, asked if he could get his money back. The menu was too adventurous for the average person. Yes, Swine is in the West Village and in a hip setting, but the menu will end up being their demise. Some of items were too ridiculous (Duck Fat Cashews, Potato Chip Nachos.... why??) It's almost like their head chef needs to turn off Chopped and come down to reality. I guess if you're a young professional with cash to blow on an overpriced, mediocre meal to tout your "Foodie" street cred to your date, then this is the place to go. I highly doubt this place will be around for long. Overpriced, "Foodie" versions of traditional meals like this are a poor business venture because people will usually opt for the cheaper, real version from somewhere more traditional and well-known instead of something the Food Network would try to sell them. I highly doubt this place has any repeat customers.
