My girlfriend and I went there for a few beers and something to snack on while watching the Sunday NFL games.  We got there in time for the Sunday night game, so the majority of the crowd was gone.  We sat at the bar which was mistake #1.  Including myself and my girlfriend, there were about 8 people sitting at the bar, with two awful bartenders tending the bar.  We sat there for about 5 minutes before we were asked to take our drink order.  So my girlfriend ordered a drink, which was made in front of us, and sat in front of us as the bartender gossiped for another 5 minutes about a fight that occurred earlier that evening.  20 minutes gone by, this is where we stand...One drink ordered (but sitting on the other side of the bar), one patron still hasn't ordered a drink (i.e. me), and the bar itself still hasn't been cleaned off from the patrons before us.  So she finally serves the drink, asks me my order and serves me my beer.  We then order an appetizer and a couple of sandwiches.  Appetizer is served (chicken tenders) to which we ask for blue cheese, utensils, and napkins.  We got 2 out of the 3.  Never got the blue cheese, the bartender just kept chatting away, after we ASKED HER 3 TIMES for the blue cheese.  While "enjoying" tenders with spicy mustard, the other bartender was making a drink in front of us, and proceeds to spill the entire drink in my lap.  No apologies, just takes away the plate I was using to eat and cleans up the mess.  Again, no apologies.  So she cleans the mess, and walks away.  Yup, I'm left without a plate, utensils, or napkin, and yup no blue cheese.  So as I sat there for a few minutes, I decided to use my fingers to eat my chicken fingers.  After another 20 min the food arrives.  My girlfriends wrap looked like death, and my burger wasn't actually my burger, it turns out someone else grabbed mine off the window, so the bartender brought me a different burger.  With that said, enough was enough.  I asked her to just skip the burger, I had lost my appetite, my girlfriend finished half of her wrap, and we got our bill and left.  I wasn't the only unfortunate one at the bar who received exemplary service that evening.  A couple next to us also were lucky enough to enjoy the same visit, and another table behind us who asked for an order of beers 3 times before they got their round.  Overall, the worst food and beverage experience of my life.  Not sure who is in charge of management, but they really need to reassess their staff.  Never going there again, and leaving a $6 tip was more than generous.  And, by the way...got any blue cheese??
