I have been a loyal Molly's customer ever since I can remember. I grew up in the area and Molly's has always been a favorite "go to" spot for me and my friends/family. Every time I come home for a few days I make a point to stop by for lunch or dinner, I did so this weekend with my boyfriend who had never been there before. I was excited to take him to my "favorite" spot for a late lunch, this couldn't have been a more horrific experience. We arrived and were seated promptly by a friendly hostess who made light conversation on the way to our table. Once we sat down we waited for about 10 minutes before our "server" came to offer us drinks. He never introduced himself, nor asked us how we were doing.( I put the word SEVER in quotes because we might as well have gone to the kitchen ourselves and picked up our food.)  The drinks came and I assume our "server" wanted to take our orders, but all he did was open up his order pad, look at us and said "alright." Once we realized that he wanted us to place orders, we did. I ordered the roasted beet salad and my boyfriend ordered a burger; fairly standard fare. The food came out in a timely fashion, and that was the best part of the whole experience. My salad was full of black slimy lettuce that seemed to have been sitting in dressing for about two days, there was no seasoning and lacked all around flavor. My boyfriends burger was cook as he liked it and tasted great. Not once did our "server" stop by the table and ask how everything was or offer us anything else; I wanted different dressing and my boyfriend wanted some barbeque sauce. Needless to say, we went the whole meal without. Finally, after picking thought my limpy, sad looking salad, we had finished. We had to flag our "server" down for a refil and our bill. He still never asked us how the food was. We paid, and left as soon as we could, with no one wishing us well as we walked out the door. I am sad to say that this is THE worst service that I have EVER received in my dining out experience. I am restaurant professional with 8 years in the industry, and would be ashamed to work at a place like this. Do you guys not have any service standards? Where is the training? The customer service skills are practically non existant and our "server" was as about as interesting and attentive as my limp salad. I will NOT be returning during any visits home, and will certainly not recommend this establishment to anyone that is looking for a good bite. Molly's has lost several loyal customers due to horrific service and not so great food. It's a shame that my past experiences have been so negative, because I really used to love dining out here. No more for me. Step your game up Molly's. A little training and some service standards would go a long way.
