I exited the restaurant after a hearty goodbye to the kind host who had seated us at one of the many luxuriously furnished booths. I exchanged a look with my brother, whose legendary magnanimity had, once again, allowed me to eat at my favorite restaurant without paying a cent. He is a hero. The look communicated supreme contentment and transmitted the knowledge that we both would never feel as human, as ready to take on the world, than after we ate a meal at the Mount Olympus of restaurants, Satish Palace. As I passed a fleeting glance over my shoulder upon walking back into the bitter cold, I thought my eyes deceived me. The elaborate and ornate paintings that Satish had hanging on his gold trimmed walls of heroic Indian deities and vicious battles began to change. Shiva the Destroyer's face began to elongate, and become more circular. Before I knew what I was witnessing, Satish himself had become the very Gods he worshipped. Transfixed by the sight of the Palace's proprietor becoming a demigod, I scarcely noticed the Cadilac careening down the snow-packed slopes of Bloomfield avenue. All I could do was leap out of the way as the car skidded across the barely visible double yellow and collided with the glass storefront that had so recently protected me against the winter's chill, a storefront which was now glowing a bright yellow. I saw my brother to my left, who had apparently not noticed the out of control car. He was pushed down in the commotion, and was lying with his face to the ground. But he maintained a curious pose: his belly was the only thing touching the ground, and he was pivoting on it like 360 degree rocking chair . His curry-bloated stomach had saved him from sure hospitalization. That's when things became crazy. A pair of hands grabbed me from behind, and a curry soaked rag was placed over my mouth so I could not scream. I was dragged away from my brothers and was pulled underneath one of the booths. Before I knew what was happening, I was tied to a floor and Satish was standing over me grinning disturbingly. All of a sudden, the room started to get hot. He poured some sticky white stuff all over me and it was then I realized what was happening- he was baking me into Naan! "Oh Heavens! At least make it garlic!" I said I thought I was doomed to die in the pillowy pile of bread. But there was hope yet. I felt a firm grip on my second to last toe, which, at the last possible moment before the naan became so solid that nothing would have passed through its carbohydrate clutches, pulled me with at once great force and delicate finesse out of the darkness of the oven and into the dry cold of the winter's night. It was, of course,my brother, the hero. During the rescue he had broken my toe, but, anticipating that eventuality, had reset my toe in its socket, and gave me a pat on the head. I turned my startled head to search for the hero, Satish, but when I saw him I gasped. He had morphed from mere mortal, to demigod, to steaming flaming pile of doodie.
