My recent New York trip, my friend from New Jersey highly recommended me Sushi House 21. Every time I visit the US, I go straight to Manhattan. However, being a big fan of Japanese food and hearing so many good comments about this restaurant, I decided to give it a try. I must say that I am very glad that I made the little detour. Sushi House 21 has become one of my favorite Japanese restaurants- top quality foods, friendly and customer-oriented service. I enjoyed the experience so much that my boyfriend and I went again on our way back to Montreal. We had the chance to try these delicious dishes: -Hot Stone Steak: A quality steak slightly seared and sliced served with a hot stone on which you can sear the meat, if you want, at your own taste. It is perfect dish to share. I love my steak raw but my boyfriend likes it cooked so with this method, we can both fully enjoy that lovely piece of steak. May I also add that it is fun to do. - Grilled Calamari: When my boyfriend ordered it, I was a bit scared as we had too many bad experiences with grilled calamari. Either it is overcooked so it`s like rubber or not enough...BUT, impressively, it was done perfectly. Did not have to fight to bite into small pieces to chew and that sauce is simply delicious. - Ramen: The part that struck me by surprise in this dish is the flavor in the soup. I usually just eat the noodles and the leave the soup. But I couldn't resist. My boyfriend was shocked when he saw that my bowl was empty. - Sake Seafood Udon: I told the waiter that I loved sake. I am not sure if this dish is on the menu but the chef made us a sake-based seafood udon. It is rare that I address my thank you to the chef directly. I usually give my comments to the waiters and that's it. After this sensational bowl of sake-based udon, I expressed my satisfaction personally to Chef Nelson. - Mixed sushi/sashimi platter: What is Japanese food without sushi and sashimi? The fish was fresh and the taste of the rice was so well-balanced. It is not only delicious and fresh but the presentation is beautiful
