We used to come to the old Grilled Pablano all the time when we had a car.  Now that we are car-less, we stopped going there for a lack of transportation.  We remember the food fondly and decided that when we rent a car, we would return to it. This past Saturday, we rented a car and decided to go give Azteca a try.  The whole experience was awful from the beginning to the end. We walked in and joined a table with three people that were waiting for a menu. We were given menus before them.  Seeing that the other table was understandably annoyed, I pointed out to our waiter that they were here before us and probably was waiting for their menu as well.  The waiter came over to give the menu to our neighbors when a couple sat down at a table next to us.  They were given menu promptly.  Ten minutes later, the waiter came and took order from the table with the couple (the last arrival).  I was a bit miffed so I asked the waiter if I could place an order as well.  He said you will have to wait and he will be back to take the order after he takes the other order to the kitchen.  At this time, the table with 3 customers (the people who were there before us) got up and left in disgust. The waiter returned to take our order.  We craved a good Mexican food so we ordered an 4 entree (two adults and two young kids) and two appetizers.  When I asked if I can have quesadilla with tongue and chorizo mixed together (they cost the same), the waiter said he has to check with the chef if they can mix the two stuffings.  Fifteen minutes later, he returned with a curt "NO" answer.  I then told him that I will just cancel my quesadilla order completely since the kids won't finish their meals and we ordered two appetizers.  The waiter looked angry, but didn't say anything.  The appetizers came within 20 minutes, which is a decent time, but we waited patiently for more than an hour after we had ordered the food and still there were no sign of main entree.  The waiter stopped by once to fill our water cups for my wife, son and daughter, but didn't pour me one.  I thought he ran out of water and was going to go get more.  No, he proceeded to refill the cups for the couple that came in last.  This alone could have been viewed as an honest mistake, but taken together, it clearly painted a picture of resentful waiter exacting a retribution.  An hour and 15 minutes after I ordered, I asked to cancel the entree and I want to pay for the appetizer because we have to return our rental car and cannot afford to wait any longer.  The waiter gave us the bill without any explanation, without asking why and certainly without any apology.  This ranks as one of the worst services I have ever encountered in my life. I will be very surprised if this place last more than a year or two before their attitude catches up with them.
