I love this place - or I did.  I brought a friend to experience the beer garden and the bartenders outside did a great job of handing over cans, but when it came to pouring shots for my friends, they were literal half-shots.  My friend asked him to pour a proper shot and they did remedy it and also gave him a round of shots to make up for it.  Really appreciated that. Then, at about 1:40 the bouncer came to the back and shut all of the lights off and said we had to leave.  We still had to close our tab and finish our drinks but, because we did not move fast enough, he threw a beer on my friend.  It was full, and my friend was literally soaked.  That is completely unacceptable and not within the rights of a bouncer.  They didn't even give a warning that the beer garden was closing, just shut off the lights and started barking orders at us.  Due to the fact that the friend who had a drink thrown on him was small, gay and clearly no match for the bouncer, I hurried and told the manager who said he would, "look into it" and as I left I informed the bouncer that I had told management.  He said that I was a "tranny looking c**t" amidst other abuse he yelled at me in the street.  After this, I indicated that I would look into calling the police and that I needed his name.   He refused to give it to me so I said I would take a picture to ID him - he said "FINE, TAKE A PICTURE!", smiled, and as I did, he smacked my phone out of my hand and smashed it on the ground.  I picked it up to call the police (with his picture still intact despite my smashed screen) and he disappeared inside and fled the scene before the police arrived.  I called inside to speak to the manager (I asked very nicely, I might add) and they HUNG UP ON ME instead of putting him on the line. And get this - I was not even drunk.  My friends and I had just come from work at a restaurant across the street and he somehow decided that we were drunk and smaller than him and that he could treat us however he wanted. If this is how they treat patrons who have been there repeatedly and given them significant amounts of money - I wish I had known earlier and I will never be back. There are plenty of places that are just as fun, but without the added battery.
