We went to Ladurée on Madison Avenue on Monday, November 10th, 2014. First of all, the location is great- a convenient, easy walking distance from Central Park, and about fifteen blocks from the Plaza Hotel. I have friends who work in Paris who are always going on about how great Ladurée on the Champs Élysées is,  so we decided to stop into their New York location to try the famous macarons while we were in the city. The macarons are $2.80 a piece, and a box of a dozen came to about $31.00. We tried the following flavors: rose petal, orange blossom, violet & blackcurrant, caramel fleur de sel, coffee, vanilla, chocolate coconut marshmallow, and sesame praline. Additional flavors on offer included strawberry, lemon, gingerbread, pistachio, and chestnut.  Here's what we thought of the flavors we tried: Rose Petal: we bought several of these because they came so highly recommended. I now regret this. The rose petal macarons are *extremely* floral. A tiny bite was enough for me, and I was still tasting rose petal for hours afterward. Orange Blossom: unlike the rose petal, this was floral in a good way. Light, sweet, and airy, I would definitely recommend this as the best of their floral flavors. Violet & Blackcurrant: while the violet cookie part was very good, the blackcurrant jam in the middle was more like fruit leather. It was chunky and difficult to chew- the texture was a major turnoff. Sesame Praline: the sesame praline was good, but very nondescript. It was hard to identify any particular flavor and was mostly just sweet. Coffee: the coffee was really enjoyable, with the flavor of a frothy, sweetened latte. I would order this again. Vanilla: the vanilla was delicious and I wish I had ordered more of these than the rose petal. It was rich and buttery, like French Vanilla ice cream packed into a macaron. Caramel Fleur de Sel: this was awesome! I don't usually like caramel, but this was so good. It was sweet and buttery, and perfect.   Chocolate with Coconut Marshmallow: this was by far my favorite. It was rich and chocolate it without being too sweet, and the chewy but light marshmallow center was perfect. I should've gotten a whole box of these! We also tried two other treats: a pistachio financier and madeleines. The pistachio financier was perfect- sweet and nutty with a chewy exterior and soft, moist interior.  It was delicious and I would definitely get one again.  The madeleines were a disappointment. Madeleines are my favorite cookie, and I do hold them to a high standard, but these were barely passable. Dry and stale, with very little of the characteristic buttery lemon flavor I've come to expect, I don't think they were worth what we paid for them. While we didn't try and of their other goodies, they certainly offer a wide range of larger and more complex treats. From éclairs to harmonies to St. Honorés to mille-feuilles, there is quite a selection of gorgeous pastries to choose from!  These larger pastries ranged in price from $5-$10. All in all, while it is a bit expensive, I would definitely recommend stopping by if you're in the area. It's a fun treat, a beautiful little artisan shop, and the staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. Bon appétit!
