I have mixed feelings about this place. First, the good: If you want italian, they got it!  They seem to have everything.  Whether you want to buy groceries to cook at home, or eat there, they've have it.  Great fish, meat, and tons of pastas and sauces.  Homemade linguini pasta (fresh, not dried) looked fabulous and I'll come back to buy, even at $6.00 per pound. Cafe is you want to sit and have a coffee & pastry or gelato, or a sandwich.   Nice assortment. Great assorment of cheeses to buy for home use. The Bad: There's a place to drink wine and eat in the middle with NO seats.  Glasses of wines and plates of proscuitto served and people STAND and eat by counters that fit  4 people.  I gotta say this, you folks who would spend this kind of money (it ain't cheap) to stand and eat are idiots.  Clearly this is an "eat and get outta here" method that you're giving into like dumb sheep. Even the coffee cafe has seats! You gotta have "moron" stamped on your head to pay these high prices to stand at a table and eat. Sheesh! The prices in general.  Yes, I know good food is expensive. But Yikes! This is like a food museum!    A box of dried spaghetti for $6.00 a pound and a box of dried lasagne noodles for $8.00 a pound?  Trust me, if you make lasagne w/ $8.00 a pound dried noodles or $1.89 a pound  noodles it's going to taste exactly the same! The crazy rush.... Shopping isn't exactly pleasant.  It's rushed and noisy.  There are lines for everything.  And you're manuvering around people standing and waiting for restaurant seats (yes, they do have a place w/ seats)  with your groceries in hand.  Unlike Trader Joes, or Whole Foods, which are also busy and crowded, yet encourage looking,  you really don't want to linger here.  You want to get what you need and get out asap.   Maybe that'll change, but if you grocery shop at lunch or dinner times, you're going to encounter this. In conclusion..... If you need a specialty italian item, they probably have it.  And I'd   come to the cafe for a coffee, pastry, ice cream, or a sandwich to take out. butif I wanted to sit and enjoy it,  I think I"d rather go to the Limelight  which is much more mellow and pleasant. This place def has a "get what you want and then get the hell out of here" vibe.  At these prices, it's not for me other than for hard-to-find items, or at an off hour for a coffee.
