Alright. I'm a student and I live a stone's throw from Claire's. Claire's cake is pretty much the gold standard for baked goods within the Yale bubble, and rightfully so--it's affordable and it's a meal unto itself. But after three completely unsatisfying meals at Claire's, I'm ready to call it quits with their menu and just stick with the cake, and anyone else would be wise to do the same. Claire's burritos are stupid. At least, that's how I felt for ordering one when a "waiter" (read: prep cook in an apron smothered with food scraps and sauce stains) plunked down a mother of a nine dollar disaster in front of me. A large, brittle wheat tortilla filled with a gluey mixture of refried beans, white rice (!), and heaps of mozzarella cheese (?!), topped with a sad dollop of salsa and more cheese, as if to atone for its sin against Mexican food, was staring me down. I can't just throw this thing out; God knows I paid enough for it. So I choked it down and suffered the grim consequences later. A few weeks later, I came crawling back on a weekday for a spinach, tomato, red onion, and cheddar omelette for about eight dollars. Now this was more like it. Though the omelette was not cohesive in the structural sense (veggies spilled all over the plate), it tasted fine and I thought it was worth the money. Something about it just lacked substance, though. The layer of egg was too thin and fractured easily, and just wasn't satisfying. I mean, I'm sinning against the vegan gods, right?! Can't I at least get a nice, fluffy omelette? Nope. The half a wheat baguette that accompanied my omelette didn't compliment the flavors of my main dish at all, and was too salty. Won back points for being hot from the oven, though. Then, this morning, I went back with a group of three friends for brunch. One of us proclaimed, "I see no meat on this menu" and refused to order anything at all. Such is life. I wanted a pizza bagel, my friend ordered a specialty omelette, and another of us was all over the California quesadilla. No dice--the lunch menu was off-limits despite the fact that it was 11:45 a.m. So I settled on a perfectly fine raspberry bran muffin and the WORST fruit and yogurt parfait of my life. Choked by the overwhelming portion of frozen raspberries in my bowl, I gave up after five bites. Quesadilla kid settled for a fried egg sandwich that came open-faced, with a heavy sprinkling of unmelted cheddar cheese that seemed to taunt us: "Remember that melty cheesy quesadilla you wanted? Yeah, this ain't it. Suck it." Omelette guy was unimpressed by his huge, bland portion. So please, save yourself some heartache and stick with the cake. Coffee cake, marble cake, raspberry cream cheese pound, all well-loved. Also: nine dollar credit card limit is ENFORCED, for some reason. And they're not nice about it, either.
