Yum!! Uncle Moustache deserves five stars!! The owner (our waiter I'm only assuming was the owner as there was no other wait staff in the place) was so generous! He gave us a free dip with our appetizer and a free dessert!! Now on to the delicious/good things! :) First of all, the decor is awesome. I love French antiques, as I am French and grew up living with my grandmother who had tons of chotchkies, so I felt at home! The background music is also chosen impeccably. I enjoyed listening to all my favorite indie bands while enjoying conversation and the food. We were a little confused when we walked in as there was nobody to be found besides the 'pitza guy' (I'm not really sure what to call him, my apologies). My girlfriend and I were looking for someone to give us direction as to what to do, but they we couldn't spot someone so we asked said pitza man if we should just seat ourselves and he nodded. Once we sat down, a man (I presume the owner?? as there was no other wait staff for the evening) greeted us and offered to open our bottle of wine right away. After our wine was poured, he asked what we were thinking for an appetizer. We ordered the mezze sampler for our appetizer and we couldn't really decide what we wanted, so the owner was generous enough to offer to choose for us! He even gave us an extra dip on the house! Oh and another perk? They actually ask you if you would prefer whole wheat pita or regular pita! We chose whole wheat and the pita was piping hot when it arrived to the table with the platter, just as I like it. The dips were smokey and delicious (I'm not really sure what we got; one was definitely hummus and another eggplant dip but I don't know the rest). As for our entree, I got the ouzi and my girlfriend got a chicken pitza (I don't remember the name of it, but I'm pretty sure all of their pitzas are delicious as this one was yummy). Our dishes arrived quickly, and EXTREMELY HOT! I was amazed as I've never had food arrive to the table this hot and so fresh out of the oven! Our dishes were giving off heat like nobody's business. My ouzi arrived very crispy (you could actually hear it crunch under my knife and fork) but with nothing on the plate. In addition I was missing the yogurt sauce. About 5 minutes later he arrives with the yogurt sauce (he was busy and I presume he forgot?? which I understand as I used to be a waitress and have been alone once or twice and know how hectic it can get). Besides this, the ouzi was incredibly delicious. I usually don't like raisins in my food, but they added to this dish. The ouzi was incredibly flavorful. The rice was not overcooked (this happens sometimes when you stuff it into things) and the chicken was tender (I later wished I ordered the lamb ouzi). My friend's pizza was so crispy and cooked to perfection. It was very light and satisfying. By the time we were finished eating we were stuffed and couldn't eat dessert!! We just ordered coffee [it took about 20 min to arrive and he wasn't brewing it fresh as the coffee pot was in plain sight], but the owner somehow overheard my girlfriend was taking me out for a belated birthday dinner and he brought us a free plate of dessert and wished me a happy birthday!! It was a pistachio baklava?? and it was simply delicious (I don't really enjoy dessert, mind you). I will most definitely be returning to Uncle Moustache in the future!! My only suggestion, don't be afraid and add more Lebanese dishes to the menu!!
