After a beautiful show with my children and mom at the Philadelphia Orchestra, we decided to head into Chinatown for dinner. Entering the restaurant there were no customers. The staff were sitting among some of the table. The older woman pointed to the table where she wanted us to sit. Taking our seats I started looking around. I noticed a bright pink sign that stated "Cash only, credit card machine not working." I then stated to the older lady we needed to leave because we did not carry cash. She stated that it was ok to use the credit card. A couple had now joined us in the restaurant, they were pointed to sit in the far corner. The older lady took our order which included  (2) small wonton soups & pork fried rice ---both were very good! We also ordered Lemon Chicken and Sweet & sour chicken to share. After receiving our two main dishes, we took a small bite of the lemon chicken, (we did not like the taste, texture or appearance). Calling over the older lady we softly explained that we did not like the taste of the lemon chicken, she asked why, we explained our reason but she was not happy with the answer. Her response "No returns No refunds! She even went as far to grab a toothpick and dig out a piece of the lemon chicken from our table to look inside of it. She tried to show me her menu as to what lemon chicken was, I explained to her this was not the my first attempt at order or eating lemon chicken. At that point asking for another dish was not going to be an option for us. My teenage son who can eat just about anything did not like the sweet & sour chicken, he said it was very chewy and mostly dough/breading. After my son finished the pork fried rice and my daughter ate her white rice, I asked for the bill. On the bill she still had the $9.50 Lemon chicken charge on it. I explained to her, we were not going to pay for that meal. After a conversation that was surprisingly full of rudeness she choose to remove it off the bill. I signed the credit card receipt but also  I did not leave a tip. As my family and I were getting up from the table the older lady came over picked up the receipt and yelled "No tip, I don't see tip on table, where did you leave it". I replied nicely (as there was another couple eating) "No I did not leave a tip" She asked why and I stated that her customer service skills were terrible, she was very rude. Not once did I raise my voice to her, nor did I show her any disrespect, however I told her she showed my family all the rudeness we deserved for one night. I would never return to this venue. I even went as far to contact my credit card company and notified them of the events because I did not leave with a good feeling and wanted to place an alert should anything different appear on my credit card statement.
