From the reviews that I read on this site and another 'famous restaurant guide' I almost made the horrible mistake to not try this  'right on' restaurant... I think New Yorker's are so fortunate to have such great places to experience that they don't realize what restaurant snobs they are.  And honestly I think they lose touch with what 'Authentic food' is. Not a chef's twist on what it could or should be but a true authentic experience. I am a foodie-- big time-- and generally tend to like establishments that serve true authentic food in an authentic setting.  Balthazar was exactly that.  Walking in I am suddenly transported to Paris in my favorite bistro...the look, the feel, the SOUNDS and aromas. For those of you who have never been, think "Somethings Gotta Give" when Diane Keaton is sitting her favorite bistro and Nicholson walks in... My dining partner and I are seated immediately upon arrival at a nice table for two and promptly greeted by a server.  I must say the only unauthentic thing I noticed about Balthazar is that our server was not the usual stuffy 'you're lucky you're eating here' french server you might get in Paris. Our server was knowledgeable, to the point, no frills and experienced. Our food came out hot when it was supposed to be hot, cold when it was to be served cold.  Our water glasses were never empty and neither was our wine glasses...which I love.  The food, wine, water etc came in a timely fashion and the server waited until both parties at our table were finished eating before any dishes were cleared (the true French way).  Never once were we rushed.  Every 'i' was dotted. Now about the food.  My dining partner and I like to order several things when we try restaurant out for the first time. With the perfection of the menu  I was saddened to see many of the tables around us eating one thing each and the most nontraditional thing on the menu like the grilled chicken salad and bread and then leaving. And then writing some review somewhere and saying it was not that great...what a joke.   We started with a lovely bottle of Rose chilled perfectly and just plain water which I loved how it was being served out of a clear wine bottle with 'no ice' how much more french can you get! Love it.  Of course the bread was as I had expected, excellent...Thanks Martha for making me aware of this place. We wanted to try a few things so we started with the Plateaux De Fruits De Mer--Le Grand.  Words can not even describe this tower of heaven from the sea. Ice cold, various types of fresh oysters and clams on the half shell, some simple--some seasoned, mussels, shrimp, crab, razor clams, and a wonderful ceviche.  The accompanying sauces were the exact and authentic compliment...homemade mayonnaise with a touch of fresh herbs, perfectly made cocktail sauce--with just enough horseradish, a perfect mignonette sauce and finally of course lemon wedges.  We were in heaven. Our next course was the Steak Tartare and Pommes frites.  What a treat that was. Perfectly seasoned served exactly how it should be with a few greens and perfectly thin crisp bread slices and the pommes frites...how can you go wrong with home-made fries with a side of aioli served in a cone shape? Another bottle of that fabulous Rose of course... Finally we had the Sauteed Skate 'Beurre Noir' with haricots verts and hazelnuts.  Do you know how hard it is to find let alone make the perfect beurre noir (not the brown butter you generally get served somewhere)?  The skate was delicious cooked ...again perfectly...on top of the crisp fresh haricot verts and topped with a sprinkling of crushed roasted hazelnuts.  I haven't had this dish prepared this well since my last trip to Lyon. At this point we were so pleased and 'rassasier' that we had no more room for dessert but our server suggested we take out  some of the wonderful pastries which we did...my partner and I can't decide which we enjoyed more the apricot tarte, banana chocolate tarte or maybe the pecan tarte...we'll let you decide. All in all this was by far the best French bistro experience we have ever had this side of France...and if it was in France I'd eat there too. My only disappointment is that I could not have one of everything on the menu and that I don't live in NY so I can't experience Balthazar on a weekly basis. Oh and by the way the prices were spot on...what we got was well worth the money. Nothing was too pricey and the portion sizes were substantial. I highly recommend Balthazar Restaurant and to all you critics that don't get it out there --stick to your 'trendy places' and leave more room for us true foodies to experience a little french heaven in the big apple.
