Went to El Vez with a girlfriend for a girls night out and had a great time - definitely a fan of the Starr restaurant group and was hoping the Mexican-themed restaurant would pan out into something unique and tasty, and it definitely did for both of us. We started with the Nacho Mama app which had a great kick of spice melted in with the cheese and a nice overall flavor to it and also tried the Cactus/Crab Salsa - now I'm not usually THAT adventurous but my friend is and it turned out to be really good. The crab tasted fresh and definitely went well with the nachos we got (in a weird way!). I tried the Calabaza Soup and the presentation was amazing - seriously. Basically the waiter brings you a huge bowl that has what looks like salsa, avocado, and some other stuff in it (mini quesadillas - they're adorably small with some cream on top) and that's sitting in the middle of the bowl. At first glance, I'm like - are you kidding me, where's the soup?! -- but then the waiter leans over and pours the broth in; such a FANTASTIC presentation. I loved it. For the main course, my friend had the Mexican Pizza, essentially a flatbread comprised of Mexican flavors; and she really enjoyed it. She also ordered the Corn Bread. I got the Chipotle Chicken Tacos - their were 3 small tacos on the plate (tapas style), and they weren't a main course at all (in my opinion), BUT that being said, they were really tasty. I would have liked more of the chipotle flavor to come out from the dish since I'm a huge flavor-kick/spice fan, but overall it was good. And the tapas-style dish didn't bother me too much since we were really sharing everything for the main dish (the corn bread was super unique, big fan and glad she shared with me, haha). The people seated next to us had the Tacos for 2 and they engaged us in conversation when they saw us gawking at their plate - we all had our entrees around the same time and a pitcher of margaritas in we were comparing notes on the dishes and looking at what we might try out next time. For dessert (we were about to roll over we were so full) we got the Mexican Bananas - which are actually plantains but same thing, essentially. They were a bit overdone (lots going on - think a banana split you had when you were 10 and couldn't finish for weeks if you tried as it was full of different toppings) - but it was gooooood. Not too expensive, but definitely more expensive than it says on the Yelp page. Just a few gripe: We liked our waiter but I would say that the service was slow - sure the place was packed (Saturday night) and we were enjoying sharing appetizers and having drinks while waiting for our main course so it wasn't too much of an issue, but we were looking to have a bit better service; IE: our margarita pitcher was empty and it sat that way while we finished the water on our table. Ordered a second pitcher after the entree and finished it and wanted an after-dinner drink but the waiter was too slow which was a bummer because some of those drinks looked great but we had already been there for nearly 3 hours!! Needless to say, the place was ridiculously busy (they had a 2+hour wait when we arrived but luckily had a reservation that we made about 2 weeks in advance since my friend was coming from out of town for the weekend). Definitely try out as much as you can on the menu and absolutely make a reservation in advance if possible!! Overall we loved the place - great vibe, decor that set the tone for a fun night and good 'ol food. Will be back.
