Talking about disappointment...I love good BBQ, and really look around the city to find something authentic, not drowned in sauce covering the real taste and flavor of the meat. I first asked my server what style of BBQ they serve, and whether it was beef or pork ribs. After a deer-in-the-headlight look, she said she didn't know, but I can ask the bartender. So I did. Funny, I got the same response "Umm, I'm not sure, let me get somebody who knows." After another 5 minutes a woman comes out to tell me they are pork ribs. I asked if they were St Louis or Memphis style, and if they were rubbed. I can still hear the crickets! So seeing as these employees have no clue as to what food they serve, I figured I'd stay with what they advertise as good texas beef brisket. The brisket was ok - not great - but very dry and didn't have that traditional smokey flavor one gets from eating real 'cue. Having lived in the South for 11 years, 3 years in Mississippi, and 2 in North Carolina, I am very familiar with the territorial battles of good BBQ. If you make decent BBQ, it should be succulent, moist and very flavorful, without sauce. Unfortunately, I had to hit mine with sauce to flavor it up - and the sauce was average at best. Ratings for Food: Beef Brisket - 1.0 stars because it was a decent portion, but would have been lower if the sauce wasn't there. There is NO PERSON IN THEIR RIGHT BBQ MIND WHO WOULD EVER "BRINE" THEIR BEEF BRISKET !!! Thats sacriligious, and just proves that "chefs" should stay in French cuisine instead of monkeying with the oldest recipe known to mankind for curing, preparing, and smoking meats properly. Didn't try the ribs or the pork belly sammich - so I can't comment. Maybe if I hear decent reviews I'll try, but I doubt it. Side Dishes: Very average - not to hard to make Kraft mac-n-cheese. Service: 1 star - Really bad. How can you work in a BBQ joint and not know what you serve?!?! How does it take 3 different people to ask one stupid question - beef or pork ribs....aint that difficult people. Pay attention to your trade, or know your own menu. That tells me they weren't trained or have poor management - especially when the manager decided not to come over and say anything as he watched me ask three different people the same question and nobody could answer - my guess he didn't have a clue either. It was 6PM on a Thursday, and I was one of 5 people in the place - I would think sitting at the bar I would have better, more informed employees who know how to do more than fill a mason jar with beer. Can't say I would recommend this place or ever go back. Waiting to find a "real" authentic BBQ joint in Philly who knows the difference between pork and beef.
