I had been to Cuan Pete's many times in the past for large parties as well as more intimate dinners and never had what one would call spectacular service. Even so, for my 25th birthday, I decided to make a reservation there b/c it was near by for my friends and it's BYOB. What a disaster!! I had called at 11:30 AM to make the reservation for 12 people. The woman said that it was no problem. I received a phone call at 6:30 PM confirming my reservation for 8 PM. I arrived at Cuban Pete's at exactly 8PM with 4 other people. It was RIDICULOUSLY packed. There were people all over the host area as well as sitting on the stairs. Had there been a fire, people would be toast. When I finally reached the host table, a young woman told me to wait so she could speak to the owner (maybe manager) before seating me.  He was busy yelling at another customer about his reservation (that should've been a clear sign already). Finally, he asked me if my whole party was there. They were not, b/c like MOST people's friends, people arrive late.  I told him no, but they were on the way.  He told me he couldn't seat me until everyone arrived. I told him that he should've mentioned this when I called and made the reservation and he said "No I don't have to do that." At this point, I was really annoyed, it was my birthday, I was squished in a tiny space w/ tons of other angry people and waiters running around with hot plates. I try to explain to the jerk owner that I had SPECIFICALLY made a reservation to avoid this type of problem... had I just waltzed in there and asked for a table for 12, I would understand having to wait for the whole party.  But I had RESERVED a spot for 12 for 8PM, it should be ready for me! What does he do? He tells the young lady hostess to cross my name off the list b/c he "doesn't want me in there anyway".  So I tell him he's a f-ing a-hole and go to Mexacali Rose down the street who were SUPER accommodating! I WILL NEVER GO TO CUBAN PETE'S AGAIN! So rude, so unprofessional, the food isn't that great, and the space is a fire hazard!
