okay where do I begin. I have never written a review in all my years of visiting restaurants, but today I have made a point of when I left Vesta to make a point to come home and write this review.   I have visited this restaurant several times and today was the straw that broke the camels back for me.  I came today for dinner with 3 other people and they all had the lasagna that was good as it is always but the rib eye steak that I requested and made a point to ask the waiter if they can cook my steak medium ( pink in the middle).  It came out of the kitchen like cardboard it tasted like yesterdays steak that was cooked and returned and placed on my plate for service and thus my rib eye came back over cooked.  Whoever heard of a well done rib-eye.  I decided not to complain but to take my steak home and give it to my neighbors dog as a treat after contemplating what will I do with it if I were to take it home.  I decided not to take a chance to even attempt to salvage it for human consumption after running four different recipes in my head.  It gets even better.  One thing I hate the most is when you go into a restaurant and the food is bad and the service is even worse.  That is just the worse of the worse.  I  can stomach a bad dinner as the chef is having a bad day or there is a new chef in the kitchen, but when I get bad service that was it for me.  I asked for one thing I got something else and after I pointed it out he never bothered to bring me what I needed.  After 15 minutes la I had to ask the busboy or helper who was more on point instead of the asshole that was serving us.  I have visited restaurants all over the world and he was the worse only because his attitude is of someone who thinks he is doing you a favor to serve you.  I think not, NOTE TO OWNER:  WHEN SOMEONE COMES TO YOUR RESTAURANT THEY PAY FOR DECENT SERVICE AND A DECENT MEAL.  I PAY FOR IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have recommended your place in the past to other people and I have decided that I will make a point to whenever someone asks me about where can I go to get a decent meal and decent service, I will answer first whatever you do DO NOT EVER GO TO VESTA and I will then continue to give them different options....
