Shabu Tatsu, a popular lower east side Japenese restaurant, is a place that all people should try at least once in their lifetime. This unique restaurant, known for their dish, Shabu Shabu, is one where you get to cook in the middle of your table, which makes it perfect for any type of eater, picky to risky, and wonderful for enjoying a meal with friends. This restaurant is located on east 10th street, just off 2nd Ave., easily located by foot or by subway from most places in Manhattan, which could be a reason it is packed by 6 o'clock most nights. Or maybe it's because it's one of the only places in New York City that you can cook for yourself, and even though you might think that you can do this at home, this is very different. Your waiters bring to the table beautiful platters of freshly prepared food all ready to cook and because you are cooking for yourself, under the waiters supervision, you get to have complete and utter control over their mouth watering sauces and stews. I am usually a picky eater but whenever I am at Shabu Tatsu I jump to get the menu and search through what I know will be some of the best food I've ever had. Some of my favorite choices include the Tofu Teriyaki as an appetizer and dishes in the sukiyaki cooking style where you get to cook your food in a delectable sauce. The Tofu Teriyaki is a perfect mix between crispy outside and soft inside and the sesame seeds on top are the finishing touch to a perfect dish. I could eat this for as long as I live if it wasn't $8 a pop. The sukiyaki dish is even better than the teriyaki because you get an assortment of vegetables, noodles, tofu and meat (beef, chicken, seafood, or vegetarian) to cook in a broth, so that when your food comes out of the steaming dish in the middle of your table it has the most powerful taste and smell. Something you almost never get when one chef is cooking separate dishes far away in a kitchen. When you arrive at Shabu Tatsu you will be given a large or small booth and at the center of your table there will be a heating element that can either become a grill or hold a pot. Even though the restaurants space is small, it is clean and well lit with nice décor that makes you feel like you are in a Japanese home. Because each group of people gets a separate booth and table it can be a nicely private place. As for the staff they are a nice mix of attentive and aloof. They're there to take your order and set up your table, but after you get a quick crash course on how to cook the food you're on your own, it's up to you to continue preparing your food. This can be a very social event because everyone has different opinions on when and how to cook the ingredients. A meal  that isn't just fun to eat, it's fun to cook and share. You can also order a la cart items that come to you already cooked if you are just looking for a nice Japanese restaurant. This is one of my favorite restaurants and nothing would stop me from going there every night if it wasn't for the high prices and that it is almost always super crowded. Each of the main dishes cost roughly $40 for two people. Also, you have to remember to make reservations ahead of time, especially if you plan on going on the weekend, because it fills up quickly. Other people agree with me that the restaurant is great. On yelp.com people talk about the clean atmosphere and rave about the food, sometimes mentioning the occasional long wait or pricy food. One person did compare it to another shabu shabu place saying the other restaurant had twice as much food for half the price and saying that Shabu Tatsu didn't have a specific condiment for a specific dish. I do think that this place is a little expensive and that is why I use it as a special occasion place, as I recommend you do too. So next time you want to have a great dinner you can cook together with friends make a reservation and head over to Shabu Tatsu.
