A small, very quaint pizza place with a lot of "swag." A Jay-Z and Beyonce special, Lucali helps makes itself a sought after place of eatery. Open from only 6 pm . on, Lucali creates its own swag by becoming somewhat exclusive as its small venue and limited hours make for an extended wait even if arriving when the doors open. Although the wait is almost guaranteed to be at least an hour, they do take your number, which allows for you to do other things while you wait. Lucali also has a "bring-your-own-drink"  policy which can be a good use of your waiting time as you go and purchase the accompanied dinner beverage. The venue itself, aside from being small, is everything you could want from a New York eatery-grungy, rustic, while also being very modern and upscale. Regarding, specifically Italian cuisine, Lucali gets it right. The place just feels like a carbon copy of what you would imagine getting a piece of pie from an early 1900's Italian establishment would look like. Even the waiters appear Italian. Food wise, I was disappointed. Not because of the food necessary, but because the rave reviews were almost too much to hold up to. All organic ingredients, and literally made "right before your eyes," the pizza cannot be more fresh. However, with that, it is hot, thin, and ultimately a somewhat runny pizza. The crust has a slight crunch, which is nice, but it is also kind of bland by itself. However, if you ask for a side of sauce, your waiter will bring you a nice spread of additional cilantro, mozzarella, and tomato sauce that helps assuage concerns about the pizza being too "bland." The side is also graciously free. In saying that, the pizza themselves are more on the pricey side with their basic running $24 and an additional $2-3 per topping after that. I did not get the calzone, but hear great things In conclusion, if you are looking for a high-end pizza establishment with a lot of notoriety, Lucali is your spot. If you like quality, organic ingredients, Lucali is where you want to be. If you don't mind paying around $25 per pizza, Lucali is your place. However, if you want a thicker, cheaper, pizza without the wait, as heralded as Lucali is, you might want to "go on to the next."
