The only reason I gave this restaurant two stars is because the food is good. BUT, the quality of the food does not compensate for the rudeness of the owner, who also serves as a waiter. The first time we attempted to try the restaurant, we were taken aback when the owner (we did not know Mario was the owner at that time; thought he was a rude Maitre d') --rather than greeting up plesantly --demanded, "Do you have a reservation?" We did not, as we didn't think it was necessary for an early evening during the week. While there were a few tables available, the only one he would offer us was one near the door, where there was a draft. We didn't stay, but decided to try again on a recent cold, winter night. This time, the restaurant was relatively empty. Still, he tried to seat us near the door. We politely asked if we could be seated at another table, where it was warmer and he barked that they were "for four people." Never mind that another couple was seated at a table for four. We eat out often and have been to many of the best restaurants in the country, as well as some mediocre restaurants. Still, we were not prepared for what the owner said next:"Well, you can sit there, but if I get busy I'll have to move you to another table." Say what!? Move us in the middle of our meal? While we should have left then and there, we did not, as we were hungry and it was frigid out. Because of the threat of being moved midmeal, we sat at a drafty table for two. Needless to say, we were uncomfortable and could not really enjoy the food. When the check came, we also found it awkward tipping the owner, who had served as our waiter.While it is most surprising that a resturant owner would be so unwelcoming, I see from some other Yelp reviews that others had the same experience at Il Triangolo. Update: Mario felt the need to weigh in on the review above with a dismissive,"Oh please...What a long story just for a table." So, not only doesn't he have any qualms about threatening to move someone midmeal, he apparently doesn't think it's important for diners to have a  comfortable dining experience.
