Ippudo NY is the Benihana of Japanese Ramen Houses and, though I have to admit the space is beautiful, the ramen is not of the same ilk as that of Rai Rai Ken, Ramen Setagaya or Momofuku Noodle Bar.   Unfortunately, the ramen at Ippudo is anemic.  The broth is porky but seems clarified (thereby removing the funk that only Minca and Rai Rai Ken possess) and the noodles are gaunt although the cha-shu pork topping is generally juicy and well-prepared.  The bowl arrives at the table lacking depth of character and, despite the taste being about 90% there, the portions seem smaller than other ramen competitors. If I had to choose between Pork Ramen Classic, Original or Shoyu, I would settle for Classic as the Original tastes acrid and the Shoyu is decent though not stellar. The aforementioned "funk", best described in the film 1985 Japanese Comedy Tampopo, outlines a well-seasoned pot that is ostensibly never taken off the stove. Though this may or may not hold true for Minca or Rai Rai Ken, their broth possess flavor profiles that go beyond the one-dimensionality of Ippudo's broth.  Although Minca might attribute this complexity to a seafood, chicken and pork combination, Rai Rai Ken boasts a massive central pot that has purportedly spent decades on the burner. Whether it is true or not, the depth of RRK's miso and shoyu ramens play an interesting counterpoint to the general simplicity and uniformity of Ippudo's ramens. For accompanying apps and entrees, I would RECOMMEND the chicken karaage (fried), the kakuni (pork belly), the Shrimp in Garlic Sauce, the Ippudo Roll and the avocado gratin. I would emphatically NOT RECOMMEND the kushi katsu (deep fried veggies, ham and salmon with sauce), the tofu & mozzarella salad and octopus sashimi with egg. Unfortunately, as a final note, the restaurant is also priced a little on the expensive side. Whereas Ippudo's ramen ranges from 12-16 $, similar to that of Momofuku Noodle Bar, Rai Rai Ken tops out with its Miso Ramen at 7.40$ and Minca at 11.50$ with its "special" Toriniku Ramen.   To summarize: Please go to Ippudo to enjoy the wonderful space and the affable service but do not go expecting mind-altering ramen.
