We went here without reservations and we were sat at one of the high tables next to the bar but not exactly at the bar. (so not getting the discount of half of hummus)  Being short I really don't like those type of tables. We were a walk-in so I guess it is very important to get reserve a table.       The really nice server's instructions were probably to " push" or "sell" the tasting menu.(one less star)  Seemed like a lot of food and kind of expensive for us.  I wanted a few things Hummus! a desert, and a drink.  We ordered hummus-Tahiti. The Turkish humus looked unappetizing who puts butter in hummus?        Our Hummas-Tahini was delicious.(num-o) So much better than most places. They used this non pita not tortilla, sort of fry bread type bread that went very nicely with the humus. There was this one place in Tel Aviv that was probably a little bit better than this place, but then we need to pay for a plane ticket. We also ordered the Crispy haloumi. It was a crispy, salty cheese and sweet puree of dates.  The combination of the two was very tasty to me.  We had also ordered Spiced (not spicy) eggplant. The Israeli (larger) couscous was flavored nicely. The eggplant wasn't memorable.      We were comped the water melon feta dish. I Iove yellow watermelon hadn't had that in a long time, either Israel or my friend's wedding.  Thin slices of yellow watermelon and red melon balls, with feta.  But it was pretty nice.        Now the desert was awesome.  Halvah or what I would call Tahiti pudding with blueberries was so good. They bring it to you in a small glass cup they layer the pudding then blueberries then the pudding then the blueberries then pudding. It is important to eat it the blueberries and the pudding in one bite. The combination of the two flavors are gorgeous.         I was really happy to hear The Idan Rachel project over the sound system and bathrooms had cool Jerusalem wall paper.   Was it an Israeli restaurant?...not really. This had way better service than any restaurant I've been to in Israel.  The owner was very friendly and our server was sweet.   If we every go back to Philly we hope to make reservations and have more of that humus.
