After hearing all the hype about the 2-sided feud between Pat's and Geno's and seeing both spots showcased by food network and travel channel, I knew I had to try one out on my trip to Philly. Going with my personal style, I like the no frills look of Pat's as I saw that Geno's looked like the younger, attention-starved sister. First off, let me say that I am not a picky food person, by ANY means. I like good tasting food no matter where it comes from, how its cooked, or calories included. At Pat's the line was huge but it moved fast, as I would soon find out why. Also, there is one line for just steaks and another line just for fries, drinks or whatever else. So this means that if you want a complete meal, you have to wait in one line first, then go to the next. We waited for about 15 minutes to get to the window where there was a board listing the steps in how to order. I had seen all the shows so I was familiar with this already. I get to the window and it was like they wanted you out of the way immediately. No "hi", "hello", or "what can I get you"... they just said next, didn't look at you, took your order and your money. I get it, they take your order quick so they can make the line move quickly. How about opening a second window for steaks?The staff was just flat out rude and seemed like they didn't want or care about your business. I ordered a "whiz wit" and a "provy wit". Less than 10 seconds later (literally), I had both sandwiches flying out at me and the cashier with his hand out for the $18 like the cashier for the Soup Nazi. Don't even think about finding a seat when this place is busy (always) so we ate standing up which I had no problem with. First bite, I stupidly tried picking it up and biting and when I did, i chomped down on dry, flavorless, tough, un-seasoned meat and a stream of grease (not juice) that went flowing down my arm. I finished the meal just because I was pissed that I spent nearly $40 on 2 steaks, cheese fries, and 2 sodas, and I wanted to get my money's worth whether it was good or not. I can deal with long lines, rude employees, and pricey food IF IT IS GOOD! But this stuff was not good, nor was it worth the mile we walked to get there. The only thing I kept saying was how disappointed I was because in my mind, I so wanted this place to be as great of a sandwich as it is made out to be. When walking back, we passed by Geno's and noticed the staff was polite and actually spoke when taking the order (go figure). I can't comment on whether theirs is better as I didn't try it, but I'm assuming its the same quality. TO ALL THOSE THAT SWEAR BY PAT'S, GET REAL! Bottom line: terrible sandwich, rude staff, greasy just for the sake of being greasy, and expensive. Avoid at all costs! When in doubt, ask a local where they go.
