First, I would like to state that I have never been compelled to submit to Yelp; as I generally do not have such strong feelings at the end of a dining experience, to warrant a review. But I had such a poor experience at Morini on Monday night (3/31/14) that I had to write something. I have eaten at Morini probably 15-20 times over the past two years, and have more often than not left extremely satisfied, sometimes even telling my friends that it houses the best Pasta in town. I've also hosted two functions there, one a work Christmas party for about 20 people and the other a friend's birthday celebration. Both of which went off with out a hitch. But on Monday, I had a very unpleasant experience while dining at Morini. My friends and I had a 8:30 dinner reservation but were hoping to be able to partake in "industry night," during which you get any pasta for 10 dollars after 9pm on Mondays. We tried to change the reservation to be seated at 9pm but had no luck so we came at 8:30, and figured we would order some drinks and appetizers, then order pasta dishes after 9pm. we were sat at 8:45. at around 8:55 I had to flag down a bus-boy and ask him to send a waiter to order cocktails and appetizers, as no one had came to our table yet. At  9:10 the waiter re-approached and we told him we intended to order a bunch of 10 dollar pastas. The waiter told us that even though we were ordering after 9, we had to have sat before 9 to participate in industry. so instead of having 5 pastas for 50 dollars, we shared 3 pastas for 68 dollars. Meanwhile, the table next to us, ordered at the same time and was getting their entrees for less than half the price. Ridiculous.   I understand that they don't want people to act like sitting ducks, coming early and waiting until after 9 to order- but in this case I found that was clearly not the situation. Moreover, from 9pm until 10pm (when we left) the restaurant was half empty, so they could have easily changed our reservation until 9. Overall, really poor service from a restaurant that churns out the best italian food in soho. Regretfully, Noah Blaichman
