Recently, I was invited to dinner at Minetta Tavern by a certain gentleman, who I've bumped into a few times around the city. We'll call him Mr. Niceguy. You know the type; he's ambiguously "older", absurdly short, has chronic halitosis (and is a bit of close-talker to boot, which makes him nearly impossible to bear), but he is also the absolute nicest foodie on the planet. Generous to a fault, always ready with a compliment or a clever quip about the latest cocktail craze, Mr. Niceguy is just that, a nice guy...not my next love affair. But, a week ago, when Mr. Niceguy asked me out to dinner at Minetta Tavern, I couldn't say no. I like to think of myself as a nice girl, and hey, Bruni just gave 3 starts to Keith McNally's most recent foray into trendy comfort food. Mr. Niceguy doesn't drink red wine, and so our meal began when we were forced to order our vino by the glass, something akin to heresy for the sommelier on the floor that night.  The minute I informed said sommelier we'd be ordering individually, "We have very different tastes...you understand," it was clear that he didn't.  I literally watched the enthusiasm drip out of his smile like a slow leak in a flat tire, and this was only the beginning of the evening. We decided to skip the much-lauded Black Label Burger and instead each had a Tavern Steak (a New York strip, served bloody, as requested), potatoes Anna (buttery and delicious) and two glasses of wine (me, a California Zin; he, an Austrian Riesling...with steak!). That's when I knew that, even if he weren't so goddamn nice, it could never work. White wine with steak is a deal-breaker for me, and Rieslings, well let's just say I didn't like grape juice as a kid, and I still don't. All in all, Minetta Tavern reminded me of a poor man's Waverly Inn; the food was solid, the crowd was über trendy, the décor was Old New York revived, the atmosphere was brilliantly alive, but the bill was a hell of a lot cheaper. I told Mr. Niceguy, and he agreed. He suggested I blog about it, (which I did, at kimberlybelle.com/2009/0…) I thanked him for dinner and told him I'd best head straight home to start writing. He responded, "Nice." -Kimberly Belle kimberlybelle.com dinnerbelleny.com
