Great place in University City to get your ramen fix. The ambience of place is very nice and clean. Waitstaff is usually very attentive. I've seen this place get pretty packed and randomly empty. Don't get discouraged if there aren't a lot of people. The food and service is always consistent. The broth for the ramen is pretty good in my opinion. It's not as heavy or greasy as I've seen other places make it, but it is not the lightest either. It's very savory. Meat portions could be more generous but suffice. They serve the ramen in a large bowl with a cool looking wooden spoon! I've eaten a lot of ramen in LA, and the kind served at Ramen Bar is a bit different. I'm not sure which is more "authentic" but I like the kind served at Ramen Bar. I prefer whichever style is served in LA, but I do not turn down Ramen bar! The noodles are different too. As much as I consumed ramen in my life I feel like I should be able to distinguish ramen noodles better by name, but the kind served in CA is wavy and softer, but the noodles served at Ramen Bar at straight and little firmer. They taste..like nothing. It's the broth that makes the dish. I've had: Tuna stuffed avocado appetizer: $9 for this! It's not enough food! I actually really like this dish. I usually eat it too quickly so I can't comment more on it than that it is true to the description. I just think it's ridiculous that you get so little for $9. I don't think this counted for the half off appetizers happy hour. I may be mistaken though. Kara Kara Tonkotsu Ramen: my favorite! I usually get this every time. I like my ramen a bit spicier so I have to add the chili oil and red pepper flake mix thingy. They usually serve this with 2-3 slices of meat. Green Curry Ramen Chashu/pork: it's a nice twist to traditional ramen. I personally would not order it again bc I am too loyal to kara kara tonkotsu. It's still good though. Spicy tuna  Crunchy Avocado Roll: decent. nothing wrong with it. Not overloaded with rice to make the rolls look bigger like other places do. i think it was $7. I feel like I could find this for $5-6 elsewhere. I think only 6 little rolls came out. I would have given this place 5 stars, but I think it is overpriced for their portions (comparing to ramen servings/prices in LA). ~$10-12 bowl of ramen + tax + tip = $14-16 for lunch? For a student, that makes it difficult to visit here more often. I've never seen any coupons for this place unfortunately. I think they have Happy hour for half off select appetizers, not sure about the hours. They also serve alcohol, which I can't comment on since I usually don't have any money to spend on drinks since it is spent on the overpriced noodles! However, I still frequent this place because it is convenient and never disappointing. =)
