Go! Go! Curry! - A Stoners Review Atmospheric Anxiety - 1 Dude, for how cramped this place is, it rates very low on the Anxiety scale. Four tables and a soda-fridge barely leave room for you to stand while ordering, but that's ok! Besides needing headphones to drown out the overzealous NYU students, this place is so gully, its a total No Flex Zone. Feel free to fulfill Kurt Cobain's wishes and "come as you are." Menu & Ordering - 5 Don't you hate when you're medicated and can't decide on what you want? Go Go Curry keeps your anxiety in-check by making SIZE and extras your only real options. Even then, you're left with 7 or so combos that are represented by HUGE, no frills photos posted on the overhead display. Repeat After Me: "Ayyo let me get that Grand Slam" Easy-Peasy- Japanesey   Flavor/$$ - 3.5 We all know everything tastes better when you're stoned and I REALLY wanted to give this place a 4.5 on first-bite flavor. The rice is fluffy, the Katsu is large & crispy, but... they were a little cheap on the curry. And even the curry itself was quite bland when compared to their own Midtown location. Also, the flavor palate is too limited to hit up on the reg. When flowers cost $20/gram, you gotta get the best for your buck where you can and in the  sub-$15 flavor category, Udon West still reigns supreme. #struglife - 5 If you cant satisfy two starving stoners for under $15 here, then you're doing it wrong. Grab a Grand Slam w/ extra rice and call it a day. If their stomach capacity is limited by the fabric content of their skinny jeans, you'll have leftovers.  Which brings me to our next category... Reheatability (microwave) - 1 Listen. Just don't. Biggest disappointment of my night. I was banking on stretching my half of a Grand Slam into two meals. You know, so I didn't have to pay ATM fees for a sh!tty deli sandwich later-on. Nah son. forget it. The rice gets harder than Hempcrete. Give the leftovers to a homeless dude IMMEDIATELY, else it may be a crime against humanity. Overall Stoner Friendly rating : 4 Peace, viZine viZion
