As we settled at our table, we were perhaps too lost in the menu to notice that we were delivered two glasses of water not only completely smudged with greasy fingerprints, but one with a dry shrimp tail stuck to its outside. I am not even willing to entertain what may have happened. I just want to be able to forget the disgusting sight before I die. I do want to emphasize that I am a huge fan of Sripraphai and that I frequent the Woodside location regularly. This is perhaps the only reason I went through with the meal, anywhere else I would have been out of the door at that moment. By this time, however, there was utter confusion about what the waiting staff was going to "do" with us. It was easy to discern that they decided to change us to a different waitress. Accordingly, our previous water who brought the glasses no longer, our new waitress did not yet care to give us any water. The lack of any fluid well into the first half hour of the visit was all that was wrong with my crispy watercress salad, I thought (I order it practically every time I go to this restaurant). The problem was much simpler: I forgot to tell the waiter that I did not want it to come as spicy as thai food gets. This I do admit is my fault. Yet I'd be hard-pressed to think of any visit to a thai restaurant where this is not something that a waiter is thoughtful enough to ask. Not even the water, which did arrive by that time arrive - following a trip to the counter with the request for it - helped me get through more than four bites. At this point, the choice is clearly between just not eating the appetizer, or doing what waiter friends of mine always warned me _not_ to do do: sending it back. The situation, by this time, was truly awful. So awful in fact that, for the first time in my life, I did send it back (and was secretly hoping that we could just forget that I ever ordered it at all). Yes, a replacement was provided, which tasted just fine. It was hard to finish it at this point, however, while being stared at by a group of waiters with easily perceptible hostility. One more thing to add: this happened during one of the _least_ busy times at the restaurant, on a Thursday afternoon, which might be a time when the managerial supervision is laxer than usual. Before this trip, I would have recommended this place unconditionally. Hours after the experience, still shaken up by what happened, I think I am on the market for a new favorite thai restaurant. It was a combination of the sanitary concern, the way in which it turned into a stand-offish reaction from the waiting staff, and the completely unexpected discomfort throughout the visit. I did have much better experiences when the restaurant is busy and chaotic, but I will not try again after this freak accident.
