Being an Italian/American with great cooks in my family & restaurant owners as well, I consider myself an accurate evaluator of Italian cuisine.  I am very fussy. I found LaScala on 615 Chestnut St- near the Walnut St. Theatre. I was in the mood for a dish not on their menu, but the manager, a very nice guy named Anthony, said his chef could prepare it. I wanted rigatoni with marinara (meatless) sauce.  I wanted my rigatoni, "al dente"..(meaning firm)-.    Too many Italian resturants overcook the pasta & instead of a firm tasty pasta, it's soggy.  This is not a good way to eat pasta. Also, I wanted meatballs.-The dipping oil with the bread was tasty & the bread was of high quality! Anyway- the dish came & it was..."exquisite"-!  The rigatoni were perfectly done.."al dente"...firm to the bite- (I knew this was a good quality Italian pasta they use.)- but the biggest and best surprise was the sauce, (or "gravy" as Italian/Americans from South Philly say)-- The marinara sauce was perfectly blended and had a mouthwatering taste!   It was a fine blend of tomatoes & spices, but not, like many Italian resturants, overly salty!  It had a nice texture & clung to the rigatoni well (not watery, like some marinaras are)- I really enjoyed my meal, as I topped off this luscuios dish with some grated parmesan cheese.     The meatballs were also great.    Tasty & not soggy.   The meat was obviously of high quality! I let Anthony know, how much I enjoyed my meal & told him to let his chef know! The next week, I returned with a friend.  He ordered the rigatoni Vodka.  This dish had Pancetta, sun dried tomatoes & tomato cream sauce!     He literally devoured it.  I did have a taste & it , too, was great-! I had ordered the baked lasagna, with a meat sauce & mozzarella cheese.  This dish, like my rigatoni, was a winner-! I highly recommend...LaScala restaurant to anyone wanting an authentic high quality, home cooked"...Italian meal, without spending an "Arm and a leg"-!   I found the service to be of good quality as well. This place, somehow had escaped my radar- but, now that I have found it, I am returning.   Try their "marinara" sauce, for a healthy change of pace-!
