Last night my cousin wanted to get everyone together and suggested Sunset Grille. Our party of five had a seven o'clock reservation.  The place was packed and the hostess told the reservation-less couple ahead of us, it would be about a two hour wait.  Sunset has an additional outdoor patio dining section that borders the airport runway.  Guests can watch small planes gracefully take off and land right in front of their tables. The outdoor patio does not take reservations and seats guests on a first come first serve basis.  When we arrived, the wait to sit outside was also about two hours. Few restaurants have a two hour wait these days so I was anticipating an amazing experience.  Drinks included all the standards and a decent wine list for what I would classify a casual neighborhood bar/restaurant. I ordered a glass of Coppola Diamond Collection Cabernet, delicious.   Appetizers for the table included pizza chips nachos and fried tortellini in spicy Asian peanut sauce from the specials menu.  The pizza chips where wonton dough strips deep fried, and topped with chopped fresh tomato, many slices of raw garlic and melted mozzarella.  The dish was overwhelmed by the garlic and the overall texture was just to dry.  We actually used the peanut sauce from the other appetizer to dip the wonton strips in just for some flavor other than garlic.  The tortellini appetizer was burnt.  We all know that fried appetizers should be a nice, light, golden brown, not the color of roasted chestnuts.  The pasta was filled with ricotta and scallions.  The scallions were long and stringy, leaving you to either chew them apart, like chewing a blade of grass or pulling the strand out of your mouth into a napkin.  I will say however the peanut sauce was flawless.   For our entrees, my cousin ordered a bowl of chili topped with melted cheddar.  Not amazing, not awful. My niece ordered a chicken Caesar wrap, which was huge and served with onion rings, which were cold.  My second niece ordered the Cajun chicken penne pasta. Juicy chicken slices marinated in a spicy Cajun seasoned olive oil, sauteed with diced roasted red peppers and button mushrooms. The morsels are showered with an aromatic tomato cream sauce. The pasta dish was the standout selection of the evening with its perfect kick of heat and an exceptional pairing of ingredients.  I ordered a cup of the BLT soup and a plate of steak fries.  The BLT was a wonderful, creamy tomato soup garnished with shredded iceberg lettuce, apple wood smoked bacon, topped with a dab of sour cream. The fries however were cold and actually tasted like they had been fried, refrigerated and re fried.  Our last entree was an attractive appetizer of fresh grilled sea scallops and roasted asparagus spears drizzled with a chardonnay wine sauce. The wine glaze complimented the scallops perfectly without masking their sweet flavor in any way.  The asparagus though were tough and undercooked. Scallops are very delicate and require little actual chewing so the vegetable or starch you pair with it should be of the same delicate nature or cooked to the same consistency.   We ordered two desserts for the table.  The chocolate mousse cake had been left uncovered in the fridge so although light and airy, the taste of "all the food in the refrigerator" had absorbed into the cake and was the prevalent flavor.  The chocolate molten cake was overcooked and the ice cream was more than half melted when it arrived to the table.  When you cut into the chocolate tower it was a solid mass of over cooked hot spongy cake minus any liquid flowing "molten" chocolate.   Sunset's goal is to be all things to all guests.  Their price point is too high for a shorts and flip-flop restaurant with more miss than hit food.  Their atmosphere is too loud and pub like for a culinarian who wants atmosphere and service with their fifteen dollar appetizer and thirty dollar entree.  And yet they come, willing to wait up two hours for a table.  You can't be all things to all guests. But it looks like if you put your restaurant next to an airport, let people sit outside on a warm spring evening and serve food you can be everything to enough of them.
