I have been to K Fusion many times, and every time has been memorable. Now, I will never return there and will warn all friends and family never to go as well. On this last trip I had invited my parents to visit me and go to lunch here since they have never been. (To add I was here the day before for Sushi as well). I ordered a soup with two rolls (lunch menu), dad had their Lunch Filet Mignon with soup, and mom had a basic chicken dish with soup. Soup comes out and all three are cold. Not luke warm but cold. We all take a couple of bites and push it to the side. I informed the waitress nicely that the soup was cold, she apologized, not such a big deal since we really were waiting for our main dishes. Food arrives, Moms chicken is good, Pops Filet Mignon which he ordered medium is cooked on the outside raw red in center (not rare but raw red, there is a difference). I had ordered a Spicy tuna roll and I noticed after eating had a distinct fishy taste. Again I ate here the day before, same thing and it was excellent. Needless to say, between the cold soup, fishy roll, and undercook steak, I was not thrilled. Also I wanted this to be special for my parents since it was their first time. Waitress came over, we informed her about the steak and I asked her to just take my order away (I was not in the mood for sushi after that taste). I was never rude to her, even said I understand she is not the one who prepares it (I work in the food industry as well). Pops plate comes out with the now recooked steak and he seems to be happy and we are sitting there talking. Suddenly a gentleman comes over, I quess the manager he doesnt say, and here are his exactg words: "I HEAR ABOUT YOUR PROBLEMS AND I DONT WANT TO HEAR IT ABOUT MY FISH. WE TAKE CARE OF YOUR MEAL, BUT ALL OF YOU ARE NEVER TO COME BACK IN HERE AGAIN".  He also then tries to tell my dad how a medium steak is pink, I interrupt him to tell him it was raw. My family sat there and were shocked and so humiliated. I am 36, my parents in their 60's and we have never, never been yelled at or told never to come back again in a restaurant. My father put down his fork and said we are leaving, again after taking only two bites from his meal. How dare this man talk to us in the manner in which he did. I will never return and neither will my friends and family. I work in a restaurant and I am the 1st to know that sometimes the food just might not be that good that day. The issue here is how we were talked to and treated.
