Eva H. wrote a one-star review below, and I simply have to jump to Marigold's defense.  I had many of the same dishes she did,  and the best way to describe it is as a "culinary oddyssey".  My only conclusion is that Eva either entered into the experience with the wrong expectations, and/or has no taste in food. First of all, to address the price: we did not buy into any special "tasting menu", and were treated to 11 amuse bouche, on top of our appetizer, entree, and dessert, and the entire experience cost us 60-65 a head including tax and tip.  For 14 courses, I consider that an extremely competitive price, even in Philly.  Compare it, for example, to Bibou, and you will see that they have nearly identical pricing structure. With regard to quality: Eva goes out of her way in attempting to describe excellent food in a negative way. The "molten rotten cheese" was a 2-year-old aged cheddar, and it wasn't rotten.  Either she has no idea what cheese is supposed to taste like, or has a strong need to apply her narrative of "terrible meal" to even the most straightfoward experiences.  I'm reminded of the scene in "Can't Hardly Wait", where William (who has never had beer) exclaims, "Nobody drink the beer, the beer has gone bad!" On a similar note, the chilled chestnut ravioli was a big favorite at our table of 6. Let me set the record straight: the food quality is extremely high.  I know it's my word (and the words of nearly every other reviewer) against hers, but the technical and artistic skills on display are world-class, and I base that on my own experience dining at Chez Panisse and other top restaurants throughout the U.S.A., Europe, and Asia. Lastly, let's talk about pacing: Marigold is a place you go for a slow, intimate dinner.  Our meal lasted 4 hours, and for us this was a *feature*.  We brought two bottles of our favorite wines and found the rate of 10-15 minutes per course gave us time to talk, drink, savor, anticipate, and celebrate.  Expert timing. All I can imagine is that Eva H. was extremely upset (and rightly so) that she was being charged double for a "tasting menu" that offered far less than twice the value.  Given my 3 experiences dining at Marigold, I cannot imagine it being a worthwhile investment, and I would have found it disappointing in the extreme.  The reason for this, however, is only because I so greatly enjoyed their normal dining experience.  Let me recap that last point loud and clear for those skimming this review: IF YOU ARE CONCERNED THAT YOU MAY NOT LIKE THE TASTING MENU, PLEASE STICK TO THE REGULAR MENU!  IT HAS 10-15 COURSES, AND INVOLVES PLENTY OF TASTING! In conclusion, PLEASE DO NOT use Eva H.'s review as the basis for your decision on whether to eat at Marigold.  Her tirade has all the signs of sour-grapes whining from a woman who accidentally bought a "tasting menu" no knowing what that meant.  I am certain that she had a negative experience, and I am truly sorry she couldn't enjoy what they offer as much as I did.  However, her single-minded need to cast even the best parts of her meal in a negative light does little to support her review's credibility.
