Having been a fan of Batali and Bastianich's food writing for years, finally visiting New York led us to dinner at Lupa. At first glance, it seems like any other hole in the wall in the Village. Not what you'd expect from the fame of the owners - a good sign. Once inside, having checked our coats, we were presented with an honestly overwhelming wine list of mostly Italian vintages. Our very knowledgeable server was able to direct us to a bottle of Sicilian red that paired well with everything we ate. To start, we had the Affetati Grande - a three-foot long wooden board covered with cured meats. The house-made speck and lingua melt in your mouth. The four of us all decided on different entrees - ricotta gnocchi with sausage and fennel, hanger steak with brussels sprouts and polenta, pork shoulder "arista", and the fish of the day - striped bass with greens. My gnocchi were very light and sauced just the right amount. I also tried the pork shoulder, and have never enjoyed pork fat so much (and I love pork fat!). There was not a single bit of food left on any plate by the end of the course. Even though there was not much room left for dessert after the generous entree portions, we all caved after seeing the menu. Two Lupa tartufo for the chocolate lovers, one house-made apricot biscotti for the less-adventurous, and the black pepper panna cotta with cranberry for me. When I saw the consistency of the panna cotta wiggling and jigging as it was set before me, I couldn't help but laugh at the thought of Robin's failing dessert a few weeks ago on Top Chef. Had she made this, she would NOT have been sent packing. It was incredibly creamy, smooth, and light with a slight aftertaste of pepper, balanced well by the tartness of the cranberries.   The tartufo, hazelnut gelato frozen in a chocolate shell served on hot, gooey dark chocolate, was decadent, but perhaps a bit over-indulgent for a dessert that was not shared. In the end, we all left full and satisfied. I look forward to the day I can return.
