Somehow Vaughan's convinced me that they're the real deal - that whoever is in the kitchen really cares about how the food shows up on my table.  I stumbled upon Vaugan's on my walk back to the hotel from work when visiting Hartford.  I typically am not a pub kind of guy but something about the Irish-tinged items on the menu seemed good at the time.  I tried the club sandwhich - not eyes-roll-back-into-your-head-outstanding but it was exactly as described on the menu...apple smoked bacon, toasted potato bread and that's what I began to appreciate about Vaugan's.  And the french fries - again something I don't typically eat that often but I'm so glad I had these.  HOT, crispy on the outside and perfectly spiced.  These babies are dangerous.  They don't oversell on the menu (how many times have I tried something that sounded great on the menu just to find it's matches the description but completely misses the point) but they deliver exactly what they're saying and hits the point dead-on.  Not overspiced but spiced so you believe that someone actually thought about how to spice it as they were tasting it.  For dessert I tried the brownie infused with Guiness and topped with vanilla ice cream and their house made irish cream.  Yum.  Again, not over the top with bells and whistles but all put together just right (but it did put my belly over the top).  So, 2 nights later I decided to try them again after being told of a 45 minute wait at spot down the block.   This time they really sold me.  The waitress gave me one suggestion when I asked for her favorite: Sheppard's Pie.  And she was right.  The mashed potatoes were swirled nice and thick over the top of the just-right spiced ground beef with corn and carrots.  Again, this isn't top-class french but it arrived like it was made by someone who really cared that I was halfway away the country from home.  Flavors subtle but I think right on.  And then I topped it off with the bread pudding which really made me happy (especially after I had had the worst bread budding I've ever had the night before at Hilton).  Hot, smooth, toasted in the righ spot and topped with perfectly light house made wihp cream on top.  Who else in a pub does that?  Maybe I've been bamboozled and it's all just pulled out of the fridge and nuked but I would bet the cook really truly likes what he does and cares about what walks out his door.  Here's my Guiness to you.  Thanks for some home cooking.
