Its Overrated....and Authentic????? please.....! Its take awhile for me, bravely write this review, after those memorable nite. I am not sure if I am the only ones who give less star from others fellows Yelper. My husband and I and others Indonesian couple, drove all the way from Geneva,NY. just to get taste of this renown, overrated 4.5 stars joints a try. At first glance, we so exited to find another highly rated Indonesian restaurant, beside Indo-Rest and dared to drive 5-6 hours each way. Indonesian food, not new to me, I've been eaten Indo food for years and been living in Indonesia for while. Though, its was my first time to try in this place, since its open. Prior entering, We felt pack, claustrophobic. The dinning room is tiny, bathroom tiny.. Its seems everything is tiny in this joints. and parking is another challenge.....takes times for us finally find a spots couples block away. Okay, let the party begin. We follow what others say about  "Mie Komplit "The best noodles--home made"  Wohoooo....portion is small, said home made noodles?  (why it taste like something frozen and reheated) fresh noodles doesn't have that texture, and where is the meat !!! don;t realize i ate the meat (couple pieces), if this dish is your signature dish, why don't you guys give extra portion,  you wont going to lose profit. Trust me! Second is more interesting, we tried their "Beef Satay" Padang satay. Honestly, texture wise similar to already cooked beef chunk then frozen then reheated again and......smothered with this milky, buttery gravy and once again It so tiny mini size. I think  they find new way to substitute barbeque way technique for cooking satay with deep fried or microwave. Next, we tried their genuine catfish. When it served to our table, we just wandering where's the hell is the head? Well..well....something missing here!!! (Catfish is one of my favorite fish, I always ordered in Indonesia and I like to fried myself) Never--never in my experience, I ever bought LIVE catfish HEADLESS ! No head means from somewhere in frozen section! Leave the head on when you serve in future. I love to see the wholesomeness of said "Fresh fish". I don't mind paying extra $$ for what it worth. Lastly, we tried Oxtail soup. The word "Soup" should be hot, but didn't know why it tasted like Oxtail Ice cream. Well.....well....well There you have it......no further comment, I thinks 6 hour drove so memorable on that evening. I am going back where I belong Indo-Rest it is.
