My boyfriend and I went here for dinner on a recommendation that the place was fantastic and had a great cured meat platter.  The recommendation was incredibly off, to say the least.  The food was terrible.  We ordered the lobster crepes and the cured meat and cheese platter as appetizer, the BLT salad, and the hangar steak panini and chicken galliano for entrees.  First of all, we ordered the appetizers at the same time as our drinks, and then the salad approximately ten minutes or so after the appetizers and drinks.  Despite this, the salad came out before the appetizers, and for awhile we were unsure as to whether the appetizers would even arrive.  The salad was sub-par.  The blue cheese dressing tasted like it was out of a cheap bottle sold at Stop and Shop, with no chunks of blue cheese typical of a good home-made dressing, the "bacon" on top was obviously cheap bacon bits out of a plastic container, and the tomato slice served with the salad looked as though it was on the verge of becoming rotten.  The lettuce was ok quality, but was so drenched in cheap dressing that any crispness was overpowered by the other ingredients. When the appetizers finally came out, they were uninspiring.  The cured meat and cheese platter was not necessarily a platter as a spatter of random pieces of cheese and tiny slices of meat.  The cured meat consisted of two pieces each of pepperoni, salami, prosciutto (very tiny pieces), what is supposedly cappicola, and some weird cured meat that looked and tasted like a Slim Jim.  The cheese on the platter was decent, but was served in small chips and slices that could barely be considered a portion.  The lobster crepes were awful. The lobster pieces in the sherry sauce had a very fishy taste, as though it was going bad.  The crepes had absolutely no taste.  And the sauce, which should have accented the lobster, had nothing to it.  We didn't bother finishing the appetizer, it wasn't worth the effort of choking down soggy cardboard. When we were not even halfway through the appetizers and salad, the supposed server, who looked like a character out of Beetlejuice with her ridiculous hair, came over and told us, "let me take these plates because your food is coming up soon", and proceeded to take our salad plates, approximately ten minutes later, and although there was still salad on both mine and my boyfriend's plates.  There was no question to the taking of the plates, she just came over and took the plates.  I was not aware they put a time limit on how long a customer could take to eat their food.  I have NEVER been to a restaurant, including chain restaurants such as Chilis, where a server took food off the table because they are not capable of controlling when the food comes out..  It was mortifying. When the entrees came out, we were not done with the cured meat and cheese platter and had not even started the lobster crepes.  The hangar steak panini had decent steak, which was good and tender, but the sauce was once again generic and tasted store bought as opposed to home made.  The greens were wilted and brown, as though they had been sitting out for an exorbitant amount of time and were going bad.  The bread was good, but burnt on the underside, as though the cook forgot about it.  The pasta salad that came on the side was, once again, bland and without flavor.  The chicken galliano was disappointing.  The pasta was very soft and slightly overcooked.  The dish was supposed to be chicken with prosciutto, which is the main reason I ordered the dish, but had an incredibly miniscule amount of prosciutto.  The flavor of the prosciutto was completely lost in the overcooked, dry chicken.  The tomato spinach sauce was more of a broth than a sauce, with an incredibly watery consistency, and no sign of tomato or spinach within the broth/sauce.  To top it all off, the parmesan cheese sprinkled over the dish tasted and felt like rubber.  Needless to say, we didn't bother with dessert. To sum it all up, the service was slow, and was performed by a woman who obviously cared more about the product she put in her hair than the product she was supposed to be serving to customers.  The food was bland, and was obviously made with incredibly cheap ingredients.  The cured meat platter was $9 for a pittance of a portion, with cheap ingredients.  This is pitiful, especially when a restaurant two towns over, Max Amore, has a cured meat platter that is only three dollars more and has almost four times the meat, and the meat is of such good quality it almost melts in your mouth.  To describe our experience in two words: don't bother.  If you are looking for a good restaurant that has a great cured meat platter, as this place was described to me, try another area restaurant like Bricco.  This just isn't worth it for any amount of money.  We came here for good food, which for the price should have been home made with fresh ingredients, and instead we received the opposite.  Don't bother.
