Here's the deal. From a local who has been coming for years. The pizza is pretty fantastic. The experience, so so. No slices and take out orders have to stand in line with people who are waiting to sit. They don't answer the phone. These guys could really improve the experience but they choose not to because life is easy for them. The tourists line up just about every day. Endless supply of first time customers. They could not care less about regulars or locals or really anybody. Stand in line is the response you get to every question. Years ago, one of my favorite things to do was to walk the Brooklyn Bridge and go to Grimaldi's for pizza. The trick was, call for a pick up once you were a little more than half way over the bridge. When you arrive, skip the huge line of tourists, walk in and pick up your pie. Now that they have moved down the block, they don't even answer their phone. If you do call and actually don't get a busy signal, the line rings until a machine picks up with no recording. You have a bunch of New York Italians in dirty t shirts standing around with attitude, while some Mexicans work hard and make pies. They must be rich from pizza yet the building they recently moved into looks like it could fall down. No love, No paint even. They don't even step out the door to reassure their customers who are all wondering how long this line can actually last. The answer. Longer than you think. I thought we had about a half hour. It was really over an hour. The product they make is very good, which is why they have big lines, but I am sure that I will never go there again. I don't like feeling like an idiot and that is how I feel standing in their line. They should be giving free drinks to people, smiling, chatting with customers. What you have a is a bunch of lucky family members who were born into a family business that is a gold mine. They have it easy. Rather than honoring their family and trying to improve the business, they just leach off of it. Sad. BUT, it is a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow (Brooklyn Bridge). Tip from a local... walk the bridge there, take a ferry back. I have to give them 4 stars (even though 3 stars is what I want to give them) because the pizza is great, but this place should be 5 stars. I hate seeing people that don't respect their own business or customers. I left feeling like a sucker. A little about the pizza. It is easily one of my favorites. The crust is perfect. Mostly crispy, a little doughy. The tomatoes must be San Marzano. Excellent. The cheese I am guessing is a local, fresh mozzarella. The topping are quite good and fresh. I like pepperoni and it is great! Thick cut yet small in diameter. If you get your to go, they put it in a brown paper bag on a piece of cardboard. Not great for traveling. We brought one back home in Manhattan and the grease was coming through the bag, making it tear. GET SOME BOXES! Again, I felt like a sucker. Wait in line for 1.5 hours to order a take out at the door. Then wait 20 minutes for the pie which they throw in a brown paper bag. I had to go back in for the sodas they forgot and to ask for napkins which they don't give you because they are too busy standing around while the Mexicans work hard.
