We ate at Peaches for the first time this weekend and had a pleasant experience. Considering how limited the Bed-Stuy restaurant scene is, Peaches is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, and the staff genuinely tries to serve their customers well. The mood at the bar is particularly inviting, not merely because people imbibe there, but because locals are clearly happy to have a comfortable dining and bar setting in which to relax, treat themselves, and even socialize with strangers if they wish. All this makes for a pleasant addition to the neighborhood for us 40+ year olds, in particular. Very nice vibe, I'm pleased to say, without having to drive downtown. The food side of Peaches is good. But this is Southern comfort food. If you're looking for refined cuisine, or comfort food does not appeal to you, then don't trash Peaches. The mac-n-cheese is tasty, the brussle spouts with bacon are very well prepared, and the wings and crab cake appetizers were good, too. The beet salad with goat cheese and mico greens and tangerine was very good. We shared an entree -- baked salmon with collard greens and sun dried tomatoes in a winy broth -- which was also very good. The food and overall experience was good enough to motivate us to order out po'boys -- catfish and shrimp -- the following day, and they, too, were OK, though at $13, the shrimp po'boy is vastly overpriced. Not sure if they ran out of a good bread, but the one they used for the shrimp po'boy is about the same quality one can get at the deli section of associated on Fulton nearby. For $13, the bread has got to be better than that.... Overall, the food is good, not fantastic, but then again, it's southern comfort food. If you're the type who turns your nose up to American comfort food, Peaches will not appeal to you. For the rest of us, even those of us who enjoy refined healthier choices most of the time, Peaches menu is a welcome addition to the Bed-Stuy restaurant scene, which is oddly thin for such a densely populated area.   My main concern about Peaches lies in the bar. The bartender on Friday night was openly watering down drinks -- specialty martinis! --with club soda. When one pays downtown Brooklyn and Manhattan prices for cocktails, especially martinis, there is no justification for watering down drinks. Even when drinks are discounted for happy hour (until 7pm), priced at $6 as opposed to $10 plus, there is no justification to watering down martinis and cocktails. As a former bartender, waiter, and restaurant manager, this practice is downright unacceptable. When asked why the bartender was watering down drinks, even the server, who handled the question diplomatically, acknowledged that the practice is not cool. Hopefully this is not a regular practice at Peaches, because savvy customers will eventually be turned off by it. Hopefully I'll not be one of them, because it would be unwise for the management to do anything short of providing their customers, especially the heavier spending drinking crowd, with downtown quality drinks at downtown prices. Let's call a spade a spade, the practice of watering down drinks to lower liquor costs and expand profit margins is a very uncool, if not unethical, business practice. All in all, though, we're glad that Peaches is part of the slowly-emerging Bed-Study restaurant scene, and, based on older reviews, that it's been working at improving other aspects of its dining experience. We hope Peaches continues to improve not just because the community deserves a quality dining experience at a reasonable price, but because from the looks of the crowds Peaches, the place is a gold mine in the making.
