Good food, miserable dining experience. My sister and I ate here on Saturday evening. We were excited to try this restaurant as they have gluten-free pizza (my sister loves pizza but can't eat gluten). We were seated right away without a reservation at a table for two upstairs. A promising start. Turns out our table was in front of a large cutout in a wall. On the opposite side of the cutout was a station where dirty dishes were dropped off and orders were placed on computer. My sister's chair literally backed right up to this open window where dishes were being dumped and waiters talked loudly to one another while placing orders. I think we were at table 82. If you are seated there, order your food to go. The restaurant was very busy (6:45, pre-theatre crowd) and staff members were rushing about. After fifteen minutes, our waiter showed up to ask if we wanted tap or bubbly water, then left for another five minutes. When he returned, my sister asked for a gluten-free menu. A few minutes later the manager brought one over. Our waiter returned and took our order. My sister ordered a gluten-free pizza, I ordered spaghetti and meatballs. A few minutes after placing our order, the manager returned and very nicely apologized, telling us they had run out of gluten-free dough. He told my sister she could order any gluten-free pasta dish "on me." He then repeated "on me" when my sister chose her new entree. Very nice, very professionally handled. Our meals were very good, my sister said it was one of the best gluten-free pastas she has had. When our waiter brought our check he said "this is what the manager did, he took off the price of gluten-free pasta entree, and left on the less expensive gluten-free pizza." A $3 savings, which would have been nice indeed, if the manager had not previously implied that my sister's meal would be gratis. We will hope that this was a really off night, and we will give Stella Rossa one more chance to redeem itself, but I'm not holding my breath.
