This was by far one of the worst dining experiences we've had in years!   We were travelling to Rahway from Chicago to see Wayne Newton and wanted a nice, steak dinner before the show.   Based on reviews, etc., we decided to make a reservation at The Rail House 1449.   Upon making the reservation, we were looking forward to dining here.   From the minute our water was brought to the table, it was a disaster.   My water had a fly or some type of bug floating in it.  Ok, I could let this slide becasue it happens!   We started our dinner with soup - my husband had the mushroom soup which he said was great!   I, on the other hand, had the French Onion --- AWEFUL!!!    It was SOUR.   We sent our waiter down to the kitchen to find out what was in it and were told Cayenne Pepper.  Do you really think Cayenne pepper would make it sour???  My husband is an Executive Chef in Chicago and nearly fell out of his chair when that's the answer he was given!!!   We then sent down the second waiter (helper) to the kitchen to find out (my husband spoke to him in Spanish) and when he returned, he laughed and said "soup wasn't good!" -- so, another words, the soup was spoiled.   Just as we thought!!!       Our next course was steak --- mine was perfectly cooked and the taste was good (I've had better but definitely can't complain about the taste).  My husband's steak came out ICE COLD --- sent back to the kitchen to re-fire and the plate was sent back out steaming hot (obviously plate and all was put in the microwave which if you work in a kitchen you know is a big NO-NO).  But, his steak was good so can't complain.    Next was dessert -- this lava cake that is supposedly a famous dish at the Rail House.   Well, we waited for about an hour for this to even come out and it was horrible --- nothing to write home about.       While waiting for our dessert, one of the owners came out to apologize.  She started with the slow service (got there at 5:00pm and walked out the door at 7:45pm) -- the place was empty and we were only 2 people!!!   THen we got onto talking about the French Onion Soup.  Her excuse for it being sour was that the chef addes Lemon to it.   There was NO Lemon taste in the soup what-so-ever and, again, my husband wasn't about to be fooled.  She then proceeded to say she "nixed" the onion soup for the night.  Why do this if it's just lemon?   She obviously knew it was spoiled/old soup!       Her excuse for the cold steak was they had two new sous chefs start in training that evening and didn't fire them up with proper amount of timing.  Ok, maybe this was true but my husband said, that is a likely excuse for any kitchen that screws up (blame it on the new chef).   She said dessert would be on the house and invited us back for brunch the next morning.   We did NOT accept the offer for brunch the next day - why would we want to return after such a bad experience!!    Bill came and dessert was still charged.     Our server was great---friendly, observant, etc.   He realized how long everything was taking and kept bringing my husband a drink as an apology.    But, seriously, the food is definitely nothing worth eating there for.   We would have been better off around the corner at the Italian restaurant.   We were very dissapointed and for a restaurant of this quality to serve spoiled soup and then lie about it is a disgrace.    If Chef Ramsay would visit the Rail House, he would TEAR them apart!!!!!!!!!!!
