4th time is not a charm.  I have been to calle ocho 4 times (2 were for friend's bday dinners, once with the bf and once with a few girl friends).  Every single time the service has been HORRIBLE.  As a past server and bartender, I am VERY easy to please, as I know how hectic a busy night can be.  They just can't get it together.  Went last friday night with 3 girlfriends...our server literally didn't say one word to us.  We were halfway through our glasses of water before anyone came by so I politely asked the busboy (who was working his tail off) who was filling our water glasses if he could please have someone come take our drink orders.  The server came over and held up his note pad and pen and looked at us...didn't say one word, not his name, which was Luis (I looked at my CC receipt), not a hello, nothing.  We ordered cocktails and appetizers and said we needed one more minute to pick our entrees.  Drinks and apps came (delivered by someone else).  We slowly worked on our apps...they were completely finished and in the process of being taken away when Luis came back to take our entree orders (we were holding the huge menus the whole time we ate them).  He took our food order then we didn't see him again till he he dropped off desert menus (which we wanted but didn't want to risk taking 30 min to come).  Our entrees took well over 45 min to arrive, I saw him running around so I figured he waited a good 15 min before putting the order in.  I totally understand being in the weeds on a packed weekend night....but say something.  There were many times in my serving days when I'd make a joke out of it..."sorry ladies, it's crazy here tonight, here's a desert on me", or ask for help for another server to come by etc.   All you gotta do is show at least a TINY bit of concern for your dinners.  I give it 2 stars only because the food is pretty reliable (the Mar Y Tierra and Paella are yummy), but I will never frequent calle ocho again and will urge all my friends to do the same.
