Borinquen in Philly.  We read the Freddy and Tony's Restaurants reviews on this site before our trip to Philly, so we had an idea of what to expect.  We took bus 47 to Allegheny as we were told by Crystal on the phone when we called to check on busses to get there.  We arrived to welcoming Caribbean music, smiling faces, and the distinct aroma of the island cuisine.   The dining rooms and bathrooms were spotless. We sat and a friendly lady originally from Aguadilla welcomed us with the menus.  Since alcohol is not sold at this establishment, I ordered a virgin piña colada. Yummy; it tasted just like in the island, no pre-made plastic tasting mix. This was the real thing made with Coco Lopez and made like the first one made in Puerto Rico over a century ago.  We took in the mementos on the walls honoring the island, the people coming and going speaking Spanish and English, and the music that made you want to dance on the spot.  My husband dances a good merengue, but he would not dance with me there.  Oh, well, the food came out promptly and steaming hot. I ordered roasted pork, pigeon peas in rice, and pasteles (like a tamale, but made with green bananas)  with pork. My husband ordered carne guisada (a thick beef stew), rice and beans, and fried plantains.  We could not stop eating and comparing it to the food we have in Puerto Rico when we visit there.  We agreed the carne guisada was the best we have ever had.  We ordered some to go with the rice and beans that were out of this world, and I took my leftover arroz con gandules and pernil for a snack later on. One of the young men at the restaurants advised us to take bus 60 right in front of the restaurant to go to Market Street in downtown Philly were we started off.  He and all the other workers were kind and welcoming.   If you want a taste of Puerto Rico in Philadelphia this is the place to go.  If you do not want to bother with the bus, call ahead and pick it up via taxi.  Philly, you do not know what a find this is in your city.  If we find ourselves in Philadelphia again, we will be sure to eat at Freddy and Tony's again.
