There was no reason for me to like this place as much as I did. I'd had a great day turn into an awful one with a phone call right before I left to meet my friends at Banana Leaf. I was late, in a dour mood and had to place my order without really looking at the menu. My party had reservations but reported that they still had to wait a but for their table. The place was loud, too loud for conversation unless you feel comfortable leaning into each other's personal space, but it lent the large restaurant a jovial atmosphere. The decor was as bright and loud as the conversations; the dining room tables fit together like fun little puzzle pieces with colorful inlaid patterns on top and fake rocks applied to the wall were embellished with little tree paintings. The wait staff was brusque but efficient - our water never ran dry. Banana Leaf is a BYO with no corkage fee, which some parties near our table took advantage of with excess. We ordered a few appetizers to share - a fried tofu stuffed with onions and celery and some sort of fried, pillow bread with a dipping sauce. The tofu was crisp, the veggies nice and crunchy and the curry/peanut sauce drizzled over which lent the dish some needed velvety mouth feel and flavor. The pillow bread and sauce, which was popular throughout the restaurant, was consumed before I got a chance to try it. That's a vote in it's favor to my eyes. For an entree I had order the pearl fried noodles which came with shrimp and pork. The meats and veggies in the dish were very well cooked and seasoned with that delicate balance of salty, sweet and umami that I can never quite recreate on my own. The noodles, unfortunately, resembled slugs and as soon as my stupid impressionable brain made the gestalt I found myself unable to stomach the soft, oily noodles. With the check we were served a sweet bean soup. It was warm, cloying and probably a little too weird for our American pallets. The table consensus was that it would make a fine base for baked beans Point being, had I had there wherewithal to ignore my phone, show up on time and bring a bottle of wine with me I would have had a great night. The teasing tastes I did get while visiting this time ensure that I will want to go back and try again. Anyone who can make a tasty, textured tofu dish is worth repeat patronage.
