WORST FIRST IMPRESSION EVER! I normally don't write reviews but for this experience I have to say something. I live a block away from this restaurant and was considering it being a go to place from time to time. That quickly changed once my plate arrived. I had ordered the beef Pad Thai, and let me remind you I'm a American trying Thai food for the very first time. So my food arrives and i give it a go and to my surprise the Pad Thai sauce was way too thick and it had a really odd flavor and smell. I tried to give it another go but i just couldn't continue. So i asked the waitress politely if there was any way to order a different dish her reply was no since i already tried it (hmm how can i know if i don't like something if i haven't tried it) but anyway I said alright I guess that's fair it being a very small place and i know they can't be switching food left and right for every customer, BUT THEN some little guy walks out the back and I'm thinking to myself Oh great maybe he's going to switch it for me as a courtesy. Boy was I wrong! He gets all upset and says "why don't i like the Pad Thai" I reply "I just don't like the flavor" He's says have you ever tried it before" I'm like no this is my first time here". He says " So why did you order it if you didn't know what it tastes like"  -_-. I think thats the point of trying new things Sir. Then he gets all upset about having to throw that whole plate of food out. So I'm sitting there confused about the whole altercation. Shouldn't I be upset cause i have1 to pay for this overpriced thick sauce noodle dish. I was thinking he was going to take the item off the menu by the reaction he gave us. That was not the case the bill came and it was on there. I'm not one to cause a scene so we just paid the bill left a tip and told ourselves to never go back! TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE AND TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! Learn how to treat your customers. I didn't mind paying for the dish but i didn't need that Rude reaction from the Chef or Owner of whom ever that was. You can't be upset by the fact that someone didn't like one of your dishes. It's the nature of the beast. But any who that was the first and last time i'll ever go back so sad since it's so close to me and I for one love curry food :-/
