A friend made reservations for 7 people for a Sunday at 3 PM, under her name "Mary". Being that all the attendees had not previously met (this was for a social/philanthropic organization) we instructed the attendees to ask for "Mary's" table upon arrival. I, myself, walked in and was specifically asked "Mary's group?" and was promptly directed to the table. However, three other attendees did not receive the same treatment. They were rudely told by the hostess that there were no reservations for "Mary" and then given another name and told to wait in the room to the right of the entrance. Only when the party of four LEFT the restaurant an hour later, did the three attendees spot us. They had been waiting for over an hour because this extremely rude hostess told them there was no "Mary" reservation. Our group of 7 inquired the hostess as to how and where a mistake had been made. She offered NO apology and stated that "she told the girls that there was a table for 'Marissa'. No such name was ever used to make a reservation at Cuban Pete's. A man (the manager, perhaps?) hovered nearby but offered no apology for the mistake. The hostess was incredibly rude and unprofessional. As understood by anyone who has ever worked in the customer service industry - the customer is always right (because they are the ones spending money on your goods or service) and most importantly, a little kindness goes a long way. The food was NOT worth the visit - it was mediocre at best. I personally held the door for busboys three times because of the cockamamie setup of this joint. Not that I minded, but worth mentioning since I hate this place now. The last thing - VERY deceptive - Cuban Pete's touts itself as a place for sangria and tapas - well, guess what? You must bring your own wine for the sangria. Nowhere on their website does it mention this. I wonder how many unsuspecting diners ordered the sangria, thinking it was the real deal - when they paid 15 bucks for a pitcher of fruit juice. Did I mention I'll never go back here again? And I'll tell my friends the same...You lost a few more customers today, Cuban Pete.
