Went to new Eli's location with high expectations based on many prior meals in Hamden, CT.  Went with my wife and sister in law on a Monday evening after spending the whole day at the hospital without eating a morsel.  We were greeted and sat at the bar.  While the females went to the bathroom I was asked what I would like to drink and politely said I'd rather wait until the rest of my party was there to order and I was given a very odd look, as if it is commonplace to just order yourself a drink without regard to your other dining companions. The menu is really overpriced for the location and the environment.  Its a pub style menu that really lacks creativity and many of the components of their dishes seem odd.  I decided I would try their ten ounce burger and order it with sweet potato fries with "lemon thyme dipping sauce".  I've never had that flavor profile combined so I thought I would give it a shot.  My wife got a burger too, and her sister in law got a salad.   After forty five minutes my patience was shot.  We watched entire tables get sat, get food, their bill, and leave while we waited for our meals.  The bartender seemed harried at the thought of having to check our food after forty five minutes.  At the fifty three minute mark our food arrived.  The burger was terrible.  It was a pre formed chunk of flavorless, unseasoned, unexciting meat.  The sweet potato french fries are the same as any other pub, frozen and lame.  The lemon thyme dipping sauce was actually just mayo with some junk thrown in, and it came out warm in a ramekin, just begging to give somebody a not so memorable experience. There wasn't an apology or an explanation as to why we waited almost an hour for really hard to mess up pub fare.  When our bill arrived I was shocked to see it was almost seventy dollars for three people, with only four drinks.  I left a twenty percent tip but left with a very bad taste in my mouth for the new Eli's. Menu needs attention, food is lacking in quality, and it seems that there isn't enough oversight.  Almost an hour for three meals is totally unacceptable. Stick to Hamden, the atmosphere is much better.
