My husband and I were visiting NYC this weekend and asked our tribeca-area hotel concierge whether she preferred La Sirene or Bistro Les Amis. She said La Sirene without hesitation, noting that BLA was a bit touristy. She made us a reservation, which we later realized was totally necessary for this very small restaurant. So, my husband had a mussels app and the much-touted cassoulet, which was wonderful - rich and literally dripping with duck fat. I've never seen him defeated by a meal, but he really couldn't eat it all - not because he was full, but because he just couldn't eat another bite of the decadence. I liked it too, but it's not for the faint of heart (or weak of artery). I had the goat cheese tart, which was tasty but I can't say it was the best thing I've ever had. Maybe my expectations were too high after reading some of the other reviews? All in all I really liked the place and want my friends and family to go. It is the kind of "hidden" place that you ultimately want the most when you're visiting another city - it's small, intimate, special but not pretentious, not trying to be crazy fancy - just really authentic and doing what it does without unnecessary flourishes. I can't quite give it 5 stars however (though I'll note that I can't think of any place I would give 5 stars to). The service was very pleasant but I did notice that one server was consistently turning away reservation-less customers with a pretty condescending attitude. It's a small thing but it turned me off - I mean, not everyone is going to know how fabulously desirable your restaurant is, so there's no need to act like they're crazy for even trying. Also, it might not bother you, but there's no sink in the "bathroom", which is disconcerting but oh well. And finally, I appreciate the byo_ policy but they only have one non-water drink (I believe) - that's diet coke, and the closest liquor store (according to the server) was several blocks away and only sold wine. So you do have to plan that into your trip if you're not a local. But overall - make a reservation and go!
