What constitutes a good restaurant?  Easy.  Satisfying food, an enjoyable atmosphere and a pleasant service experience that together combine to provide upon departure a feeling that you would certainly return.  Not rocket science is it?  So let us see how the Single Pebble did last night. Food The Single Pebble seems to capitalize upon the fact that Asian cuisine is not renowned in Vermont.  Sitting at the bar, the wife and I started off with an order of pot stickers.  Thick pastry and overcooked filling.  Not a good start.  The beef special on offer was quite delicious.  Tender pieces of well trimmed beef mixed with well prepared vegetables.  The rice that accompanies the dish turned up 15 minutes after the dish was served, and then only after we reminded the staff it was was absent.  Second main dish appeared.  Apparently the spicy shrimp dish.  Not spicy, overcooked seafood and did I mention bland.  Not even soy or hoisin sauce (if it were available) could have resurrected this one.         Atmosphere Sitting at the bar was our choice and not a problem.  The single staff member running the bar took our order.  The restaurant has a quirky layout due to it being a converted house and this adds something.  Sitting next to a busing station where dishes sit for 15 minutes does not.  It has an acceptable atmosphere with dimly lit and tired decor.  The service staff dressed in black adds a hint of Ninja to the proceedings...if only.   Service The person running the bar became progressively busier over the course of the hour we were at the restaurant.  Creating drinks for the 100+ other people in the place.  Patrons at the bar are then overlooked and no additional cover is provided for this sole bar person.  Empty dishes mount up on the bar, not just for us, and space is filling up.  It was at this stage that I noticed a person pointing at me across the restaurant, the owner who was talking to a member of staff.  As expected this person then turned up on my right shoulder asking if there was anything else we needed and would I like the bill.  We were being moved along after less than an hour and $100 later.  As we left, the owner shouted after us something as we stepped outside. Summary The Single Pebble seems to capitalize upon the fact that Asian cuisine is not renowned in Vermont.  That said, there is no excuse for poor service when customers are charged Single Pebble prices.
