We were visiting from Edinburgh, UK and we asked several local people to recommend us a restaurant with a great village atmosphere. So, that's how we ended up at  Joseph Leonard at 6 o'clock on a cold mid-week evening. It was already filling up and so we were delighted to find there was one table for two still available. The restaurant is small, warm and cosy with the tables very close together - a real "bistro" style. It seemed a really "happening"(!) place and so it looked like we were set for a nice evening. But one hour later we found ourselves back on the street. Why? Because we were rushed! We think the head waitress had decided that she wanted our table back ASAP for her regulars - and she did a mighty fine job! We watched neighbouring tables of locals chatting with each other and to the staff, taking their time over aperitifs and appetisers whilst perusing their menus at leisure. We, on the other hand, were assaulted with repeated requests of "are you ready to order yet?" Each time I asked for "a little while longer" it can't have been co-incidental that a different waiter would seem to almost immediately materialise with the same question....and it was the same story with the dessert menu! Being afflicted with British reserve and not wanting to argue the toss with management on our anniversary trip, we decided that the evening was past saving and we decided to skip coffee! - This was just as well, as the bill was deposited on our table with indecent haste - before we had even asked for it! Leaving all of the above aside, I'm afraid we found the food disappointing. One might have thought that the limited choices on offer for each course (and the prices) might point to come sort of culinary excellence, but it did not - My wife's duck was tough and tasteless and my roast beef was just average and uninspiring. Both main courses arrived served on stone-cold plates and had cooled-down substantially by the time they arrived at our table. I would say that this was the sort of fare that one might get at a British pub looking to move it's bar food up-market a little - but failing. With aperitifs, wine and the trimmings this is easily in the $100 to $200 dollar meal-for-two range - I think it is over-priced - we certainly got much better value and choice in other similarly priced NYC restaurants this trip. It's the customers who make this place so popular, because it really is a local favourite. The atmosphere WAS great and there was a queue outside to get in when we left (in mid-week!). We just weren't allowed to feel part of it. Sorry!
