My fiancée and I went here over the weekend to celebrate our anniversary. We had visited once before and had been to the owner's other restaurant, Taureau, a couple of times as well. These dining experiences had all been wonderful-the food was delicious, the waiting staff friendly, and meeting Didier showed how much he cares about his restaurants. This time, however, the experience prompted me to write this negative review. Unlike the last time we had dined here, there is now a new policy that limits reservations to only 2 hours. Due to circumstances outside of our control, we were about 35 minutes late to our 7:00 pm reservation. While we were notified upon arrival that our reservation was still technically until 9:00pm, we still expected that we would be able to enjoy our meal and be treated with respect even if completing our meal meant going a few minutes over the time limit. We ordered our appetizers and entrées, which understandably took some time to be prepared, and we were not done with our main course until a few minutes before 9:00pm. At this point one of the servers brought us the dessert menu and we were relieved that we would not feel pressured to gulp down the rest of our wine and leave without having one of their great desserts. Then a man whom I thought was a server came over to take our dessert order, waiting until we had ordered one of the menu items to announce that because we had been late for our reservation, we did not have time to eat dessert. He claimed we had been one hour late, which was not only a vast exaggeration but extremely rude. When I asked to see his manager, he proceeded to nastily tell us that he was the manager and that we would not be having any dessert that night. He then grabbed our menus from us and immediately brought us the check, slamming it down on the table without so much of an apology. While the food remains as delicious as we remembered, we were appalled by the way we were treated and left the restaurant with a sour note to our anniversary dinner. As someone who also works in the food industry, I found this behavior completely unacceptable and highly unprofessional. Why give us the dessert menu if ordering was never an option? It makes me wonder if we had not been done with our entrees, would we have been shoved out the door mid-bite? This certainly could have been handled in a more polite and tactful manner. Having been here before, we expected a fine dining experience, but instead only left disappointed.
