My husband and I have dined here a number of times.  We've been in both the tavern side and the dining room and there's even a room upstairs for private parties.   Owners Evan and Maria Blomgren have really managed to capture the charm of this historic inn.  The food is familiar, yet many of the dishes have been elevated to the next level in flavor. For our latest meal, I started with a cocktail named "Elderflower Blossom".  It is my new favorite cocktail.  The combination of St. Germaine liqueur with champagne adds a little sweetness to the fragrant drink.  I like the option of wine flights, and my husband loves the large selection of beer.  We were able to order off both the tavern and the dinner menu.  The soup du jour was BLT. While it resembled a pureed gazpacho, I could clearly taste the bacon, lettuce and tomato in each bite of this innovative hot soup.  The marinated beet salad combines beets with sweet grilled onions, goat cheese, and almonds on baby arugula .  The crispy risotto balls stuffed with braised short ribs and spinach were crispy on the outside and soft and creamy on the inside. A bit of romesco sauce on the plate added the perfect kick of spice to this flavorful appetizer. For the entree I enjoyed the pistachio crusted rack of lamb.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and was juicy and tender.  It was served with a light and fluffy garlic mashed potato and a zucchini fritter with Greek yogurt.  The fritters were so good, I would order a whole plate as an appetizer.  My husband had the pan seared duck breast with roasted root vegetables.  The vegetables had bits of bacon, giving it a deep flavor and complimented the duck.  Also highly popular is the "Rocky Hill Inn" burger, complete with grilled onions, bacon, cheese and a fried egg. The dessert menu includes common offerings such as creme brulee, cheese cake and a decadent molten chocolate cake.  We shared a pecan cake with butterscotch frosting.  It was good, but the carrot cake, when available, is my hands-down favorite.  Made from a family recipe, this moist cake has a rich cream cheese frosting. The menu prices may seem a bit steep, but portions are very large.  Service is friendly, though at times inconsistent.   Ultimately, there is something for everyone at this restaurant, and we'll be coming back for more.
