I went to Eulogy long years ago before I had learned to appreciate beer. I was on the most awkward date of my life and our third wheel (in congruence with the fourth and fifth wheels) suggested we stop at Eulogy for dinner. Being the horrific mishmash of budding foodie and goth chick, I thought it was just the place for me! It wasn't until much later that I realized it really was. Eulogy is a narrow place; I'd recommend against it if you're highly claustrophobic. It took me awhile to get used to knocking elbows with the people to either side of me. I have since learned the ways of personal space while at a crowded bar. There's a lot of wood in this place (talking about the decor, not the patrons.) And I love that you get the feeling of old-school ale house as soon as you walk in. Eulogy is lit like a tavern, downstairs and upstairs (yes, they have an upstairs for you folks who want a little intimacy.) It really just sets the mood for a wonderful experience. The bartenders know their stuff. And so does the waitstaff. The first time I was there after turning twenty-one, I asked for a beer recommendation for someone who didn't like beer. The bartender I was dealing with asked me a few more questions about flavors I preferred (sweet versus bitter, floral versus fruity) and they offered me a sample of three different beers they had on tap that might suit my palate. And boy howdy, they were spot on with ALL. THREE. I was so shocked that someone who absolutely hated the taste of bottled pretzels (what I affectionately called all the beer I've ever sipped) could find that same abhorrent beverage enjoyable. And, much to my shock and delight, they didn't charge me for a sample of the beers! I don't know if I got lucky or what, but I thought that was fantastic. The food is Belgian-inspired. Lots of mussels and frites are served here and upon having them, I can understand why they're the most popular things on the menu. I haven't had better mussels anywhere else in Philadelphia and I'm a massive bivalve fiend. They have nine different mussel dishes, served with a crusty piece of bread for sopping up the broth they're cooked in (and believe you me, you are going to want to freebase some of these broths.) And if you're not really a fan of the shelled and the unctuous, then there's plenty of standard (well, upscale standard) bar fare for you to choose from. Their menu pales in comparison to their beer list. Front and back, double sided, eight-point-font - over 300 different beers to choose from and they list the type, the flavors contained therein, the country of origin, and the alcohol percent. It bears repeating: these people know their stuff when it comes to beer. The place gets packed pretty quickly in the evenings, even faster if there's a game on. But the best part about Eulogy is where it's located; there's a hookah bar right around the corner from it that you can spend some time in while you wait for a table to open up. I always do it if the place is too crowded when I get there. The staff is always very hospitable, very friendly, and very accommodating. I'll be a fan for life.
