Our wedding reception was held at the beautiful Paper Factory Hotel. During the planning stage, we reviewed several catering options including Mundo, since they were the hotel's restaurant/bar. It was definitely not the cheapest option; although it did seem like the most convenient. As we had feared, it was almost impossible to pursue the "outside vendor" option, probably because the hotel and Mundo's partnership. In other words, the hotel made it really hard for us to consider someone else other than Mundo. Therefore, we decided to move forward with them. I must say that we had a rocky beginning, especially during our first meeting where the budget and expectations were set. We wanted something simple, practical and inexpensive. During and after the meeting we felt a little uncomfortable and overwhelmed. It was not great customer service and my husband even felt a little bit offended by what was said. At the end of the day they saw the possibility to accommodate our needs. They offered hors d'oeuvres. My husband and I had several discussions about changing locations just so that we could have a better customer service and a more affordable option. Needless to say, it was a very stressful time, dealing with so many other vendors. So we decided to stick to the plan and hope for the best. Fortunately, the staff became friendlier and more attentive towards the day of the party. We did meet again and things went a little bit better. We were also nervous since they were in the middle of their move to the new location (kitchen and bar weren't open, they were working on the furniture and the floors, etc.). Finally, at the day our reception they proved to be very professional and flexible. We were at the bar at least an hour past of what we had agreed. They were very considerate, the service was excellent and the hors d'oeuvres were delicious. It was such a fun party for us and really felt supported by Mundo and their staff the day of the wedding. They exceeded our expectations. We hope Mundo the best at their grand opening and for all the years to come. We will surely come visit and say hello to everyone.
