This review is soley on the service of this location on 6/2/14 at 9:30pm I'm a manager at a hotel in Soho and I have over 6 years of experience in the hospitality industry and I have to say the service I received at this location was terrible. Its unfortunate because I always recommend this location to guest at the hotel because of the great view of the bridge and Manhattan sky line. My friend works at Brooklyn Bridge Garden and we decided to visit the infamous Grimaldis that is located near her job. All together we were a party of 5 ready to enjoy a great pizza. When we arrived we noticed there wasn't a line (Score!) and we walked right in. We waited patiently to be seated and received no eye contact or even a greeting. Oddly enough it didn't look super busy at all. We finally got the attention of someone and were seated.  We were seated near the steps and our table was pretty small and only seated 4 people comfortably .We decided it was best to take our pizza to go. We went to the front counter were there were quite a few people behind prepping pizza and a lady with blond hair on the phone. We were deciding on our toppings before we even attempted to place our order. My friend then politely excused herself , then asked if she can place her order and she was then told to hold on one moment, which was fine. Then this man with a slight accent seemed like the manager walked over and said " you have to wait for your pizza outside when your order" which i found a little rude because we could've of easily sat at the bar and purchased a drink while we wait ( loss of revenue). Even then we didn't really care because the weather was great out. The best part was when the manager then said " She gets very overwhelmed with people so stand outside". He was referring to lady with the blond hair. That was ridiculous. Why would you employ someone who  is easily " overwhelmed" in a heavy traffic restaurant. Obviously not the job for her if that is the case. She even had a smirk on her face when he said it. Customer service is major and i was very unsatisfied with the service and lack of professionalism. As a customer I don't need to know that your staff is overwhelmed. We left and do not plan on returning or recommending this place to anyone.
