The place was tiny, but nice. The decorations were cute. The food was okay and reasonably priced--the crepes were huge. I got the goat cheese and herbs. I thought it was a little too well done, and I wished they melted goat cheese instead of just sticking it into the center of the crepe--the cheese was still hard like they took it out of the fridge thirty seconds before bringing it to me. But the salad accompaniment was yummy, and the ham, egg, and cheese crepe the person next to me got looked really good. I thought the selection a little sparse given they specialize in crepes. They allow you to customize it, however I overheard the waitress tell another table that they were out of ingredients for several menu crepes. What makes me give only a three star rating is the service. The woman who served me seemed nice, if distracted, but she was a bad waitress. When I ordered an ice tea with my crepe (their black currant is really good, particularly if you take yours sugarless), she took away my water glass without asking. I'm a thirsty person, and I don't want to end up paying $10 just for ice tea refills, especially since its $2.50 for a 10oz glass of tea. I understand expensive drink pricing, but water is a free service that every restaurant should automatically extend. She spent a long time talking to customers I assumed were friends. This is wonderful for keeping business, but really bad for getting new customers. I was full from the entree, so I declined dessert. She took that to mean that I should be left sitting there (my ice tea long finished and no water supplied), while she walked back and forth past me setting the table out front and chatting with her friends. After twenty minutes, she asks if I want the check. Of course I did--my wallet's been sitting on the table for the past ten. It takes her another ten to bring it to me--she brought napkins and silverware to the outside table first, despite their not having even ordered yet. It only takes a minute to add up three things and write the total down. I'm sorry to say I left something closer to a 10% tip. I usually strive for 15-20% minimum, however I didn't want to wait for her to make change for me. That would probably mean another half hour of waiting.
