This is my first Yelp review. I've never felt so compelled to express my opinion online. The short story is that I had to run more than one red light on my way home for fear of vomiting in the car. Here's the long story. We had a reservation for two at eight o'clock. We showed up at exactly eight. We spent ten minutes in a sort of amorphous waiting area with two other parties (totaling about ten diners). After waiting awkwardly around, I approached a man who I later found out to be the owner, Joe. He told me, drunkenly, but kindly, "It'll just be a few minutes." No problem. My girlfriend (the other member of my party) works in a restaurant six days a week. We know that delays happen. So we wait another ten minutes. Immediately next to us is -- what do you know -- a table for two, empty, as it had been since we walked in. At this point, I make eye contact with Joe, and he shouts (again, charmingly -- seriously, we were in a good mood, and Joe was entertaining) at a server over the blaring music (more on that later) to set the table. She sets it: forks, knives, and napkins. We sit. We receive our menus, including a wine menu, which was fairly large -- one of the best we've seen on the island. We wait. Again. Twenty minutes. Without water. At least we had utensils. Finally, our server, a young girl with dark hair, comes over to the table and takes our beverage order. She barely looks us in the eye. I ordered a Nero D'Avola and my girlfriend a Vermintino. Still no water. Ten minutes later (it's now 8:50 for those of you keeping track), she finally brings the wine. I say 'finally' because this restaurant has twelve tables. Unacceptable. We had to request water. Even worse. I have no doubt that we wouldn't have gotten it at all had we not requested it. We order our food when she brings the wine. To start, I order stuffed eggplant (melanzane ripieni) and my girlfriend orders marinated grilled artichokes. The eggplant is a mess. It is stuffed with EVERYTHING: ground beef, pasta, rice, carrots, peas, asparagus, and two types of cheese. Sloppy doesn't even begin to describe it, both on the palate and on the plate. Mediocre in every way. I'm second-generation Italian. I lived in Italy for six months. I'm used to food that doesn't look so pretty but tastes amazing. I'm not expecting a tiny piece of food art on a giant plate like they serve at restaurants I can't afford in the city. But I don't think it's unreasonable to expect that my food look at least somewhat appetizing. The artichoke was all right. It was overdone and lacked flavor. For our main course, we ordered Lasagna di Zucca (butternut squash lasagna with speck and provolone baked in gorgonzola sauce) and the Spaghetti con Frutti di Mare al Cartoccio (spaghetti frutti di mare baked in foil). What the eff. The lasagna was a barely recognizable gloop of butternut squash and pasta and cheese on a plate. The cheese completely overwhelmed everything else. I love gorgonzola and provolone. Not like this. One bite of this for both of us completely ruined our appetites. This is the dish that nearly made me sick on the way home. My spaghetti had good flavor, but was very dry. And it was served IN THE PAPER BAG IT WAS BAKED IN. Weird. I ate some paper. Not tasty. Not appetizing. When she asks, we tell the server what we think. We only tell her about the entrees. She apologizes -- still not looking us in the eye -- and says, "Well then order something else." We have no appetites at this point. I say, "No, thanks. We'll take the check." "Have some dessert. Our dessert is good." "No thanks, just the check." She brings the dessert. "Our dessert is good," she repeats. It was. She walked away in the middle of my asking what it was, but I'm pretty sure it was Nutella cheesecake. Delicious. Really nice crust, moist cake. Yum. Thankfully, they comped the entrees, which we were grateful for, but when we finally paid the bill, it took -- again -- at least fifteen minutes to get our change back. THE RESTAURANT HAS TWELVE TABLES. How could it possibly take fifteen minutes to bring change? Mindblowing. We've heard a lot of great things about Enoteca, and we've been looking forward to coming for a while, but our experience certainly didn't align with what we've been told. From the loud music to the drunk owner to the discourteous server to the nasty food, every aspect of our experience was mediocre at best and (in the case of the food) sickening at worst. We do not recommend, and despite reviews to the contrary, will not be coming back.
