Kennett?!  What happened? You have failed the neighborhood. I used to really love it here, I think mostly for the friendly-make-you-feel-at-home service.  But that ship has sailed.  Things seemed to go down hill this summer.  The "manager" that I reported being stern in my last review has since become more talkative with me.  Booze breath once, eh, we all have our party days. Booze breath all over my table 3 times? You are a big time alcoholic and ain't fooling no one. So take your nervous alcoholic energy and shove it, next time you try to make me move my chair when the whole place is empty. Did it ever occur to you that I might have the common decency to scoot my chair back where it belongs when you finally seat that table next to me?  (And of the three times you scolded me in front of my guests about that damned chair, you never once had enough guests in the dining room to have to make use of the table by me.)  This guy stutters out a nervous spiel, the same one every time, about the local farmers and the vegetarian blah blah blah, in the most robotic insincere way.  Either make a natural informal hello and strut your pride in what you do, or put on a tuxedo and give the real fine dining spiel. I swear to god his nervous energy is enough to make me have to take a deep breath and remember that I am there to share a meal with my friends.   There used to be normal music here sometimes.  You know, the funky but mellow tunes that make you groove just a little in your seat and make a weekend night feel like a fun worthwhile time with your buds.  Now its early bird special jazz or sock and sandals wearing frat boy tunes of the 90's.  I have never been anywhere else with such an identity crisis. Thankfully the food still is fresh,quality, deliciousness.  I have been leaning toward the burgers and pizzas lately.  I wish the potato salad wasn't littered with mustard seeds.  I also wish there could be yummy baguettes with the cheese/meat boards. Those crackers are yuck and inconsistent. God forbid you catch the unsalted batch. There is also a tendency to get an over-salted salad here.  The fish is always impeccable.  The veggie burger needs work as it does fall to pieces and require fork and knife.  My vegan friend was mad that it wasn't vegan.  The desserts are usually to die for, but don't always appease a chocolate fiend. We used to get really consistent table service here, but sadly, I think the good staff have moved on because its slow.  It used to be great service even when the place was packed...no waving your arms in the air for an hour to get a sip of water.  But now, I would rather be there when its slow to get attended to properly.  Don't be afraid to ask for what you need ahead of time, like ask for large glasses of water cause you may not get a refill. I order my second round of drinks when the first hits the table, and I ask for my bill when the last course hits. Its sad, I really thought Kennett was going to be the one.  I think it will survive because the bar has a lot to offer, but thats not my thing.  At this point I walk further to the Royal because it is more consistent there, even though the ingredients and creativity are far better at Kennett.  Hopefully my complaints will help them get better....it shouldn't take much, as  I had wonderful experiences there all winter and spring.  Figure out what you were doing differently then and weed out whatever/whoever is dropping the standards now.
