I had the wonderful pleasure of hosting my future sister-in-law's bridal shower at Luca's Ristorante in Somerset, NJ.  If I could give the restaurant 100+ stars I would.  It was impeccable service and attention from start to finish. I booked this bridal shower in advance two months ago from Florida.  Yes, I live in Florida.  This restaurant was suggested by my brother, the future groom.  When I called for information one evening they were very busy but Candice spent over half an hour with me on the phone giving me detailed information about the packages/prices they offered for private parties.  I called back a few days later and spoke to the owner, Chef Andrea DiMeglio and we were able to come to a menu and package that suited our needs and budget. Planning this bridal shower from Florida was quite stressful but Chef Andea was exceptionally accommodating and he knew the vision I wanted to create! I visited Luca's the day before the shower and Chef Andrea was there to show me the private room and go over the setup and menu.  I walked in the restaurant and my jaw dropped.  I felt like I was transported to Italy.  The décor in the restaurant is stunning.  The hand made ceramics from Italy were breathtaking. I knew in my heart that this was the place for the bridal shower.  Chef Andrea opened the restaurant an hour early for me the day of the shower.  Nick was my server and he was so attentive to the details from the lighting, the music, the temperature of the room, etc.  Everything was carefully planned.  I was calm because I knew that my party was in good hands. As the guests arrived I can see their expression and look of awe at the restaurant.  They could not believe their eyes!  Many of them said, "I feel like I am in Italy"!  There were 28 women at this bridal shower.  The guests arrived at 12:30pm and warm bread was immediately offered to them.  Luca's is a BYOB and the guests had their wine poured for them.  There is no drink table- very nice touch.  (Unless you want a drink table).  Each of the guests felt so important.  The bread alone was a meal in itself.  There were several different types of bread that just melted in your mouth.  The Rosemary bread was my favorite.  All the bread was served with seasonings drenched in extra virgin olive oil. The guest of honor arrived at 1pm and I could tell she was just amazed.  The tears in her eyes were enough that I knew that Luca's was the place!  We had a champagne toast.  Appetizers and salads came out promptly.  Food was generous.  Salad was fresh and plentiful and the Italian dressing was delightful.  We had fried calamari and fried zucchini as appetizers.  There was so much on the plate!  These were prepared fresh.  The zucchini was divine!  The best fried zucchini I have ever had.  My niece commented that it was the best fried calamari she has ever eaten! Our server Nick as well as the other servers who helped were so professional.  They dressed profession and addressed everyone by their names.  They were attentive to everyone's needs from drinks to simple things like food allergies.  They knew who were the vegetarians in the group, as well as paying special attention the children in the party.  I cannot say enough about them!!!! They are wonderful!!!  They kept eye contact with me and knew what I was thinking.  Everything was perfect.  Just perfect. Our entrees consisted of a choice of chicken marsala, chicken monte bianco or eggplant rollatini.  The presentation of each entrée was a work of art.  The guest of honor commented that the Chicken Marsala was "amazing" and "the best" she has had!  Chef Andrea made a special meal for my two nieces and my little 5 year old niece commented "these chicken fingers are the best ever"!  They were fresh chicken strips made from chicken breasts.  Truly impressive! After the main meal we opened presents.  We brought our own cake and Luca's did not charge a cutting or plate fee.  Dessert and coffee was served.  The coffee was so smooth....love it! The staff coffee was so smooth....love it! The staff at Luca's helped us carry all the heavy gifts out to our car.  They also wrapped up the food that the guests could not finish.  They provided these extraordinary heavy duty take out brown bags with handles for the guests.  Their take out containers were so fancy! This place is heaven.  It is a gem!  I highly highly, highly recommend this restaurant.  The food is incredible.  I visit Las Vegas 2-3 times a year for conferences and this restaurant and their food surpasses the quality of food at the high end Italian restaurants in Vegas. I will definitely return every time I am in NJ.  Chef Andrea does what he does best....creating wonderful food and atmosphere with love and passion.  The prices are reasonable and fair.  It is family here.  I had the wonderful opportunity to meet Chef Andrea's father and brother.  It is a piece of heaven!
