After all the great ratings on yelp from the other reviewers, we decided to try out Ekta (Fishtown).  We're an Indian family, so while we may be pickier than some, most of the time yelp reviews have not steered us wrong.  That is until we ate at Ekta.  (For those of you that don't want to read the whole review, in short the service was poor and very slow, and the food was okay at best.  I won't be going there again, and I would not recommend it). We came in for lunch (12pm)  on a weekday, and the entire place was empty.  Not a big deal since it is a weekday, so we decided to sit down anyway.  The waiter brought the papad and chutneys to our table while we looked over the menu to order.  The papad was good and crisp, and tasted fresh.  The tamarind chutney was also very tasty (tart and not overly sweet), but the mint chutney, while it was spicy and not bad, had a sweet undertone that shouldn't ever be present when making mint chutney in the traditional way.  Over all though, we were still enjoying our little snacks while we were figuring out what to order. We ordered the Samosa Chaat and Onion Bhaji as our appetizers.  This is where our disappointing experience really began.  We had asked for the chutneys and yogurt to be brought out on the side and not mixed in to the samosa chaat so that we could add those things in to our taste (a lot of restaurants make it too sweet for our taste, so it's just easier this way).  Asking for all three of these things on the side was like a 3 minute conversation, so when they brought out the dish and it was soaking in chutneys but had the yogurt on the side, we were a little miffed, but understood that everyone can make mistakes and decided to try it and see how we liked it before we complained.   That's when things just got worse.  Samosas are supposed to be served hot... even when they are used in samosa chaat.  The samosas in the samosa chaat we were served was cold... like straight out of the fridge cold.  In addition, there was so much tamarind chutney in the dish that the samosa were basically swimming in it (not an exaggeration).  So at this point we reminded the waiter nicely how we had originally ordered it, and since the samosa was cold if they could serve it to us hot instead.  While the waiter admitted that most people serve the samosa hot and add all the cool/ cold ingredients on top, their restaurant did not and only served it cold.  As a restaurant, if you have a microwave in the kitchen (which we know they did), why not just make a customer happy and heat up the samosa before serving it?  I've never been to a restaurant that refused to accommodate the customer.   In the end, they brought out another very cold samosa in the samosa chaat, and didn't bring out any chutneys to go with it at all, expecting us to eat it dry.  On an upside, the onion bhaji was very good, but again they forgot to bring out the chutney accompaniment that goes with it, and we had to remind them to bring it for us.   For lunch we had ordered the saag paneer and vegetables with unripe mango (can't remember the name, but it seemed really interesting) and two orders of garlic naan.  After a while the waiter brought out the saag paneer and mango vegetables, but didn't clear our table first, so he had a lot of trouble placing things.  When we stacked and collected our appetizer plates and dishes for him he took them away (another thing I don't usually have to do for a waiter to clear the table, which added to the poor service I mentioned in the first paragraph).  We waited 15 minutes for our garlic naan to be served to us after he brought out our vegetables and it was only after one of us walked over to the door of kitchen/takeout area  where the 2 workers  where and asked about our naan since our vegetables were now getting cold.  The response was "oh, do you only want 1 now?"  Really?!  15 minutes is absurd when those items should have been brought out together since they are meant to be eaten together!  Every other restaurant I have ever been to gives you all the portions of your entrée at the same time.   Did I mention there was still no one else in the restaurant, so it's not like they were busy serving other guests.  There also didn't seem to be many take out/delivery  orders at the time since we were sitting close to the door and would have been able to see another customer or delivery person.  The entrees we ordered were okay in taste and appropriately spicy for what we ordered.    I would still prefer Tiffin,  Karma, or Palace at the Ben to this place because their food and service are both good. If anyone was wondering, we were nice to the waitstaff despite the trouble and even told them our opinions as to how to improve service, but it didn't seem like they cared.    All in all, I will not be going back and I won't recommend this place to anyone because of their poor/slow service and just okay food.
