My husband and I visited the Bakery 3 times while we were in the city.  It was amazing!!! The bread was great and the VIENNOISERIE is delicious from the bakery. Our experience was great at the Patisserie :)  The service was quick and answered all the questions we asked. The lattes were good too.  We had baguette, pain au levain, croissant, pain au chocolat, croissant aux amandes, chocolate sable.  All the food was just amazing..I've been waiting years and years to try this place.  We came to the city just to eat our way through all the gems.   After our visits to the bakery, we had some extra time our last day and decided to have lunch at the restaurant.  It was packed like I'm sure it always is so we put our name on the waiting list.  No worries we shopped around and then came back an hour later to make sure they didn't call our name. The hostess said that we were the next reservation and I told her where we would be waiting.  We couldn't wait inside the restaurant because there is no space to sit.  There was no seating at the bar to grab a drink either so we waited outside the front door. Six tables were seated during our wait to get a table.  My husband went up the second time to check the status and they just repeated that we were next on the list to be seated. After we got a table, it took about 15 minutes for someone to come poor our water.  Our waiter appeared 5 minutes later and asked what we wanted to drink.  We told him we wanted water and that we wanted to go ahead and order. I ordered foie gras and chicken liver mousse. The Hubby-goat cheese and onion tart. We also told the waiter that we would just be doing appetizers and to go ahead and bring the check so we could cash out.  (WE KNEW THEY WERE BUSY SO WE WERE TRYING TO BE NICE AND GET DONE QUICKLY)  When I asked him to describe the foie to me, he just looked at my menu and read it word for word.  Thanks man....that really helped. I asked him if it was cold and he replied yes. I also asked him if they had any foie served warm and they didn't.  I was willing to give it a try.  After 10 more minutes, the SA came by to fill our now empty water glasses.  I asked him if we could have some bread. (BALTHAZAR YOUR BREAD IS AMAZING!!!! NOBODY....I REPEAT NOBODY SHOULD HAVE TO ASK FOR IT)  I would think that a restaurant who has such a great bread program would let it shine better!!!!  Twenty more minutes have passed and our waiter comes up to our table and asks, "Oh, have you not received your food yet?"  I stated to him no we haven't and he said he would check on it.  NEWSFLASH: If I'm sitting at your table with unused utensils and NO plates in front of me, I probably haven't gotten my food yet.....!  The food arrived about 10 minutes after that and thankfully the tart was warm.  I was worried it would have been sitting up in the pass for the past half hour.  The food was delicious and perfect. SIDE NOTE: We still haven't received the check yet even though we asked for it upon ordering.  Again.....we knew they were busy and were trying to help. ***So recap before I continue: *I was told a 45 minute wait.   We waited a total of 1 1/2 hours./*It took way too long for water and our server to approach the table./*I had to ask for bread at the beginning./*Our waiter was uneducated and inattentive. *The food was delicious kudos to the kitchen staff....YOU ROCKED IT!!! Our plates were cleared promptly by the SA. The waiter came by about 5 minutes after and asked what we wanted to order for entree.  We stated to him for the second time that we would just be doing appetizers and we wanted the check so we could review it and make sure it was ok.  Then, the FOH GM came by to see about our concerns because they could tell we were unhappy.  We told her the timing at the door and the timing for beverage/food and not having our check yet.  She was very apologetic and said she wanted to give us dessert on the house.  We said we didn't want anything; we just wanted her to know how bad the service was for us.  She was very sorry and insisted on giving us a dessert and we told her no again and we were going to Lombardi's for pizza.  Shortly after we talked with her she brought our ticket and stated that she didn't understand the timing of things.  She told us the ticket had been started at 3:00pm.  We then told her that 15 minutes ago we were asked by our waiter if our food hadn't arrived yet . ***I'm assuming the ticket was never put in or not fired off by the waiter.  We gave her our payment.  She soon came by with poured champagne insisting on making our experience better and we declined.  My husband doesn't drink any alcohol. I understand you will never please everyone. We were so upset that the food is amazing and worth the trip, but the service totally ruined the experience. Next time we come to the city, we will pop into the Patisserie for bread and pastry, but we will never go back to the restaurant.  We can get that kind of food anywhere in the city.
