As an East Coaster transplanted to the Midwest, I crave real seafood.  You know, REAL paper thin scallop sashimi still twitching, REAL actual crab still crawling until the moment of its untimely steaming and urchin so briny & sweet it will you make you shed a wee little tear. Never gonna happen in Chicago. Oh, the locals think it does and for some reason chefs keep opening "seafood" restaurants to much fanfare (ie GT Oyster), but guess what - they're straight up wrong.  If one were only to take a look at a map, one would notice a funny thing about the Midwest & Chicago in particular: it's about, oh, 600-700 MILES FROM THE NEAREST SALT WATER. That overpriced tiny oyster being sucked down is most likely a week old & already rackin up stupid frequent flier miles. Kinda sad in sustainability crazy 2012. All that being said, I personally have a funny habit - I try my darndest to only eat sea creatures when I am near the sea.  So on any trip back to the East Coast, I make a point to gorge myself on as much seafood as possible.  This trip was barely 24 hrs and I hit four spots, one of which was this Disneyland of Italian food, Eataly. Overall not a bad experience. A dizzying array of food choices in a supermarket on steroids can actually yield some true gems in the rough.  The urchin and raw, surprisingly nutty rock shrimp I slurped down at the seafood counter were both elegantly simple and simply spectacular. However the "fresh" pasta I watched being made while I did so left me disturbed.  The giant shiny Willie Wonk-ish ravioli machine resplendant with two large rolls of pasta resembling paper towel rolls seemed to be cartoonishly stamping a single raviolo out of each large sheet of dough. When I inquired with the starched white & oversized Oomp-Loompa manning the contraption, he said that because of the size & shape of this particular pasta shape (4" square with squiggle edges), the machine could only make one at a time out of each 7" sheet of dough.  The trimmings could not be used again because the dough would be too tough. WOW. I wonder how the little grandmas all over Italy manage without such a wondrous invention.
