I moved to South Philly in 2008 and love this restaurant.  It's a place my husband took me to for romantic dinners before we tied the knot.  It's a place where we've celebrated birthdays and had countless dinners with friends.  The staff recognizes the phone number reservation because it is a Lancaster area code.  I brought tons of family here after my college graduation and we've referred a countless number of people to our Scannichio's.  All in all, we've spent thousands of dollars at this restaurant.  Our most recent visit was this evening, May 7th, our second wedding anniversary.  We are expecting a baby and wanted to make the night special, so we decided to use a restaurant.com gift card to get an appetizer and some dessert.  Upon checkout, we were informed the restaurant is no longer accepting this gift card which clearly states "no expiration date."  Not wanting to ruin the ambience and make a scene, I requested a senior discount or something of the nature to offset the declined use of the card.  Nothing.  The girl that broke the news was very sweet and you could tell she was humiliated for having to explain something so absurd asked of her by "the owners."  Now, instead of enjoying the rest of my anniversary evening... I'm writing this letter, just blown away how one of our favorite restaurants so quickly brushed off our $25 giftcard.  Looking back, I wish I had made a scene because their contract with restaurant.com is not my problem - Scanniccho's was already paid.  Now, they've been paid twice.  I've sent them a letter and asked them to set this right.  I'm bummed and hope I can remove this posting once they've corrected their wrong doing. Update:  They called me within 12 hours of firing the email to apologize stating they would have done something last night had I talked to someone else.  The next time we go in, they'll do something special to make up for it.  I was impressed.  It was heartfelt and I almost felt bad for them for dealing with the whole restaurant.com mess.  It turns out they do not get a profit from them whatsoever and are looking for a way to inform customers prior to their meal.  We'll be back for sure... it's hard to stay away.
