Went here today to grab a quick order of Fish & Chips and a Raspberry Framboise.  Nestled in at the end of the bar and said to the bartender, Adam, I'd like a Framboise and an order of Fish & Chips put in right away; I was super hungry.  After about ten minutes, an incredibly snarky toned, seemingly angry older woman with curly hair comes and props the door wide open. Huh? What? It had just rained and the air was chilled and damp.  I asked her what she was doing and she said she needed to air the place out. Huh? What? Air it out from what? The stench of horrible customer service?!?!  After fifteen more minutes and three times of asking, the door was closed, but not all the way, just partially.  It was five minutes after that that the snarky older server decided to do the job correctly and close the door completely.  You would have thought that I was not the paying customer and that she was not the employee of the London Grill, supposedly there to give good customer service.  After over thirty minutes of sitting there, mostly in the damp air filled bar waiting for my "quick" order of Fish & Chips, I asked the bartender, Adam, how much longer the Fish & Chips were going to be.  His response, and this is really f*#@ing hysterical, was "Oh".  "Oh"? I replied, as he walked over to the computer (to put the Fish & Chips order in that I had ordered over thirty minutes prior!!!)  I guess he was too busy watching the football games to do his job.  I told him to forget it, I was so pissed off at this point that I had just waited over thirty minutes for food that wasn't even being prepared!!!  What has happened to customer service?  Just because you offer mediocre food doesn't mean you need to pair it up with crappy service.  This lack of good service comes from the Manager, who was hanging out, sitting at the bar, showing her employees how low her standards are...  In a city full of great places to grab a bite to eat, why would anyone choose this place?  The service sucks, and that is a nice way to say it, the beers are overpriced, we paid $12.10 for one Lambic, and keep in mind all the B.S. we went through, he should have comped that beer.  I am in the industry and usually tip 30% and above.  Today, I left $12.25 on $12.10 and truly wanted to wait for my fifteen cents in change, but figured it would have taken him forever to get that to me as well.  No wonder you have the ratings you do London Grill.  Your level of service is pathetic.
