I have been in the food service biz off and on for years - server, bartender and manager.  So this review comes from a place of knowing the biz a little bit. To paraphrase:  I ordered take out wings on a recommendation from a friend. I went on their website to see what they offered for flavors. None are listed.  All it said was smothered in our choice of sauces. So I decided to take a chance and drove 35 miles to try them out (I am a wings fanatic). I asked about the flavors. The cashier person rattled them off confidently and I decided to go with their hottest - Inferno. I ordered 2 dozen (2 full orders).  I opened the container in the car - I couldn't wait to try them.  My first impression was that there is no 'smothering' of sauce.  They smelled good, but I could tell they were not Inferno anything. It was more like a campfire.  Inferno wings means out of control fire, super hot, make you sweat, run for the hills!  The sauce was drizzled on like you would put dressing on a salad - and on a diet. 75-80% of each wing was bare. I tried a few of them while they were hot. There was nothing Inferno about their hottest sauce. It was an edible, buttery flavor for a buffalo, but it was not hot at all.  I went back in to see about getting a side of sauce to cover the rest of wings. A different cashier said sure, but I'll have to charge for it. I kindly said hmm your website says smothered in sauce. These are mostly bare.  He said it's not too much, only 50 cents.  I said well, how much for a fountain soda and sauce, I don't want to put $2 on a cc.  I  have $2.25 (in quarters and a $1 bill).  He said the total is $2.70 or something. I said I have $2.25, can you do that.  He gives me a smug 'no'.  I said well how much for a bottled soda and sauce. He says $2.39.  I said I have $2.25. He gives another smug 'no'.  I'm thinking for 14 cents they are going to lose a wings-loving first time customer.  I gave him 50 cents for the solo cup (half full, I might add) of sauce.  I was polite, although pretty pissed inside and kept it friendly.  If they had done as they advertise on their menu - smothered, (and after my explaining to them that that's what the menu says) I would not be writing. I didn't see anywhere on their website for comments. I was very much looking forward to continuing business with them, but for 14 cents they chose not to do business with me.
