I like Lincoln Station a lot. I spend a lot of money there. They see me often. It's near the train, the Brooklyn Museum, and the Botanical Gardens. Great place to have a meeting, do work, eat brunch, grab a snack, have dinner, get takeout. LS serves so many purposes and is an all around great joint. Here are things I love about it (reasons for the 4 stars): 1. The braised kale sandwich. Where the hell else are you going to get a sandwich filled to the gills with kale? That's right. Nowhere. And with the fava bean spread and focaccia this is perhaps the best sandwich I've ever had. 2. Iced Americanos. Perfection every time. 3. $3 Beer. 4. Computer users have to sit at the communal table. And I do so for some of my own work. There are plugs at each seat and coat hooks under the table. Keeps home-workers away from choice window seating. Totally logical. 5. Lots of veggie salad options. The fact is there are just too few cafes that have non-bread-based options. I'm not vegan, not even gluten-free, but I like to get in my 4-6 servings of veggies a day and don't always like to cook. These are great for a snack or a meal. 6. Friendly register people. 7. The soups are bangin'. And to keep it real here are a few criticisms in case the owners/managers read all of the reviews (why it is not 5 stars): 1. French fries are over-cooked. Lighten up dudes! Fries don't gotta be so crispy. Also please cut them a little bigger. 2. Bfast sandwich is good but could use some tweaking/is sometimes too greasy. Maybe add something crunchy like lettuce or tomato. Lighten up on what seems to be mayonnaise-based red sauce. 3. Fried chicken usually too salty/has been brined too long--this is also the case with the chicken at the sister restaurant, Bar Corvo. Brining is good, but not to be overdone. I love salt, so if something is too salty, then it really is too salty. To be fair, I've had some great fried chicken here. It's just hit or miss with the salt thing. 4. Cookies can be too hard. Make softer cookies! 5. Wifi can be spotty.
