I went to Pylos last night for the first time because I have been on a Greek fix and want to try all of the Greek restaurants in town.  Because of the great Yelp reviews, I was really excited, but alas, it was not to be.  I sat at the communal table because we didn't make reservations.  I ordered the octopus appetizer and the branzino.  The octopus was good, a little on the salty side, but it tasted super fresh.  My second course was when things started to fall apart.  My branzino looked perfectly prepared, so I was excited to dig in.  On my first bite, I got a small fish bone stuck in my throat, and I couldn't swallow it or spit it out, so I had to run to the restroom and dig it out of the back of my throat.  I went back to the table and decided I would tackle it again, but even though I thought I was careful, my second bite contained another fishbone.  I then started picking through it and found several bones.  I told the waitress that I didn't think the fish had been de-boned properly, and she replied, "You know, fish have a lot of bones."  My friend told her I order fish all the time (and in fact, had the same octopus/branzino combination just a week earlier at Kefi, which was AMAZING).  She seemed unconvinced and took my plate away and then came back and asked if I wanted something else.  I said I would just order the three spreads (appetizer).  Meanwhile, the manager came over to make sure everything was okay.  After I got the spreads, I asked our server if I could get some more warm bread because the bread we had gotten at the beginning of the meal had already hardened.  She said of course and then never came back with bread even though she plopped bread down in front of the couple next to us who had just come in.  I wanted to see if they would notice, but I never heard from her again, and when they took away my plate of spreads (which I had eaten only a few bites of), they did not ask me whether the meal was okay or if something was wrong with what I had eaten.  The main gripe I have with the restaurant is how they acted like I was inconveniencing them by being picky.  So I ended the night starving and went home and ordered take-out.  Since everyone raves about this place, maybe I just had a bad experience, but I wouldn't go back again.
