Living on the edge of Sunnyside and LIC there are few quality restaurants in the immediate vicinity. Normally I have to frequent Queens Blvd, Astoria, Greenpoint or Manhattan to get a decent meal. As a result when a business has the potential to be good maybe even great you tend to support and look past its flaws supporting in hopes they will eventually get better. Such is the case with WilliamsBurger, an over priced burger joint which apparently caters to the lunch work crowd at their Sunnyside location. Their food is hit or miss, which is to say that after ordering from them in the restaurant and ordering delivery it's a coin toss as to which WilliamsBurger will present itself. They don't take credit cards and they previously didn't even enter you into the system so literally every time you ordered delivery you had to explain where you lived. The staff is constantly changing so there is no consistency and apparently you have to suffer through the learning curve of being provided good service not even great service. The owner is a kind enough fellow who you can tell takes pride in his product and generally cares. Type of guy who will eventually get it right. However between managing two locations (the other in Brooklyn where the restaurants name originated) you can tell it's a challenge. They have yet to receive their alcohol license but its boldly advertised that they have beer. Their desserts are delicious yet overpriced and the portions are ridiculously small. So small in fact that you should tell them the piece you want because without doing so prior I swear they do all in their power to give you as little as possible. I recently paid $15 for a chili dog and a brownie with ice cream. Occasionally there are hard gristle like balls in the burger meat about the size of green peas. I have experienced this at least twice which was a major turn off to me and is the reason I started eating their hot dogs. The burgers for the price should be substantially larger and the fries should also be a larger portion. Im not suggesting an enormous portion but we are in Queens and not a boutique eatery in the south of France. The chili is portioned well but suffers from the same gristle problem. The hot dogs are good but should be at around $4 dollars and up per dog. $10 dollars for ordinary mac and cheese and they will put thick cut bacon fat on it if you like. Thick fat bacon not crispy bacon. The wings are $12 bucks and are breaded, cant tell if they are frozen or not but they always come out soggy.  Tried them several times until I stopped ordering those as well. Shakes are delicious and appropriately priced. Fries are okay nothing to write home about and as mentioned early should be slightly larger in portion. They need to get their act together as they will not deliver 5 minutes away driving, 7 minutes away on bicycle and 9 minutes away walking literally 0.4 miles. As a reader you might be asking why don't you pick up. Because I shouldn't have to. They delivered in the past and now gave me a lame excuse as to why they won't any longer. It depends on the driver. So the service at the restaurant depends on the server, the delivery depends on the driver which essentially means there is zero accountability and very little consistency. I wish this business all the luck in the world but if they can't figure out a way to cater to their repeat clientele without said clientele having to name drop that they know the owner every time they order delivery they will find themselves consistently replacing staff and soon not renewing their lease. I will not be coming back unless its for a shake or a hot dog.
