To begin with, my friend, Anthony invited me to dinner at this place ( he was recommended to by a friend). And since I had not been here before, I was so excited  because being  an African woman with African pride, I love African food because of the way it feels so natural (Listen: I am not being a jerk to American food, but I am so conservative, perhaps??). He definitely made an excellent choice to take me to this Ethiopian restaurant, except I did not want to tell him because he would grow a big-swollen head..and scream 'yeah, yeah, I am the bomb!' Lol...just kidding, but truth be told, he obviously made a great choice for this dinner venue... He went an extra mile and sent me the link to the menu,  all I did was nodding and mmmm-ing as I read the menu. I already liked the food from the menu. And the fact that the last time I had had Ethiopian food was over a year ago back in Africa, tickled me, but I still kept the excitement to myself to make sure, Anthony's head remained the same size on me:-) As soon as we entered the restaurant at a few minutes past 9pm, the reception was good, the staff there are very simple and friendly (forget about being flashed a dry smile, the smiles coming from these people are genuine-probably because they know their food will hook you up after wards! Because I am 75% vegetarian (Anthony calls it 75% skinny:-)), I ordered for a vegetarian meal-Yemerser Wot combined with Gomen, and he ordered for a non vegetarian meal-Lamb(Yebeg Wot) just in case we messed up the orders or didn't like it, we could feast on the other's order. I have not yet said both orders tasted wow wow wow, but let me first mention that for starters, we had Sambusa pastry filled with lentiles and Dibulbul tips. Remember I am 75% skinny, so again I liked the vegetarian order and he preferred to be 75% non skinny! OMG, did I mention the starters were excellent to taste? People, pack your bags and go eat at this place! The eating was great, I was fascinated that the food is eaten using fingers-totally amazing! And because I am an African woman, it was a good feeling because it reminded me of my African roots, yes before forks and spoons came over, fingers were the thing! And i just felt good using them once more to scoop the food into my mouth. Anthony loved the food and I could tell from the smiles that the food was sinking good, and he liked the use of fingers, except once in a while, his American instincts destabilized him and he would grab a fork to use for like 10 seconds before I warn him that we are in 'Africa within Hartford!' then he would place the fork down. The most amazing part was when one of the staff came over to check if everything was going on well, and once we said yes, he was so happy and flashed his genuine smile, but he noticed that we were not eating in the 'original' way, so he had to give some eating classes to Anthony. He asked Anthony to grab some bread, which he did, but he grabbed a small piece. The staff was like 'no, that is a small size, you are a man, pick a bigger piece' I could not help laughing heartily! Perhaps out of excitement, Anthony grabbed a more bigger one again, and  the staff was again like, 'no, that is too big, cut from this side, and reduce it to a bit smaller, yes, yes, yes, stop there, don't cut further' and once Anthony got the right size, he said 'ahaaaa, that is your size now' Then he took Anthony through a less than 1 minute tense lecture..he asked Anthony  to place the bread flat on the sauce, grab it, place on the lamb, grab it, place on the vegetables, grab it, until all the different foods were scooped in the bread..It was a great experience for both of us. I was only smiling and impressed. Then he made this rib breaking comment that tickled happy tears out of my eyes 'if you keep eating the way you did, you will end up eating for two months in this place' Totally hilarious, I laughed until tears were flowing uncontrollably- in fact I like that guy because he made our evening! Using the new learned tactics, we sped up our eating and by 10:30pm, we were done. This place is good, people! The food is totally appetizing, did I really mention that the food tastes great? It is very good, I loooved  loved loved it. I would not mind going back to this place many times, and anytime I swing around Hartford, I will make sure to have a meal here. I am totally hooked! Only problem: We had to pack the car slightly far across the road, but that does not take off any points to rate the food at Abyssinian restaurant. It is worth the time and any resources involved. Go and eat here!
