I am not the type of person to ever speak badly of a business or restaurant, but my experience at Amada made me want to warn other people. My boyfriend took me to this restaurant for my birthday. We left our car with valet and went inside. We were in the building for about two hours. When we came back we were ready for our car to be brought out. We waited almost 20 minutes for the car. There were people that came 5, 10, 15 minutes after us and their cars were brought out before ours. At first, my boyfriend and I were enjoying the night, not thinking anything of having to wait a short while. The gentleman in charge of the valet kept coming over to us, telling us that the car would be out shortly. Again, we were not concerned. What I thought was strange was that he kept receiving phone calls and during these calls he would walk to the complete other end of the BLOCK and talk. This happened at least three times. After it had been about 20 minutes, our car was brought out from a different direction than the other vehicles had come from. The minute the car came to a stop, the gentleman in charge whipped the passenger side door open for me. I thought nothing of it, as it is a nice restaurant and I assumed he was opening the door for a woman. We drove directly home and the moment we got out of the car we saw that the entire side of his vehicle was dented and had black streaks down the side. His hood, for whatever reason, was open slightly and when he tried to close it it would not close. The next day I called the restaurant to speak to the manager. She was not there, but I left a lengthy message. I explained that I knew nothing could be proven, and she had no way of telling if I was credible at all, but that I wanted her to be aware of this situation. She did not have the decency to at least return my call. Not only was it one dishonest person that night that created a mess for my boyfriend and I, but it was the entire valet. The gentleman in charge obviously got a call from the person who did this to the car, and while he was down the street told the driver to just bring it back and not say a word. I can expect this from a parking garage. I do not expect this from an expensive restaurant. I will never return to this restaurant again, and if you read this I would hope that you find on street parking or trust your car in a garage. It is clear that the side of the car was hit. We will be fixing that. But there are no scratches, dents, defects in the front of the car. It is beyond me what happened to the hood. It would be nice to at least know what happened so that when we take it to be repaired they would know what to look for. I hope that this gives you some insight into what type of restaurant this is.
