We recently had our sons christening at Amici's and my husband and I, along with our guest were VERY DISAPPOINTED with Amici's.  I must say the first issue I had was that the owner wanted all the money up front as if it was a wedding.  My husband owns a deli/pizzeria (which includes catering) and he was disgusted with the fact that the owner, Fran called us the day of the christening and said to my husband, "where's my money?".  I must say that I did give him a $250 cash deposit for the venue and he knew we were coming. No need to call and harass us especially since I called the day before and told the asst. manager that I would be paying it off in full the morning of the party and was told that it was fine.  Sounds to me like one manager doesn't know what the other one is doing. My second complaint that I have - and there are quite a few - I was told by my family and friends that prior to the party starting  went to the bar for some drinks.  The bartender never gave back any coin change to the guest.  SHADY SHADY SHADY.....and did it to three different guest.  When asked if there was any coin change in the register, the bartender responded " I must have forgotten".... they forgot THREE TIMES in a matter of two minutes....I DON'T THINK SO! Sounds like Amici's makes a little profit every drink you buy by not giving you back your change - ALL OF YOUR CHANGE! Furthermore- the food was GROSS.  I had people complaining to me after the fact of couse, that their stomaches were upset for a day or two.  With ONE BATHROOM facility for men and woman - that was not a good thing either.  I was told that the food would be nonstop, as we ordered the family style....my guest had to ask for refills on things.  NONSTOP means the waitress sees it getting low - they are suppose to refill it AUTOMATICALLY....that IS what we paid for. In addition to those complaints my pet peeve with this restaurant was that we paid $8 extra per person for BEER, WINE, SODA AND SANGRIA however the waitresses NEVER OFFERED beer or wine.....yet AMICI'S still charged us the $8 per person.  Talk about trying to make a profit and no living up to the contract which I signed... My sons cake was cut up and never fully distributed to the guest that wanted choc. cake - they cut it up and left the slices on the tray by the kitchen door.  Also, the partician that was suppose to block the other party from interfering with our party FELL ON MY HEAD during the party!!!!  We had children and a few infants at this party - what if one of them got hurt???? NO ONE did anything to resolve the situation.  I will NEVER go to Amici's again and I strongly suggest no one else goes there either.  It's a shame how they run their business and I think they prey on people.  My husband called Fran, the owner to complain and he has still not returned our phone call....wonder why ????
