I have been to Alta several times, and finally feel compelled to write a review now that I've been and ordered "The Whole Shebang", which is one of everything they have on the menu (excluding cheeses)-- about 45 plates. I went with a group of nine people for a friend's birthday. Within 5 minutes after we ordered, the food started coming. And coming. And coming. It was being delivered so fast, it was overwhelming. And of course, we were all trying to get a little bit of everything, which is hard because tapas plates are generally pretty small. It was a lot of taking a half of a half of a scallop or a corner of a ravioli. So in that respect, it was a little difficult to share, because no one wanted to miss out on the good stuff. And also, a lot of the time you have no idea what you're eating. And I'm pretty sure I either didn't get some of the plates to try or they forgot to bring them to us... hard to tell. But fun too! In terms of the food... what I learned was that the things I had ordered when I had been to Alta previously were actually the best things on the menu. A lot of the other stuff was just ok. It would have been nice to probably have 3 plates each of about a 1/3 of the menu so that everyone could have more of the really good stuff. So I think that would be my recommendation... the 'Whole Shebang' is a neat idea and fun to try, but  if I did it again with 9 people, it might be best to just identify the things that everyone seems to want and get multiples of those. Here is a summary: The menu highlights (things I will order again)-- bacon wrapped dates and olives, whipped deviled egg, fried goat cheese with lavender honey, lamb meatballs, "blt", mozzarella skewers, "pizza", rosemary lamb, spinach / marscapone bruscetta, tuna tartar, scallops, brussle sprouts, shrimp/ chorizo skewers, fois gras, smoked duck breast, and braised short rib, and SANGRIA (they really have spectacular sangria!) things I wish i remembered/ knew what they were/ got to eat them (because they sound good) - will probably try next time: philidelphia truffle surprise, serrano ham wrapped okra, avocado relleno, summer corn risotto, grilled cobia Ambiance is great... it's big, two stories, and has an feel like feel sort of like a rustic old spain feel (not that i've been, but it seems like an appropriate feel for tapas). I haven't ever gotten spectacular service, but never had problems either. It's usually fast, quick, to the point. You get the feeling that they're trying to turn tables over quickly, which I guess makes sense as there's always people waiting. Overall, Alta is a new york institution for tapas... you really can't go wrong if you trust your instincts on the dishes, and the reviews seem to be fairly consistent in terms of what menu items are the best.
