This is a common stop for us in Chinatown, and is one of the best places for late night eating in the area The portions, as you can see in the photos, are quite large for dishes that only cost $4 to $6. The more expensive items reach into the $10 and $20 range, but these are typically items that are expensive for the restaurant to acquire (such as suckling pig) or only available when in season (like snow crab), and they're often able to be shared by two or three people. You also get hot oolong tea with the meal, which drives the price down even more because you don't need to spend a buck on a Coke (which will probably be served in a can with a straw). Also, keep in mind that the menu is laminated under the table because it's bigger than you would ever imagine. You may find yourself at a loss for what to order, so I would recommend either looking at the menu online and finding what you like or just picking whatever meat you prefer and going for it. There's the usual array of noodle and rice dishes, as well as noodle soups, congee (a sort of rice porridge), and vegetarian dishes. The place is notoriously cramped and loud, and the decor is limited (they've made it a bit prettier after the recent renovations, but it's still fairly bare), but I don't consider this an issue; you can't exactly eat the atmosphere. If you're especially lucky, you'll end up seated at a communal table in the center of the room. Some may not like this, but others can use it as an opportunity to make new friends. It's not a date location, and it's not a place for corporate meetings; it's an in-and-out place where you can stumble in at 3:00 AM and get a big plate of noodles and beef, or head in during the lunch rush to split a plate of the New York Times' favorite crab. You won't necessarily be rushed out, but it's not designed for wasting away hours of your time toying with your meal or nursing a glass of wine. And at the end of the day, what matters is that you get a lot of good Chinese food (probably enough for two meals) for a very low price.
