Disappointing. I remember when Walter Foods opened, I was spending a lot of time in Williamsburg, but in recent years my life has been focused in other parts of the city. A friend's band performance brought me back to Williamsburg for the night, and Walter Foods was a must on my list. The French Dip Sandwich, Lolli pop Chicken wings and Blackberry Bramble were my favorites years ago, and I was stoked that they were still on the menu. So that was my order. Let me tell you, these are not my favorites anymore and Walter Foods has lost a spot in my heart. The French Dip was on day old, maybe two day old baguette, not the crunchy delicious bread it used to be on. The warm sliced steak was almost non-exisitant and flavorless. Sad. Sad. Sad.... and the sadness continued with the lollipop chicken wings..... hot wings, tossed in cold gloppy hot sauce and served swimming in sauce. I ate one, and decided the calories weren't worth the rest. This food is definitely not made by the same chef and cooks that opened this place and made the menu so good years ago. My Bramble, was so sour and tart it was hard to drink. I understand it is not blackberry season, and maybe I should not have ordered it, but come on Mr. Bartender change the drink if you can't get in good berries.... have you tasted it lately? One might ask, why didn't you address these issues with your server? I would have if she could manage to get over to my table. It wasn't like she was over worked or anything the place was not packed, she was just too busy chatting with her friends 3 tables away. Eye contact, Hand wave.... Did it, got me nothing.  I had to ask for my check 3 times before I actually got it. Manager? Nope don't think there was one working that night. Maybe they should invest in one.   I was really hoping to go back to an old favorite for a meal that would bring back memories, but instead I got crap and indigestion. Mr. Walter Foods, please get back to the basics... well cooked food and attentive service. It is not that much to ask for.
