If you are looking for the best restaurant in NYC, L'Artusi is the place! First Off, Appetizers: I have tried the Day Boat Scallops, the Carpaccio, and the Butter Lettuce Salad. The Scallops are fantastic. Thinly sliced and covered in a very good olive oil mixture. The Carpaccio is equally as good as the thinly sliced meat is paired perfectly with nuts and olive oil. Finally, the butter lettuce salad was surprisingly satisfying. Me and my fiancee aren't usually salad people, but we wanted to take a shot with this salad. The lettuce was perfect and there was a generous amount of Gorgonzola cheese that melted in your mouth as you ate it. There was not enough dressing for my taste but overall, it was a very satisfying dish. Main Course: Cream of the Crop! This is the reason you come to L'Artusi. I got the Hen of the Woods Chicken and my fiancee got the pork chop. Usually when I go to L'Artusi I get the quail which is absolutely great but small so I wanted to try something new. We wouldn't normally order chicken from a restaurant because it is a normally boring dish, but it was recommended by the staff so we decided to give it a try. Thank God we did! It had to be the best chicken I have ever eaten!! Seriously, the best! It had a crisp crust and the juiciest center I have ever tasted. It is also a big portion which satisfies me more. The pork chop was super tender and was also a very large portion. Desserts I ordered the Pumpkin Tiramisu and I wasn't blown away but it was a good dish. It tasted similar to pumpkin pie. The Olive Oil cake seems to be a favorite at L'Artusi and I see why. It seems like a weird order but it is very moist and tasty. The Chocolate Budino is rich but once again didn't blow us away. The Hazelnut Chocolate Torta is very good as well. Overall, the meal here is fantastic. Great selection of wines and beautiful meals pair perfectly for a great night out, especially because it is less expensive than other restaurants. As far as service goes, the staff has always extremely friendly and helpful, taking the time to help us pick out the perfect wine or share their personal favorite dishes. The ambiance is elegant and romantic.
