Called them on Friday and asked if the wait was long. I live 10min or less for there in Montclair. The women said it was slow and no wait. I said great I'm on my way. I get there and the place is full! I go to the counter and ask how long for 2. The guy next to a woman says an hour to hour and half minimum. I said I just called 9 minutes ago and they said no wait! He said so, what do you want from me? I asked him if the entire place filled and got an hour and half wait in 10 min. He said yup. I said that it was horrible to be told something and wasn't true. I said simply Ridiculous and turned to tell my girlfriend of the wait now. He then called me an "a@#Hole" as I walked away. I'm a layed back guy, but if you insult me do it face to face! I turned to him and asked him what he said, he ignored me like I wasn't right in front of him and talked to another person. I repeated asking what he said. He turned and walked away. I thought want a horrible business person and a manager should be told. I put my name in and he saw me, and had the woman manager walk over and tell me to leave. He yelled from a few feet away to get me out of here and no one insults him with names! WHAT? he calls me an a#@hole after his staff lies to me and I get asked to leave?! I explained to the manager what happen and she said there is nothing she can do since he was the Owner. Owner?? This horrible guy with not even enough integrity to face me and tell me to leave himself or explain his actions was the owner!  WOW, i didn't know places this day and age could not care about customers. But guess he doesn't care about his rep at all. The food is Ok, service is super sloooow and wait is horrible with horrible owner. There are plenty of great places you can walk to from there. Give them a shot, found one just around the corner much better food and great staff. If the owner reads this ever hope he realizes he's not all that. I'm holding back from saying a lot of what I think of him and his restaurant. Out of respect for my girlfriend I didn't make more of a scene but took the higher road and left. Feel bad for the staff to have such a jerk as an owner.
