Amada was a fascinating experience. It has a welcoming space, open kitchen in the corner and a very extensive tapas menu. I went there with a few colleagues from work and we called in our orders ahead of the last call for the kitchen (the kitchen closes at 10 pm for all you late workers). As we sped through downtown Philly, the hostess on the line was patient enough to recommend the specials.  After very little debate and a lot of yelling into the phone - our order came down to about 8 tapas and the paella for a group of (very hungry) four people. We got the piquillos rellenos (crab stuffed peppers), pulpo a la gallega (Spanish octopus), gambas al ajillo (garlic shrimp), patatas bravas (spicy potatoes), two of the alacachofas y setas (artichoke, mushroom flatbread), wagyu beef brochettes, madre e hijo (chicken w/ fried egg), costillas (pork ribs with fennel), and of course the lobster paella. We were seated at one of the long wooden tables on a bed of rocks (manoeuvring onto and off the seats took a little bit of getting used to, but no big deal). The tapas came out within 15 mins of us getting there. There were no losers on this tapas stream, but the winners were certainly the Spanish octopus, the mushroom flatbread and the garlic shrimp. The paella finale was certainly a dish worth waiting for (it came to our table about one hour after we got there). With the right amount of squid ink (we all looked a little Goth with our ink stained lips), rice cooked to perfection and lots of mussels strewn about in the large paelleras. Must say though, we were not too convinced that the tiniest single lobster in the world did justice to name of dish, "lobster paella". I would get it again though (maybe they ran out of lobster that late in the evening?). As the paella was brought out to the table, a seemingly expert server came out and ceremoniously placed the right amount of paella, seafood and garnish onto each of our plates. The service was impeccable - from the hostess who took our order over the phone to the staff taking care of our table.   This was my first time at Chef Garces restaurant. Loved it.
