Would give 10 stars for service if Yelp went that high. We never had to wait or ask for assistance. We had three servers. The experience was just *that* much more luxurious because we all felt pampered. Highly recommended for date night. On to the food...overall this place has strongly flavored or aromatic dishes with fresh or whole foods. Italian, experimental ingredients with what seemed an American New/ French influence. 7 out of 10 for the portions. The portions are smaller, share a few extra plates. Each plate runs about $17-$20, so expect a heftier bill. Bottles of wine start at around $50. More costly than I'd like, but...the service and food combined equal a splurge-worthy dinner. We had the: Housemade riccotta with jam on crackers -- the cheese had a balanced flavor, slightly sweet and excellent texture. Paired with a tangy jam and crackers. Snap peas -- tangy with lemon, probably blanched, retained light crunch and deep color. Mushrooms -- I hate mushrooms so I didn't eat any, but my BF loves em and he went crazy for this. They're cooked with bacon and there's a soft fried egg on top. Butter lettuce salad -- layers of lettuce arranged in a stack, reminded me of a wedge. the cheese in the dressing is strong, tangy/peppery flavor. I love strong cheese (ok ok...ALL cheese), so I went bananas for this. Chicory salad -- kind of like a ceasar. Light flavors, fresh lettuces, aromatic with an anchovy presence. Gnocchi -- soft puffy clouds of heaven. The tomato sauce was spicy like an arrabiata sauce, but thicker. If you love gnocchi and you love fresh tomato sauces, you'll love this. The special -- a filled pasta with chicken and sauce with mushrooms and peas. Can't remember what it was called but it was delish. Heavier flavors but not heavy on the pallette, if that makes sense. Olive oil cake -- subtle but present olive oil flavor. It's dense but not overpoweringly heavy (I'm not a fan of desserts that are so heavy, they come with their own defibrillator paddles --- seven layer cakes I'm looking at YOU). They accompanying cream and raisins took it from "good" to TDF.
