Thought this would be a good place to write my first review.... My fiance and I live in Bay Ridge, and were dying for a place like this to open up.  Although we do hang around the neighborhood sometimes, the nightlife here isn't exactly our scene.  We finally tried this place a few months ago, and have been back a number of times since. Some big pluses: 1) The Backyard-  Definitely the highlight.  Minimally (but very appropriately) decorated, feels like you are in the backyard of any normal Brooklyn home.  On colder days they break out the heaters, and it works perfectly!  They have waitstaff patrolling the back, although if the wait gets too long, it is just as easy to run back into the bar/food counter and order there.  We can sit back there for hours kicking back beers. 2) The Staff - Again, very laid back, relaxed, and friendly bartenders/cooks/waitstaff.  They may not get to you right away, but you are always acknowledged when you enter and leave, which is a HUGE change from some other neighborhood haunts. 3) The Beers - No, the selection is not as big as the Park Slope beer garden, but again, I think it is appropriate for the crowd.  Usually a solid dozen or so beers and wines to select from, and a good variety at that.  For picky, experienced, beer drinkers, there are usually at least a few interesting choices, and limiting it to a dozen or so makes choosing easier.  And for the inexperienced, the choices they do have should always make for a great night. 4) The Food - Okay, if you are going here FOR the food, you might be disappointed.  I wouldn't travel from afar for the food itself.  However, if you view it as a nice little accent (I'm drunk, and there are 10 different kinds of hot dogs), it is a great deal.  Inexpensive, and does the trick.  I think there is room for them to kick up the preparation of the food a bit, but again, I am certainly not complaining.  I still order and enjoy the food. Overall, this is a fantastic place to hang.  Great beers, environment, staff, and a very welcomed hang in Bay Ridge.  If you live in the neighborhood and are used to traveling past 60th street to find a place to hang for the afternoon/evening, give this place a shot.
