Great night!!!! Stopped in prior to an event at the Lebanon Opera House friday night. The bar area was bustling w/ Happy Hour fun, and great live music! Grabbed a table for 4 by the fireplace & had a spectacular experience! Our server was attentive & had a great welcoming smile. We started w/ some bottles of wine off their reasonably-priced list & appetizers. Jesse's menu truly has something for everyone- inventive twists on items, and some unexpected that were great delights. Being Gluten Free I feel it can sometimes be challenging to adapt a menu for the dietary restrictions, however Jesse's takes the guess-work out of it! Noting GF on all their appropriate menu items making choosing a breeze- and the menu seemed to have an exceptional amount of choices for us!! (they also note Vegetarian for those interested) We started with the Chili Rubbed Tuna, which was extraordinary. Great presentation & delicious! Also had oysters &  the Thai BBQ wings which were really outstanding! All our choices were thoroughly enjoyed by the 4 of us! For our entrees we had an array at the table. The Japanese Steak Salad, new to the menu, was absolutely delicious. Fresh, exceptional composition & the steak was cooked to perfection. (Medium Rare isn't often as you ask for it... perfectly done!!!) Another diner had the Bourbon Lime Salmon which was perfect! Others enjoyed the Shepard's Pie, which I believe may have been on the specials menu. A thick hearty beef-stew styled meal topped w/ mashed potatoes... he asked for more bread to practically allow for "licking the bowl clean". A winning choice! Additionally enjoyed was the Eggplant Napolean, also new to the menu. A fresh twist on a traditional italian option, the diner loved every bit of it & was raving all night. The bar mixes some really inventive special drinks- all were enticed by the infused options! Service from start to finish was fantastic & the atmosphere was perfect- lively & fun! A nice large patio will most definitely be enjoyed when the weather warms up... we'll absolutely be back. Great to have this option locally!!!
