I'm going to be honest- I really didn't like this place the first time I ate here.  I got the Turducken burger and found it to be bland and dry.  I'm not sure why, but I came back a few weeks later and had the best hamburger I have ever had in my life.  Since eating the burger, I haven't ordered another entree.  I know that limits the scope of this review somewhat, but I just can't bring myself to order something else when I know I'll be disappointed it's not the Betty Burger. The Betty Burger has a few odd toppings, but don't let that scare you- if you even remotely like hamburgers, you owe it to yourself to eat one of these.  It's a sirloin burger with smoked mozzarella, pickled jalapenos, grilled corn, and something called mojo sauce.  The burger itself (I recommend ordering it medium rare) is amazing.  Great taste and very juicy.  The odd combination of jalapenos and corn is where the real magic happens.  I know corn on a burger sounds odd, but the cool, sweet taste of the corn contrasts the briny spice of the pickled jalapeno so well you'll wonder why it's the first time you've seen them served together.  The mozzarella and the mojo sauce (whatever it is) is good, but nothing to get excited about. Their fries are also quite amazing.  Thinly cut, excellent crisp, and just the right amount of salt.  Get a side for yourself or order a "bucket" for 2 people to share.  Another favorite is the dry rub wings.  They are grilled and have just the right amount of seasoning.  Highly recommended. They also have an excellent list of local beer that changes frequently.  I've never been disappointed by any of the beer I've tried there.  They have great happy hour specials too. Even though I gave it 5 stars, I can't say I've been impressed with their other entrees.  Friends of mine have ordered the lamb burger and the Betty Cristo, neither of which received rave reviews.  I should point out that I have yet to try any of their BBQ, and it's supposed to be good.  Honestly though, just go here for the Betty Burger. It won't disappoint. PS- They have unisex bathrooms, which I was fine with, but others may find it strange.
