Food: Went for brunch. This was my first time at Locanda Verde and the second time for my sister and bro-in-law.  Menu was nice, if pricey, but I wanted conventional breakfast fare.  I asked the waiter  whether he preferred the waffle, the pancakes, or the french toast (all dressed up versions of each).  He cautioned "not the french toast."  OK, pancakes it was.  My plate of ricotta pancakes topped with fresh blueberries and lemon curd looked like something from a magazine,  but each pancake was basically a sealed envelope of raw batter.  "Waiter, they seem a little undercooked"  "Oh no, they are supposed to be like that, they have ricotta." (completely indiscernible to the taste).   An hour later, I'm feeling sick to my stomach.  I can only imagine the gooey mess of raw egg that the french toast must be.  My sister's frittata was "uninspired" and my and my bro-in-law's uovo modena (poached eggs with hollendaise sauce) and pork hash was tasty but "nothing special and pretty hard to screw up."  The tab for the three of us with coffee but no alcohol was $75 before tip.  The fam, who as I mention had eaten there before say two times was enough, this place is not worth returning to, no matter what hype or PR DeNiro has bought for it. Service:  Hostess was a class-A bitch who gave us the once over at 10am and then tried to seat us us next to the silverware station in the back, despite the fact the place was nearly empty (and was still nearly empty when we left an hour later).  (We looked fine, we are all 30somethings in  in finance for chrisakes -- sister lives in Tribeca, I live UWS). Prior to seating us she, in front of us, bawled out the  'assistant hostess' who actually performs the act of seating guests for not following her instructions in seating the prior party (apparently this prior party also balked when they were thrown in the back corner and the assistant hostess seated them elsewhere without first receiving permission from her royal bitchiness.)  Our waiter was nice but I should have known when he steered me away from the french toast that he was in on the hustle and that we would have been better off just about anywhere else.   Conclusion: go elsewhere.
