The Art of Simplicity Done Extremely Well: Meal The name is simple but the talents of Chef Mark Burachinsky is anything but ordinary. Deeply layered and complex, yet incredibly straightforward and honestly sublime, the food at Meal is high quality, intensely flavored and blows away any competition in the area. This place is a gem. Meal is the newest restaurant - and lounge - to open in Nutley. The menu offers classic lunch and dinner entrees and sandwiches that are fashioned out of the highest quality ingredients and married with that perfect blend of seasoning and side dishes that result in food you will adore. Meal may be on Kingsland Road but expect this restaurant to become the go-to spot for every chef in the tri-state area. It's that good. Chef Mark said his approach is to offer the very highest quality ingredients prepared in the most delicious, simple manner in order to wow the palate. "We grind all of our own meat for the burgers in a special blend, and we only use the very best quality meat and seafood - and every item on our menu is just the best quality possible," he said. We tried the meatball slides for an appetizer. Three small sandwiches, with perfectly crunchy yet moist meatballs, topped with a bit of arugula and a refreshing basil infused ricotta were offered in small, fresh rolls. Wow. The meat was so fresh - and combined with the hit of sweet basil and ricotta and the tangy arugula was a stunning and satisfying. For my entree, I ordered the small size of the hanger steak, which I tried with 3 of Chef Mark's home-made sauces: chimichurri, BBQ and pepper lemon. Again, it's the simplicity of this high-quality steak that impressed. It was served with a roasted garlic clove - but I was focused on the tender meat, which was cooked exactly as I had ordered it, no small feat for most restaurants. What I really love about the menu is that you can choose which size meal you want to eat. For lunch, I ordered the "small" sized entree, which is an 8 ounce steak. But there are also options for Medium size, ranging from 8 ounce filet mignon to a 12 ounce veal chop or 16 ounce cowboy steak - and even a Large (for two) menu. The meats are served with a choice of home made sauces, including chimichurri, the Meal BBQ, peppercorn, red wine, blue butter or horseradish cream. There is also a clever "steak temps" menu, which really describes each cooking description by temperature and appearance, so if you want a Medium Rare steak like I ordered, it will have an appearance of a "Light red, warm center". My biggest pet peeve in steak houses is how the steaks are cooked. Meal did it exactly as ordered, which sounds simple but, just like their menu, is anything but easy. My dining companion, the energetic Michael Paolino, enjoyed a great meal of short ribs served over a hand-made mashed potato offering. He loved it. This menu offers plenty of seafood, salad and even vegetarian options as well. The menu has burgers that are made from a special Chef's recipe, ground fresh every day. There is also a great selection of seafood, including some very appealing appetizers like chilled lobster, colossal shrimp, oysters, clams and my favorite, jumbo lump crab meat. For desert, we enjoyed a very unique and fun treat: cheese cake lollipops. Each one was dipped in some kind of fresh chocolate or fruit, and then served in a very impressive looking stand (see photo) along with some great dipping sauces. Up next? Meal is getting a liquor license, and will offer a lounge. But don't expect some DJ spinning the top forty pop tunes. Think of it as a cool, modern version of the lounges back in the day, when the Rat Pack reigned supreme, sizzling fresh steaks were on the table and restaurants were the place to kick back and enjoy the good life. In Nutley, Meal is doing exactly that - and more. Expect this restaurant to become the darling of chefs and diners alike. Do not wait - this is by far the most outstanding non-Italian restaurant in our area. If the New York Times is reading this: you know I never steer you wrong so go for it! MEAL Meet Eat and Lounge 433 Kingsland Ave. Nutley, NJ 983-542-8522 Hours: Open 7 days a week Monday - Friday 11:00 a.m. -10:00 p,m. Saturday: 5:00 p.m. - 11:00 p.m. Sunday: 5:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. Vibe: Gorgeous, warm and softly lit BYOB until September when full bar and lounge opens
