A friend of mine lives literally 2 minutes from Catfish, and since it opened has been wanting to try it out. I freely admit that I'm a little bit of a Manhattan snob, in that I don't like schlepping to the other boroughs very often without a very good reason. Well, Catfish is officially a very good reason for me! I'm originally from the South, and one of my best friends moved to New Orleans to do her doctorate at Tulane in 2007. I've visited every year for the last 5 years, staying a minimum of 4 days each time. I truly love the city, it's about the only one I care for south of the Mason-Dixon line. We went for brunch this past Sunday, 2/10/13, and I was incredibly impressed. In fact, this is my first Yelp review. I read them all the time but have never written one until now, and it was my experience at Catfish that prompted me to take the plunge and pop my review cherry! Which reminds me, I read about 30 reviews for Catfish BEFORE going, and after dining there myself I am ever MORE sure than I originally was that 85% of the negative reviews are from ridiculous, petty, pompous asses. Giving a restaurant 1 star because it wasn't your version of perfection is rather obnoxious. THE FOOD: Being a vegetarian, restaurants that specialize in Southern-style food can be pretty limiting for me. Luckily brunch food is more accommodating than dinner food, but I noticed that even their regular menu has a vegan ratatouille, which I did not try but heard from another table was delicious. I had an incredibly delicious omelet that I think was called the Trinity? Whichever one didn't have any meat and had celery as an ingredient. I usually think of omelets as pretty standard, it's hard to screw up eggs, you know? But hot damn was this one amazing-I didn't realize there could be such a quality difference in omelets! It also had vermont white cheddar cheese in it, which made it even more magical. The same vermont white cheddar is in the GRITS, which are hands down my favorite and most missed Southern dish. Wow were they good, I hadn't had real grits in 2 years-they gave me flashbacks! My friend was torn between ordering the sausage biscuits and gravy or the french toast, and I (perhaps selfishly) convinced her to do the french toast so that I could have a bit--something I do not have an ounce of regret for! I had never had or seen french toast quite like it, it was like individual little cinnamon rolls but instead of tasting like cinnabuns they tasted like top notch french toast. She tried my grits and agreed they were amazing, about an hour and half later back at her apartment she very seriously considered placing a pick-up order of nothing but 3 orders of grits before talking herself out of it by imagining how long she'd have to spend on an elliptical to balance them out. She said she's going to go back with a carnivorous friend this weekend to try the meat dishes-I'll implore her to write a review. THE DRINKS: Their signature brunch drink was the Voodoo Bloody Mary, which my friend ordered and really enjoyed. It is served with either crab or shrimp meat on top, maybe both, so was not an option for me. However, I confess that after she ate all of the seafood out of it, I did ask to taste it. I am not generally a big bloody mary fan, I've only ever had two in my life that I liked, but one was in NoLa and the other was in Antigua, so I thought if any establishment had a chance at being lucky #3 it would be a place with a bartender who knows how to make em good and spicy. Sure enough, lucky #3 it was! I only had a sip, though, because of my conscience surrounding its fish juice component. I was the boring one and just ordered a mimosa to be safe. It was nothing to write home about, but as good as a solid mimosa gets. I mean, it's just orange juice and champagne-hard to jazz it up without using a different juice or flavor. THE SERVICE: As some other reviewers noted, there was only one waitress on duty. However, brunch was shockingly not at all busy (this place would be packed with a line around the corner on a Sunday afternoon in Chelsea), we were one of only 4 tables, so the one waitress was fine. She was also friendly, attentive, and hell I'll just say it, easy on the eyes as well. Being pretty never hurts, does it? THE ATMOSPHERE: I've spent a lot of time in New Orleans, and more time than I'd like to admit in their dive bars, and I can say that the furniture, decoration, and lighting are all on point. The only thing that was off was the music. I'm not saying that just because it's a New Orleans bar it has to exclusively play blues and jazz nonstop or anything, but Z-100 is not going to cut it, either. You can't play crap pop music in a place like this! I hope this review helps to counteract some of the nonsense ones on here. Just go try the place, and don't go looking for things to complain about. I know I'll be schlepping to Brooklyn again real soon for those grits!
