It's over! I have given it one last chance and now I know that I will NEVER go back to this place. Drawn by the proximity of the restaurant, its promise of fresh organic produce, and its neighborhood appeal, I periodically lift my self-imposed boycott and go back in to see if perhaps they've changed for the better. After all, I think, if Harvey Kaitel enjoys it, perhaps so can I? My first boycott, 2 years ago, was because they shoved me, 9 months pregnant, into a tight little corner at 9 AM on a Sunday when I was probably the only person there and met my request for a more comfortable seat with such indignation as if I had asked for a kidney donation. As if that was not enough, there was a nice thick hair in my breakfast--the waitress flippantly said oops, sorry, when I pointed it out to her. I returned, reluctantly, after a year. Three times I asked the same waitress for a cup of cold-brewed iced coffee, prominently displayed on their specials menu. She brought me first a cup of regular hot coffee, then a cup of special pour-over hot coffee, then a cup of regular iced coffee, all three tasting like water squeezed out of a washrag. When the bill arrived, I was delighted to discover that they had charged me for all three cups! The arugula in my salad was wild alright, because it contained a dead ladybug. When I pointed this out to the waitress, she said oh sorry, whisked it away and brought me back another, identical salad. Because of course at this point I was really inclined to trust the salad-washing skills of their staff. Another year went by. Today, starving and in a rush, went in for breakfast. After ten minutes of waiting, a disgruntled waitress asked, what do you want. I ordered, asked if I could have a side of hollandaise. She said, I quote--no, we only have it on weekends. Not, sorry, no. Not no, sorry. Not can I get you something else instead? Then, came my Bubby's breakfast special: 2 tiny pieces of undercooked bacon, a pile of the world's most inappetizing looking burned home fries, three poached eggs, and a stack of multigrain toast with a nice floret of mold in the middle. Yes, the bread was toasted to a nice, crisp burn, but the mold was still white and prominent. It took me another ten minutes to signal someone, all the while fending off bussboys who kept asking me whether I was finished with my clearly untouched plate and whether they could clear it for me. The waitress came. She saw. She said oh, let me get you a fresh toast. The check for this pleasure plus a cup of coffee--22 dollars before tax.  Now, if you are really into taking eating advice from NYC guidebooks or keen on seeing an occasional celebrity tucked into a far corner, and don't mind eating very bad food, by all means. I know that I am NEVER going back there.
