A mistake by GrubHub had me order a fictitious meal from here. A veggie burger. I'm always on the lookout for new veggie burgers. I thought it was cool to see another place which sells meat also offer an alternative for vegetarians. When I got there, the person had his back turned to me, facing the register. He was talking to the cooks who stood over the sloppiest cooking area I've ever seen. Dark brown slop covering almost all the metal. They chatted for a minute or two. FIRST RED FLAG. Why doesn't he keep an eye on customers? I saw a waitress there, she glanced at me but also didn't say anything to me. When the guy decided to turn around I said I was picking up an order - a veggie burger. He freezes, leans curiously on the counter, and says: "Let me get this straight. You came to Nicks... ROAST BEEF... and ordered a veggie burger?" He begins to smirk. I didn't know how to respond. "Why would you think we sold veggie burgers at Nicks... Roast Beef?" He turns to the cooks who are looking oddly at me too, and beginning to laugh at me. I was perplexed. I said it was on GrubHub where I ordered from. The man continues. "We sell roast beef, we don't have veggie or any burgers." Now I know GubHub messed up, maybe they gave me a wrong address. I try and joke around with them, I see they have a bar so after he says "We only sell roast beef" I respond "And alcohol." Only one patron, an older gentleman says I may have the place confused with the pizza joint down the street. I don't remember another Nicks, but I head out anyway. And that concluded my one and only interaction with Nicks. They laughed at and made fun of me, a new customer. I wasn't dressed poorly, I wasn't impolite. I live in the area and wanted to support a local place. Well not anymore. I'm going to make sure everyone I know hears the story and I will recommend to them all to stay away from this place. They don't care about their customers. They don't even care about potential new customers, even ones in the area. I expected more from a place like this in South Philly. GrubHub caused the problem in the first place. But the way Nick's handled the situation is inexcusable! Did they treat me as they did because I was ordering something vegetarian so they thought I had never and would never eat there in the first place? I don't know. Still, I can't stress enough that they were rude. And the place didn't smell nice, I don't want to eat next to drunks, the kitchen area looked disgusting, the waitress paid no attention to me, it's small and dark.... never going back.
