Let's clear a few things up about this place: It's small, it gets very crowded most nights between 7-10:30, and tables are close. Tables do not get sat incomplete. Just standard operating procedure. Be prepared. You'll get "rushed" to order as some complain, for the missing people  if they let you sit incomplete, which seems a reaonable trade-off. It's small, and a volume driven, in order to seat people with no rezzies Pasta- Under Primi section (primi as in first people- NOT ENTREES) This isn't Tony Di Napoli's or Carmines. most if I recall are priced on average of 17 bucks, with the more labor intensive fresh pasta being around 22.  My fave that I can eat over and over is the Spaghetti Pomodoro, this is perfection on a plate.  16 bucks! Can't tell you how many times I've brought friends in for late lunch, when it's surreal and quiet, and had one carafina ( glass and half mind you) , some nice foccacia, one pasta and split a dessert, and my share was about 32-34 bucks with tip.. I don't love everything on the menu, and yes certain items that are inherently salty, i.e. sardines olives, items with cured pork or sharp aged cheeses,  on occasion, will receive  that little extra dab of seasoning that pushes a dish to the brink. But  I saw too many complaints about dishes that are just that, inherently salty, and let's face it, most restaurant food is typically seasoned much more than most cooking at home. When it's bad, it's bad, but try and keep some perspective. Every vegi antipasti is 6 dollars. I like the simple beets personally, just a dallop of a pistachio butter, and the brussel sprouts and apples are tasty as well. Oh, did  (YOU at home endlessly blogging)  forget Broccoli Rabe is F'ing bitter by nature ?? hey it's not something I've gone out of my way to order either, but let's keep that in mind, shall we? I might say the pesce area of the menu leaves something to be desired, Love Calamari, the sardines ( which we didn't have on this visit) have always been stellar too. Though I'm not so crazy on underseasoned Baccala...and glad to see Octopus was gone...  Def a hit or miss area of the menu, depending on what you like. The rest of OUR meal condensed: Entrees: Someone at the table had the striped bass, looked great, nice filet w crispy skin, my GF had the chicken, yes it's very peppery, but a half organic CHX ( she asked our waiter about that ) and so awesome with juices poured over, so good! I loved the treat of liver pate served with it. It was Tues, and that means as I'll always now remember, Crispy Duck! Half a frickin duck, described as confit, and then gently fried to get crispy skin, the roasted pears went well, this is a delicate balance, I could see how one second too long getting crispy can dry it out, but 99% of the meat was perfectly most still. As a side I noticed Lamb Chops are on the menu now too.. Alas only on Wed... Well, desserts are simple, but the gelato is amazing, apparently there's some Gelato guru coming up with the flavors, again, simple but unequaled richness and smooth texture... wow! My buddy had an Amaro that he said was awesome to see on a menu, not too savvy myself, but I had a perfect Espresso. It was hot, it was slightly tangy and bitter, just right... What a great meal, and for 3 of us, w a few      antipasti, two pastas, 3 entrees and one dessert- w btl of red that was 47 bucks, with tip was 224 bucks. It looked and certainly felt ( full, happy, satisfied) more than worth it.
