If LaVa After Dark were a horse, I would shoot it to put it out of its misery. As one of many people who visit LaVa Cafe on a frequent basis, I can't say enough about how toxic this failed endeavor has been for our beloved cafe. I have been going to LaVa pretty regularly for the last two years. It is a cozy, comfortable cafe. You can get a cup of coffee, and if you're there at lunch or dinner, even get a good meal. The staff is great and it feels like one big family. And, as a cafe, it's 5 stars. Heck, I'd give it 6 if I could. But, if you're there at 5:15 on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday - you become the enemy. Yes, it's true. LaVa After Dark is ruining LaVa Cafe. 5:15 is about the time when an angry woman makes the announcement that all the "studiers" need to vacate. There's nothing worse than being ordered to pack up your stuff and head back to your apartment where your roommate is blasting "Dark Side of the Moon" on full blast in his room on a Thursday after getting off his job making sandwiches at WaWa. Well, I suppose there is. You could be lumped into a demographic based on your possession of a laptop at a coffee shop and then persecuted for it by a shrill unloved shrew - just when you're about to buy another latte! No $3.50 for you, LaVa! After getting a drink with friends at Ten Stone, I walked by LaVa After Dark on my way home just to give it a disdainful stare. And, suddenly, I was overcome by sadness. No, I wasn't pushed out of my go-to cafe for the one-percenters to have their precious candle-lit meal. No, this BYO wasn't filled with rambunctious college kids eager to have a place where they could bring their PBR tall cans and chat. I was pushed out of LaVa Cafe so LaVa After Dark could then proceed to...sit empty. Yes, not a soul to be found! So empty for so long that the staff had congregated and chatted idly, most likely about how big someone's miscalculation had been. And that miscalculation was big. Really big. I mean, when the $3.50 I would have spent on my latte would have made the needle move for the place, you know it's bad. I'm not sure who did such a poor job in the conception of LAD. Poor marketing. Poor menu. Poor communication with its hordes of loyal patrons. But, suddenly I understood that woman's frustration. LAD is failing. You see, that wasn't the only night I've seen this place empty. I walk by it every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night on my way to Good Karma Cafe, which has become my new go-to spot, and the place is always empty. Really empty. Hear a pin drop empty. So, LAD, I weep for you. When you decide to open your doors again as LaVa Cafe and welcome us "studiers" back with open arms, I'll forgive you. Really. We all make mistakes, and LAD is a doozie. Until then, I'll just have to find some place that doesn't push me out into the cold at 5:15 on a Thursday night. The blustery, merciless cold - into the arms of another coffee shop. We had something, LaVa, we really did. Then, suddenly, I wasn't good enough for you anymore. Enjoy your empty candle lit room as a tear falls into your cold cappuccino. If you look up hoping to see me, I won't be there.
