I went here with my familyon, August 30, 2014.  At first appearance, the place looked very nice.  Being a long time Brooklyn-ite, I always appreciate seeing variety added to the neighborhood.  Imagine my disappointment with, 'Song'. We walked in and the hostess (the waitress that brings us to our table) had an immediate attitude.  It started when I asked if there was a key for the bathroom. The lady mumbled something and then turned to the bartender and another worker.  When I asked again, she impatiently stated that there's no key; I guess her way of letting me know that someone was in there.  She then abruptly turned away and faced the bartender again.  We Waited about close to a minute when I informed them that we were here to eat and if any available tables. (I mean, because why else would a group of four be standing there waiting in the establishment?) The hostess, still appearing annoyed finally bought us to a table.  The only reason I did not turn and walk out at that point is because I was there with my family, who were talking amongst themselves and did not catch this woman's attitude. Around the middle of our dinner, I go to the bar and request a beer. The same lady turned as if she didn't want to be bothered. I then bypass her and order from the bartender, in which even he seemed a little tense.  I'm looking at both of them and thinking, 'Have we met?'.  I take my beer and go back to where I was seated.  Initially, I thought that maybe they were prejudiced, to which I thought they have some nerve; being that they're from Thailand.. also of color and I'm here first. However, as I read other reviews, it appears that they just lack the ability to provide good customer service for their restaurant.  Sort of like... We have the money and means to throw together a restaurant, so let's do it and that's it.  Screw service. Kind of like the Mafia. lol To conclude, only my family made it enjoyable, so this place gets one star for providing a place for us to sit. That's it.  The food.. Meh.. I've had better in other Thai spots.  One goes to a restaurant it's about the service.
