Cuban Pete's is your typical food restaurant owned by people who have copied recipes from someone originating from a country and have no life experience cooking the food. Below is my experience from this popular restaurant. The Yellow Rice con Gandules was bland with no flavor. I tasted no Sofrito in the food I ordered. Cuban Yellow Rice has Sofrito, which is a seasoning many Spanish Caribbean cultures use as flavoring. Sofrito is the equivalent to Curry in West Indies cooking. Cuban food is tasty and rich in seasoning. If you never ate authentic Cuban food, you will be impressed by the fried pork chops or the garlic Yuka and anything that has garlic added to their dishes. Garlic makes anything taste good! Garlic makes Liver taste good ;) We sat at a table out on the courtyard. There was so much caked-on-grease on this table, I was able to carve out the words you see on the picture I uploaded related to this review. I was also able to carve out patterns on the table surface next to ours. The surface of the table was sticky with layers of grease. I had a traditional Cuban Flan for dessert. Flan is a creamy, sweet, custard, made from egg and evaporated milk covered in caramel syrup. The custard was good, but the whipped cream had a sour, chemical, after-taste. I sliced it off so I could enjoy the creamy taste of the Flan. The waiter and restaurant employees were pleasant; I have no complaints towards them. Maximizing profits for the owners is the primary and only concern. The yard was cluttered with tables and chairs. It's obvious comfort was not in the owners concern when designing the seating arrangement for their patrons. Omitting authentic Cuban seasoning with no regards to their culture and namesake is evidently clear in their dishes. "Cuban" and the word "Pete's" are just two words for the name of a restaurant located in Montclair, NJ. Don't expect any authentic Cuban food from this restaurant; but do expect a tasty experience. Would I visit Cuban Pete's again? NO! The prices are high considering the food isn't authentic.
