We were looking for a new place to dine in my neighborhood and discovered Porteno as a result of a web search.  We visited  Buenos Aires several years ago so the advertised Argentinian cuisine was the draw.  Went there on 11/15/12 but the place was full so yes, do make reservations. It's a small place and does fill up fast.  Went back the next night with reservations for 4 and found it to be a friendly, reasonably priced restaurant serving delicious well-prepared food. The wait staff was pleasant and Jorge, one of the owners, was a friendly gracious host.  There were some rather loud diners near us for the first half of our meal, but luckily there was no loud music blaring in the restaurant and I commend Jorge for not subjecting us to that torture. We had a sampling of starter plates: Polenta Porteno (polenta with blood sausage meat): interesting dish but may be an acquired taste for some, two types of empanadas (beef; spinach w/manchego): tasty morsels inside a delicate puff-pastry, and the octopus salad special, which was SUPERB! I try to have octopus whenever I see it on the menu but all too frequently it is either chewy, slimy, fishy or all of the above.  This was tender and grilled to perfection and not fishy tasting at all - even those at our table who are usually not fond of octopus found it delightful. For entrees diners at our table had the ribeye (bife de costilla), grilled tender steak served with a kale and bean salad (one of the two diners found the kale too crispy-raw, the other enjoyed it).  Another diner had Milanese, breaded and fried and also tender and tasty, and I had the rolled flank steak (metambrito), a braciole-like dish that melted in your mouth and was my favorite (yes, I did taste all the other entrees). Wine was a bottle of Argentinian Chardonnay which was ok and a bottle of malbec which was a smooth pleasant wine.  Both were in the $30 range. We tried two desserts: avocado custard (flan de palta), light and delicate, and bread pudding with dulce de leche gelato (budin de pan), which I found not to be the perfect choice after a steak dinner as it is a bit on the heavy side. Overall a delightful dining experience.
