I have a total bias when it comes to this place, because I have the time of my life every time walk through the doors of Tuptim.   The atmosphere is weird.  It's pink and gilded.  There are figurines and statuettes everywhere, and I'm sure some of them have no significance to Thailand... Or Asia for that matter.  That's fine, though.  I don't go to Tuptim to feel like I'm crossing continents, even if that's what they're going for.  And the plucking, plucking, plucking of Asian strings I've heard throughout my meals there implore me to think this is the case. Why do I love Tuptim, though?  The food is out-of-this-facking-world.  This is where I was introduced to Thai cuisine, and it's where I'll always come back too.  Since my first visit here, I have been to more noteworthy establishments in other parts of New Jersey and New York (most notably Khao Sarn in Williamsburg).  Tuptim conquers all.   Their curries are made with love.  There is a certain care that Tuptim's chefs take in making sure you are not simply drinking spiced up coconut milk.  The flavors in their Red and Green curries float and dance on background of coconut milk (A DEEP FADED BACKGROUND OF COCONUT MILK).  My feeling, when it comes to Thai curries, is that there are elements of the coconut milk that should be present, but overall it is only a conduit for the curry itself.  Why should my RED curry ever look ORANGE?  Why should my green curry taste like milk and cereal? Another HUGE win for Tuptim is their tofu execution.  Have you prepared and cooked tofu?  I have.  It's f'ing impossible.  The prep is tedious, long and nothing, short of filleting fish, is more difficult.  And cooking tofu can only be compared to dealing with fast-cooking fish.  There is a small window.  If you miss it, that's it.  You're eating crap tofu.  So when I get good-ass soft tofu at a restaurant, I appreciate the hell out of that sh't.  Pardon my French, but this is something I care deeply about.  Other Thai restaurants (I'm looking at you Khao Sarn) will slip you fried tofu unless you ask.  What a cop out!  The fried stuff doesn't even make sense in a curry!  It absorbs nothing and lacks the texture and consistency expected from a fine entree.  I'm not at Kentucky Fried Tofu, man!  I'm at a restaurant! Anyway, they plop that fine-ass soft stuff in the red curry I so adore, add bamboo shoots, snap peas, etc. etc. and I'm in heaven.  Which reminds me, a good curry should look like a stew when its finished, not a giant soup.  This is a problem I run into everywhere but TT.   So yeah, the food is great.  But that's not why I love Tuptim.  This place has the right feel.  It's a great place to go with your closest friends and/or family, get hammered on Riesling and overstay your welcome.  Nobody is going to mind anyway.  This place really feels like somewhere.  Somewhere great.  Not Thailand though.  Not Asia either.  Certainly not your parents house (unless it is pink and gilded).   *For people trying to impress (business, dates, whatever):  I've been to Tuptim dozens of times.  Service ranges from HORRIBLE, WORST EVER to NOT AWFUL.
