Worst experience of 2011. Globally. Effete host looks up at you like you're a social services project interrupting his reading a Regency novel, but lots of people have posted similar comments and in years Freeman's has never done anything about it. In general, all the people who work here seem to imagine themselves displaced gentry and the rest of us an imposition to their entitlement. We were sat amongst many tables in various states of completing their meals. By the time ALL those tables had been sat with new customers- and by the time ALL those customers were entirely done with their entrees- our entrees, simple pancakes, had still not arrived. The manager in title only explained how everything was everyone else's fault and he had no control over anything, accompanied with a 'DUH' facial expression and eye-rolling. Then a 'we're sorry' of questionable intonation. The last straw was several pancakes orders coming in close vicinity but then passing by our table- we asked to cancel the order in frustration. The manager was annoyed at  us and our desperation (its called 'cause-and-effect') and explained it was the chef's fault even though he was in charge. F minus for the man-children who really are too stuck up to be in this line of work. There really ought to be some kind of foundation for should-have-been aristocrats who really cant stand to have to work for the people they feel should instead be working for them. Don't take my word for it- here are more reviews copied from the net: Called ahead to see if I could make a reservation... Was told only for parties over 6 but just show up and there should be no problem getting a table when they open. So, I show up at 6 with a group of friends and they are closed for a private party. I go inside and politley ask the host why they wouldn't have mentioned that the other night on the phone and I was told, "sorry sir, we'll cancel the party so we can seat your party of 4!" and he walked away. I realize that trendy new restaurants in the city can treat their customers like garbage. I've read the negative service reviews of this place before but didn't believe it. I hear the food was good and I'm used to mediocre/slightly rude service at certain restaurants, but I was blown away at this. I wasn't looking for anything free, maybe just a small apology and a suggestion to come some other night. Instead, I'm treated with a smart remark and left to stand there flabbergasted. My friends went there for brunch. Carlos, the host, told us that it was at least an hour wait for 2 & walked away before we can put our names down. He rolled his eyes when we gave him a name. The list means nothing. You'll get a table if he finds you somewhat tolerable & not disgusted by the sight of you. Don't bother going unless you like to be given dirty looks by the staff & treated like you don't exist. I've been eating at Freemans for over a year now. Given it praises to most of my friends, who became regualrs themselves; until tonight. My friend and I walked into the restaurant around 8pm. The Hostess, who I never saw before, immediately tells us that the list is closed for the night and gestures that we can use the table in the corner which had no seats. A couple comes in less that 3 minutes after us, requesting a table for two. I overheard the same hostess tell them that she'll work something out and takes their names down for a table. After pointing out what I observed to the women her only RUDE response was "you could check back in 30 minutes." I'm going to put this in here. My friend and I are African American, the couple that requested the table after us, were white. Unfortunately I've been in this situation before, where my business wasn't accepted because of my race. but I've never experienced it so blatantly in one of my favorite neighborhoods. Freemans has lost of its best customers and her friends because of this. I used to be at Freemans frequently, and enjoyed the good food... However, I was there on Sunday again and it was a very bad experience. I was greeted by a snooty as hell guy at the door; he acted like he was doing me a favor by taking my name. Since we had to wait for a while I had enough time to take a look at the crowd, most of them where very pretentious and boosted an ego like they where all on coke. The hostess was talking to another patron so I waited until their conversation was done. When they were done, the hostess did not acknowledge me at all even though I was making eye contact with her. She pretended like I was not there. When I finally told her I'd like a table for 4. Her facial expression was like steel, it didn't move. With her thin lips she coldly said, "it'll be an hour" scribbled SOMETHING down, did NOT ASK for my name and that was it.  Clearly we weren't going to get a table, how the hell would we know when it was our turn? We left. What an unpleasant hostess, I couldn't even imagine what the servers are like
