I love Pies 'N' Thighs. My experience at this restaurant was an amazing one and I would love to dine there in the near future. Living in Manhattan, you become way too accustomed to the dishes from the city restaurants. Who would want to commute all the way to another borough just for a restaurant? However, I felt like giving this Brooklyn restaurant a shot! And it was well worth it. On a Saturday night, my brother, his girlfriend, and I had to wait outside the restaurant for around half an hour. While we were hungry, we were looking forward to what this restaurant had to offer. After the hostess called us, she brought us to another room, towards the back of the restaurant. It was a pleasant surprise and I wouldn't have expected this restaurant to have another dining area at the back. The area was nice, dimmed, and appropriate for dates. I ordered three dishes: the Chicken Biscuit, the Fried Chicken Box, and Choco Peanut Butter Crunch (in that order). All of them were substantial, tasty, and contributed to the amazing night at Pies 'N' Thighs. The Chicken Biscuit is a perfect for many occasions. It is a great appetizer for a big dinner, or a great sandwich to have for a light lunch. This biscuit sandwich may be small, but the taste of the honey smothered biscuit and the somewhat spicy chicken altogether in your mouth is heaven. This meal may not fill you up if you are hungry and your last meal was at 12pm, but it is a terrific sandwich. Worth the $7. The Fried Chicken Box was out of this world. The chicken was deep fried perfectly, and the skin and meat is tasty. What more can I say, the fried chicken was excellent. This meal comes with a biscuit and a side of your choice. The biscuit was great, as always, and got me to appreciate the biscuit a little more. I chose the Mac 'n' Cheese as a side and it was an okay side, nothing to write home about. If the Mac 'n' Cheese was like Mac Bar, this side would have brought the entire dish to another level. The greatness came purely from the fried chicken, though! Now, onto the desserts. The Choco Peanut Butter Crunch was nice. It was like eating a Reese's peanut butter cup as a pie! A hint of chocolate with the peanut butter filling as the main star. In my opinion, this pie was a bit too peanut-buttery for my taste. I would have loved the pie more if there was a bit more chocolate. The sweet taste of chocolate would have complimented the strong taste of peanut butter. Perhaps a douse of freshly whipped cream would have evened out the taste of peanut butter and lifted this dessert up. People that are addicts to Reese's pieces, this pie is meant for you! Overall, a good pie that would be exceptional with slight modifications. Thanks to my brother's girlfriend, I had a bite of the Banana Cream pie. That one bite was glorious. It also had whipped cream on it, which could be why I loved that one bite. =) The service was very good. My brother requested for sausage gravy to go with his mashed potatoes and the waiter was kind in providing it for us, making it complimentary! Bottom line, Pies 'N' Thighs is a gem. If it weren't for the 40 minute commute from home, I would order their reasonably priced Chicken Biscuit almost every day. One of the best restaurants in New York.
