The chef himself called me back to set up our reservation.  I mentioned it was our wedding anniversary. We had never been to Carpenter and Main and we walked in to a lively bar area, full to brimming on a Saturday night at 7.  The hostess brought us to an adorable alcove, just big enough to squeeze two lovebirds and a table. It was private, cozy and very romantic.  Our waiter arrived promptly with two glasses of champagne on the house wishing us a happy anniversary. Our waiter was very knowledgeable.  He discussed the menu and specials with us, and knew so much about the wine list.  He brought a little asparagus and hazelnut amuse bouche.  Just right. My husband started with a quinoa beet salad which was fresh and sweet and the perfect foil to my rich, garlicky, creamy escargot.  The escargot is served in a flaky croissant and is so over the top in terms of richness!  I absolutely loved it. My husband had the rabbit cooked 3 ways for dinner.  It was pretty and lighter than he expected rabbit to be.  It was a bit dry, but maybe that's how rabbit should be?  The sauce was delicious. I had a pan-seared rib eye.  It came with a nice big blob of local bleu cheese butter.  It was cooked to absolute perfection.  It was accompanied by sautéed broccoli and a little cake of crispy matchstick Yukon gold potatoes with a filling of sweet potatoes. The entire dish was perfection! Our waiter recommended an Oregon Pinot Noir which could not have been more perfect for our dinner choices. We finished it all up with a trio of homemade sorbets for him. The honey mint sorbet was out of this world but they were all fresh and delicious.  I had the 3 cheese plate.  I had my choice from five local cheeses.  They were fantastic, the thinly sliced apples were crisp and perfect, and the three different bread choices were crispy and still warm. We had a wonderful dinner at Carpenter and Main.  We felt pampered and fussed over in a way that was not intrusive.  Pricey but an elegant choice for a special occasion.
