Just got back from Nizi Sushi where we had New Years Day dinner and it was great. When we arrived we were seated immediately, by the time we left - the place was packed...as the other reviews state it's small but cozy. We went to this particular place because of Yelp and the other reviews, I liked the idea of the free soups and mussels and that did indeed add to the meal. About a minute after ordering we received the rice/crab porridge, it was delicious. When we finished, the miso soup came right away and was also delicious. We ordered the 20 piece sashimi boat and edimame as the starter, I loved it all. The waiters were attentive, friendly and spot on. They waited until they knew we were through, and asked before taking anything away to make sure we wanted them to. For the main dish we ordered Kop-Dol, my wife the vegetable and myself the pork. As expected, after all the yummy starter food, this was too much food and we wound up taking half of the Kop-Dol home, however, I did have to say out loud to my wife that this has to be the last bight or I will be too full (at least 3 times) before finally finishing. I found the sushi to be great and the Kop-Dol is a perfect follow up to make the meal full and hearty. The Sushi/Korean Kop-Dol combo is great. I definitely recommend going for dinner. We usually order take out Sushi from another establishment in Rutherford (also good) but Nizi is far better. We did bring a bottle of wine with us, which they took as we were seated, and, had opened and sent to our table with glasses and our menu's before we ordered. As we left I started making plans to go back with friends. I'm glad we decided to stay in Jersey rather than go into the city for dinner. Thumbs up. So happy to have found a quaint little jem of a place so close to home. I'm rating 5 stars because I thoroughly enjoyed the experience, the food, and the feeling of wanting to go back again and again. Side note: the wife is currently on the couch ready to fall asleep, but, I think the New Years Eve celebration last night has more to do with that than anything. All the best to Nizi Zushi in 2011.
