Run far far away. I booked a event at this venue about 4 months prior to the event. We gave them seating plans, table arrangements, menu details, the works. Our agreement was $18 per person for a guarantee of 110 people (The max is 130 for this venue) We get the day of the event at 5PM (We actually arrived about 20 minutes later then originally scheduled) We walk in and there is water on the floor, the facilities are not ready for us to use, the tables are not set in the formation requested and to my amazement they had dirty drinking glasses from the previous party all over the tables. I assumed this will be cleaned up fairly quickly. Then I notice some of my guests arrived and are sitting in a corner, I walk over and say hello, and again to my amazement they have fruit flies all over the corner wall and bar area. Again, I let it go...continue on and tell the waiter politely to please hurry. Finally the tables are set and my guests start to arrive, about 45 minutes into the event the first appetizer arrives (Papdi Chaat), the second (Pani Puri) arrives 30 minutes later, the (Vegetable Pakora) arrives 20 minutes after the second appetizer. So far we are over an hour into the event the the fourth and final appetizer still has not arrived (Paneer Tikka). They finally bring it out and my guests get some, its not cooked through. Not to mention, about 15 people from my party dont have a place to sit. We ask for more chairs, they bring 1 out and cannot bring anymore as they do not have them. We go on with our event, cut the cake and start dancing. Dinner time is approaching and everything starts to trickle out of the kitchen except for the naan. You have no idea how embarrassing it is when you have 30 people standing in line, waiting for naan. Finally about 10 of my guest leave after saying there good byes and not eating. Naan finally arrives, we move on. Desert is being served, we ordered 2 deserts, they only bring out one. We complain and they deny ever taking the order for the second desert even when I provide a copy of the contract with the owners signature. Finally around 9PM, the manager for the evening calls me out settle the bill, this is when I go over the issues and problems. He denies there being any problems and hands me the bill, this is where I go ape sh*t. He charged for an additional 19 people that did not each dinner or sit in the event...this is because they did not have any seats! The manager pushes for us to pay and my father in law is so fed up with this crap that we settle, cut our losses and move on. My overall suggestion is go to Palace of Jaipur or similar...I hear they treat you better, or spend the money and go to a larger banquet facility that treats you with respect. At the end of the night, the frustration, aggravation and embarrassment was not worth the few hundred we saved. If you need to get more details, please feel free to contact me. Also, they charge for Dinner $25+ per person, they will easily talk down to $18 per person. Lunch they will bring it down to $14 per person. Just a FYI in case you didn't understand my review and need guidance on how low they will go. I learned a valuable lesson, don't do business with these people...simply terrible. O...did I mention the roach situation? My fiancés cousin found a dead roach in her yogurt sauce for her Papdi Chaat, when she showed it to me and my Fiancé and then the waiter, the waiter quickly grabbed the plate and handed her another one.
