So fair warning to all if u decide u want to try somewhere new to eat at DON'T go to sweetfire bbq. I had a terrible experience! Fist the menu is sooo confusing a SMALL menu should't be that conusing but this one was poorly done. Next we get our sodas and it has no taste and it wasn't just mine. So i'm sure the waitress overheard our reaction because she came over to check if anything was wrong. We told her the drinks were terrible and she offered to get us pepsi or diet pepsi she had in the bottle. We declined but got alchol instead. The pool table is soo close to the tables that when some people started a game it was so loud when the balls were rolling that it gave us a freaking jump scare. She came back with the drinks and mind u I ordered a grateful dead and it was a bit too sweet i was looking at the ice and noticed mold/dirt on it pulled it out to examine it. To say the least i didn't take more than the first drink. By this point I was grossed out and not sure if we should bother to eat the food WHEN we get it. Now I say when we get it because it took a long time before we got it. Now I ordered a burger with fries and to have replaced because normally it comes with nacho chips and I mean nacho chips which is kind of weird to serve with a burger but I asked if I could have fries instead and they said that would be fine I also asked for the hamburger to be done well. She came out a little while afterwards to tell me they didn't have any fries and that she didn't know about it and asked me what else I would want. I told her mashed potatoes would be fine. When the food came out the burger was not fully cooked and we also got nacho chips with the mash potatoes which I asked to replace it not have it as well which yes we did get charged for later. Granted I will give them that the burger size is very good it's a very big burger but if you're going to serve a burger that big then it needs to cook longer than apparently they were cooking it for, even though we did wait quite awhile for the food anyways. Overall the experience is terrible and I would not recommend going to sweetfire barbeque ever. I would give it 0 out of 5 stars.
