The food is still good, but the authenticity a nostalgic vestige. When Le Virtù opened, I was ecstatic.  It was not just that they were serving Italian food of extraordinarily high quality - well chosen ingredients from local and Italian sources, expertly crafted, and richly flavorful - but it was that they had captured that oh so elusive experience of 'authenticity'.   This food was the closest I had ever experienced to the great great trattorie, osterie, and agriturismi where I have so widely eaten in Umbria, Le Marche, Lazio and Abruzzo.  Le Virtù had masterfully recreated the smell, texture and taste of rustic central Apennine fare: toothy pastas with gamy meat ragus and aglio e olio taken to an artform; richly fatted porchetta,  rabbit, lamb; batter fried herbs, contorni of the season.  I swooned as I ate; I was in a gastronomic stupor surrounded by nostalgic apparitions of Central Italian farmers' tables. And why not? Their authenticity came honest, from their talented  Marchigiana chef, Luciana Spurio cooking with that innate knowledge that no Batali-like whirlwind tour of Italian kitchens could ever provide.   When Chef Spurio left, I mourned, and I stayed away from Le Virtù for more than two years.  When I realized my 'boycott' was irrational, I returned with a group of hearty-eating compatriots to have a multi-coursed feast.  The food was very good.  But it was different.  What LaBan called "convention bound" in Spurio's menu, I say is the only reason Le Virtù could fairly wear the mantle of 'authenticity'.  At the end of this lavish, enjoyable and high quality meal, I lamented to my friends that Le Virtù now seems to be trying to make 'rustic' and 'authentic' into haut cuisine, like Vetri or Babbo before them.  If the prices weren't higher, they seemed so, and the portions seemed smaller.  But even if those impressions are false, to the ambition of "elevating" rustic eating I say real rustic and genuinely authentic is an innate quality, and no amount of traveling to Italy to find new recipes can make up for native genius.  The good news it that there are such innately-informed genius chefs in our area - Franca DiRenzo at Tre Scalini and Franco Lombardo at Sapori to name two - and that the food at Le Virtù is still worthy of the praise it universally receives, it's just that its 'authenticity' is now only a very good replication.
