Its a damn shame I can only give this place one stars. I came here with my family when the place wasn't open yet and we were greeted by the owner and given the grand tour, it looked so beautful I couldn't wait til they opened. A few weeks later they finally did and we went back and had some exquisite food and great service. Since that first time I tried to give this place three more shots, each time more dissapointing than the next. The service here is absolutely horrible! The first of those three was with my husband. We came on a saturday night before our movie, our waiter never came back to our table I don't know if he clocked out and went home or what?! We had to go up to the hostess to pay the bill which she rudely told us she could not handle that responsability. I understand that she couldn't help but she could have been nicer about it, she told us to sit back down and wait, when we told her we were late for our movie she huffed and finally dragged her feet to the back somewhere to bring a waiter out. The second time I came at lunch on a Tuesday with my mother. The place was empty so I thought great we'll be in and out quick. NOT! We sat at the bar and my mother ordered a cheeseburger and I a roll. When I got my roll first I thought hers would come soon but about 15 miutes later when I was almost done she still had nothing. I asked the bartender how much longer and she told me my mother shouldn't have ordered a well done if she wanted it faster :( This should have been the last time. But I tried just once more with a friend and we were only going for literally 1 drink, when we got there it wasn't too crazy we found our seats but still waited about 10 minutes for the bartneder who gave us menus and walked away. When I saw her again maybe another 5 minutes later talking to her friends, I tried to wave her over and she just put her finger up and dismissed me...that was the last straw. We just got up and left. We ended up going to Chevys Tex Mex which is literaly 5 steps away from this place and has never dissapointed me yet lol. 3 strikes ur out! Sucks cuz that first time really left an impression on me. The food was ok for me but my husband and mother were not impressed. So even if you still decide to go agaisnt all the warnings at least you know you have options in the same parking lot, theres also an Applebees. =)
