ahh ok. what to say about traif? so many mixed emotions. after multiple suggestions from friends in the area (my husband and i live in park slope) we were excited to check this place out on one of the nicest march evenings in recent years. we arrived fairly early, around 6:15 and were told by a tiny, red-headed, seemingly [very] stressed out woman that without a reservation, we'd have to wait at the bar for the rest of our party before being seated. no problem. we enjoyed two lovely cocktails- the winter bourbon and red pearl. when our friends arrived about 15 minutes later however, the stress level was elevated when speaking to the same young woman that greeted us, as she gave what was almost a passive agressive explanation as to why it would have been much easier to seat our party if we'd made a reservation ahead of time. but alas, she "made it work" in the garden (which was beautiful). all in all, an awkward and uncomfortable first impression. the food: so good. we started off our meal with an amuse bouche of sweet potato soup that was delicious. the short rib sliders were out of this world. probably our favorite. spicy tuna with eggplant rounds - absolutely amazing. we loved the strawberry and pomegranite ribs so much we ordered another at the end of the meal. the sweetbread dish was impresssive and creative and oh so tasty, even for someone who may not be the most adventurous eater. we had a lovely waitress who made sure the food was sent out in a timely fashion and we never had too much food on the table at one time. a trip to the restroom before dessert revealed that the woman who greeted us at the door was also an authority in the kitchen, calling out orders to all four chefs on what was to become a very busy night at traif. (the whole dining room was packed by 730). perhaps her stress level was justified after all? but the stifled argument i witnessed between her and the waiters and employees in the kitchen was downright embarrassing. especially in an open kitchen like this. fingers pointing, tickets flying...a nasty fight you could see but could not hear. sort of brings you back to harsh reality after such a relaxing experience just steps away. anyway, bacon donuts were totally totally worth the hype and we had a really great time overall. you can have a fantastic meal for a reasonable price. the waitstaff and busboys were so helpful and pleasant. i suppose we were just very put off by a certain attitude and negativity from the management.
