By far one of the best bbq places in the northeast and definitely the best in NJ. The first time I went was shortly after reading an article in the newspaper and I was anxious to support a black owned business, especially one in my own neighborhood. I've traveled all over the south from Virginia and the Carolinas to Texas and Georgia so I know my way around a rib. Anyway I ordered the three meat combo (chopped pork, chicken and ribs) with mac and cheese and yams. Now let me first say that I went late (probably around 9) but it made little to no difference. The chicken was deliciously smoky and moist and a good size. The ribs were chewy but not overcooked with just the right amount of flavor. But the real goodness was in the chopped pork. There was an absolute TON of it, so much that there was enough for two days worth of leftovers and even reheated well. I'm a big chopped pork fan and this was absolutely fantastic. The sauce came in its own separate container and though it's a little more bitter than I normally like, it melds perfectly with the meat. The sides are well sized but can be a little wonky. The mac and cheese can be a little dry if it's been out too long, but if you get it fresh it's really good. The yams are insane. If you like your yams sweet and gooey than you'll love these. If not, there's something wrong with you. The second time I went was for lunch and although the chopped pork sandwich was a good price, the small sides that come with it are kind of a joke. They're the size of condiment cups and literally only offer a taste. The last time I went we had a mixed experience. It was a Saturday night so we figured we'd just call in the order but unfortunately the person answering the phones was crap at multi-tasking and left me on hold for about eight minutes while she rang up other customers. it was irritating but not enough to sway me from getting my bbq especially since I life close by. So we drove over and it was reasonably crowded. Once we placed our order which took 10-20 minutes we left to pick up some beers before the food was ready, got back and had about five minutes left on our wait which wasn't terrible since it was a weekend. We ordered a sampler pack which offers a little bit of everything and it definitely redeemed the wait and phone incident. Normally I don't like brisket but this was fantastic, a little fatty but packed with flavor. As per usual the chopped pork and ribs were amazing however the chicken wings were a little too smoky but the cornbread compensated. Thick, fluffy and full of actual kernels it's served warm and in large portions. Warning, it is highly delicious.
