Not worth the trip.  Have been excited about going to this place for some time.  We could only get a late reservation, but figured if we sat down at 10:00 (the time of the reservation) that would be fine.  We had heard great things and really were hoping to not be disappointed. We literally waited 35 minutes to be seated, during which we received perhaps one comment from a hostess that they were sorry we were waiting.  As the 30 minute mark approached, they starting promising to "take care of us" over and over and over again, so we didn't really complain and just dealt with the absurdly long wait. The food was good - not the best we've had - but some things really did stand out (the squash toast was superb).  Others, like the cod, were absolutely drenched in oil/grease and simply did not taste good.   When the bill came, we were surprised to see that the only way they "took care of us" was bringing us a cheap appetizer for free.  Normally I would be fine with that, but when you're not seated until 10:45 and it's already that late and you're promised to be taken care of by 4 different people, it's almost a slap in the face that our drinks or dessert or something else wasn't done to make us feel better about what shaped up to be a less-than-memorable experience. In the past, when this has happened at other restaurants, we've had managers come over and profusely apologize and comp our entire meals, or our drinks, or bring us multiple dishes as a means of apologizing for a mistake they made.  When you have hostesses constantly stating they'll take care of you and then the waiter reiterating this, we were frankly appalled by ABC's lack of client service.  You simple won't make it in this city if you can't treat your clientele with the respect they deserve. I don't care how good or new a restaurant you are - if you can't seat your customers within a reasonable time of arriving, you're failing.  And if that does happen, you need to make much more of an effort to appease those who clearly are frustrated - especially when it's that late in the evening and they've been waiting to eat for so long.  It really is a shame.
