As a sommelier at a very well known restaurant in the city I have very high standards for hospitality in this industry. I have never been more appalled by a dining experience then the one I had at this restaurant. I went for lunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. She is a Food and Beverage Director at a fine dining restaurant in the city and was given a $100 gift card from a guest of hers. The food was hit or miss and the service was pretty bad. The chef apparently doubles as the server as well. I had to not only ask for a menu but also silverware throughout the course of our lunch. When the bill came it was $105. We placed the gift certificate along with $30 cash as the "servers" tip in the check presenter. He came back to let us know that the gift certificate had expired and was no longer valid because they had already done their taxes and counted the $100 towards their sales. Not only is this illegal and poor booking keeping but refusing to let us use a gift that had already been paid for its just HORRIBLE hospitality. A gift certificate's value should only be applied to the stores net sales AFTER it has been redeemed. The man said that he spoke with the owners and they said they could still not accept it. They made my friend walk three blocks down the road to an ATM to take out another $100 cash so now they were making out double the money on the bill. He must have been surprised to see that we did not leave him a tip after this ridiculous ordeal because as we were half way up the block we were chased after by the irate chef/server with my friends to go food that she had left on the table. He screamed "DON'T FORGET YOUR F***ING FOOD!" and threw the bag at my head. I am still in disbelief as I write this review. I don't know how this place is still open with people like that running the show. I didn't know whether to call the police or the Better Biz Bureau. I opted for the later. Hopefully they are shut down soon. Do yourself and your physical safety a favor and DON'T EAT HERE.
