ok so I just signed up on yelp because friends of mine are always talking about the food reviews on here. this is my first one so I'm very excited! i figured I would start with my favorite little lunch and brunch spot Cafe Lift. I've been visiting the Lift since 2003 when it opened right around the corner from my job. I've loved the food since the first time I ate there. The Chef and co-owner, Michael, has pieced together a very tasted menu, and uses a little innovation with the specials every week. I've asked more than once how does he come up with the specials? and Mike has responded modestly, "it's whatever is fresh at the market". during the week I'll usually indulge in a cup of the soup of the day (the crab bisque is unmatched by any luncheonette in the city) and a panino (the cubano is my favorite which features pork tenderloin, smoked ham, sweet onions and cheese with a delicious mustard aioli) When I'm feeling brave I have the margherita pizza--i don't want to use the word delicious too many times in this review but i can't help it. It is delicious, and more than enough to satisfy one. Saturday and Sunday brunch offers a vast selection of savory or sweet items. I must admit that I am kinda boring and almost always order 2 eggs any style with turkey bacon. However I have had the Lemon Ricotta pancakes, served with strawberries, homemade whipped cream and honey, and they are a delicacy. Other than the food, which i've made my feelings clear on, the people at Cafe Lift are great. Jen (Mike's partner and wife) is usually behind the counter helping out or observing operations with some coffee. Her and Mike go out of their way to greet every customer of the Lift, another display of the owners' modesty and friendliness. The servers are friendly and mostly helpful. Jen's younger sister and brother, Lauren and George, serve as Lift's baristas. The relationship among the three is refreshing and helps to keep an easy going atmosphere. Well I guess maybe I went a bit over the top on my first review, but if you like great food and great people Cafe Lift is definitely worth a try. None will be disappointed. And if you are disappointed......I don't believe you.
