Just downtown from Princeton's grossly overrated bar and nightlife circuit, tucked away from the city's pretentious and "look at me I'm important" crowd, lies a 2700 square foot pot of gold over the rainbow, that has served as a getaway to shake the stink off, for over 45 years. Beneath the mysterious and unassuming exterior exists a true bar, what is commonly known as the ONLY bar in Princeton, where every age, class, color and personality is welcomed with a handshake..."where everybody knows your name". Well, while you won't find Sam Malone, you will find the city's friendliest and most engaging staff that effortlessly seems to make you feel right at home. This place is great. For years as I have been told, it has been referred to as a classic "dive bar", however when I belly up to the mahogany and peer through the eclectic mix of people, and breathe in the very subtly upgraded interior, I don't quite think that's appropriate. The lights are dim, the oversized HD televisions are at every turn of my head, and the people are having the time of their lives, dancing and letting loose, while the jukebox blasts "Leroy Brown". Finally, a place you can count on. Karaoke on Wednesday and Thursday nights, sporadic DJs and bands, and a vibe that just defines "chill", this place has it all, including the only pool table in town. Two words, THE ORIGINAL. Poorly designed happy hour specials are not being pumped out to compete with neighboring competitors, and these guys don't fake reinvention for the sake of making a few extra bucks. They simply are the towns pioneers of the bar biz. In fact, their "Every hour is happy hour" slogan is backed by what seems to be daily, hourly and perhaps yearly cutthroat prices, providing high end mixed drinks at just over $4 and microbrews no higher than that. I you are looking for a place to getaway for an hour, a day, a week or even to become a pillar, this is the spot. Grab a hoagie or a slice next door, come in and sing some White Snake on Wednesday, and leave satisfied, and free of all that has ailed your daily black and white world. Since moving to town, I rest easy knowing I found my getaway. Come check them, or should I say "us" out, and discover Princeton's coolest place.
