I luckily found a parking spot, but judging by their small lot and limited street parking, I could easily see people having difficulty parking near this place. Also, be careful backing out if you park in the lot. It's a tight squeeze before you run into the restaurant. They sat us on a Friday night without a reservation, which I was at first happy about, but then worried because the place is so small. Why wouldn't it be filled on a Friday night? Hmm. There was a typical bar with a mirrored wall behind it and tacky decor. The dining area on the other side has walls filled with old photos of the neighborhood. I get the feel they're going for, but it wasn't executed very well. The frames and walls looked dusty. Looking around the room, there was definitely an older clientele. Upon being seated, we were immediately served a bread basket with sliced bread, bread sticks and crostini as well as a complimentary antipasto plate with cheeses, olives, roasted peppers, pickled mushrooms, zucchini, squash and pepperoni. The prices were definitely on the expensive side, but I heard they served large portions. We took the advice of other reviews and ordered 1 shared entree while I just ordered a soup...at least I thought so. The food took a little longer than expected. I immediately noticed I did not get what I had asked for - I was served a full entree, not my soup - so I immediately alerted our server. To my great surprise, I was informed, "No, that's what you ordered." I very politely told her that she must have misunderstood me, but I did say "I'll have the soup." She got all frazzled, grabbed the plate away from me and had the gall to tell me, "Well, I can wrap it for you, but you still have to pay for it. They cooked it for you. Can I get you something else?" Ummm, what?! She said it loud enough that at this point, the diners at the surrounding tables stopped eating and look over at us. I was completely embarrassed. We urged her, "we're not going to pay $25-30 for something we didn't order." She then turned around and as she was walking away, said "Well, I'll talk to him to see if he'll allow that." She came back a few minutes later (not the manager) and said "Ok, we'll talk care of it for you." About 7-8 minutes later, they brought me the soup. At this point, the others in my party were finishing up eating while I was waiting for the soup to cool. The entree we ordered and the soup were so-so, but maybe that's just due to the fact that it's easy to lose your appetite when you're treated like a liar and 2nd rate customer. On a side note, I love how they sprinkle the magic fairy parsley dust on virtually all the plates. I bet that little touch allows them to add a few bucks to the price of each meal! I'm sure the service isn't always this bad, but I'll honestly never come back to find out. I'm more likely to consider heading down the street to the McDonald's where at least I know some bright-eyed teenager is going to treat me with the respect a customer deserves.
