Came here for the first time last June 28th. It was suggested to just walk-in around the time they just opened for dinner (5p) because dinner reservations for 7p or 8p are quite hard to get. Successfully, we got a table for 2 parallel to the bar. Walking in, I loved the rustic, elegant, vintage-y feel to the place. In a word, I described the decor as "reclaimed". The mirrors lining the wall, the chandeliers, the china were very organic. To start, the dipping olive oil was amazing. You can distinctly taste the freshly squeezed green olives.   The salad of the day which was a bed of arugula mixed with mint leaves, strawberries and cubed goat cheese was just exquisite. The combination of the mild saltiness of the cheese with the distinct sweetness of the strawberries is complimented by the bitterness of the arugula and refreshing mint leaves. I definitely recommend the thin-crust whole wheat pizza with clam, mint, parsley and chilies. The combination itself sounds unexpected but the taste is a wonderful surprise. I love how the clams were cooked perfectly, it has the buttery texture to it so u can distinctly taste the clam. In every bite, you get an explosion of tangy and spicy which is grounded by the whole wheat crust. Unfortunately, the entree was quite disappointing. When we were ordering, I initially wanted the sea bass but was swayed into getting the halibut. The adventurer in me decided to leap and try the halibut on a bed of snap pea in corn broth. According to our waitress, it is one of their new entrees and it still is not part of the menu. I am glad it was not part of the menu because only on my first bite, I was already taken aback. The halibut was quite overcooked. The sea salt was too distinct that you can feel the grains on your tongue. The sauteed onion was very overpowering that the dish almost tasted like corn soup and the corn broth was just too salty. The entree was just a huge mistake. For the sweet finale, the vanilla chip ice cream cake saved the day (or night). It was served as a log with vanilla sauce, sliced almonds and topped with orange sorbet. I loved the combination of the sweetness of the vanilla ice cream with chocolate chips and the refreshing orange sorbet. Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant. I will have to go back to try the sea bass next time.
