Came on a Saturday night in September, specifically 9/27.  Will list issues. 1) Dirty tables.  We moved from the first table to another table because of globs of food still on the table.  The second table was better but very sticky, again not cleaned properly or a  dirty rag was used.  They should try using windex along with fresh paper towels instead of an old rag. 2)Burgers were disappointing.  Yes they are flavored.  But that's about it.  The burgers have no craftsmanship and they have a crisco-like after taste.  The Burger meat was not substantial.  I thought the bun overpowered the meat, resulting in a poor meat/bun ratio.  A juicy burger this is NOT.   3) Mac and cheese a BIG disappointment.  If they want to cater to foodies , they need to improve this basic dish. Basically it was store bought boxed white macaroni cheese  with chunks of bacon bits.  It was bland and frankly still tasted the powdered cheese.  So not worth the $5.00. 4) Staff needs work.  They have to learn how to clean, know the menu, and know how to wait on people.  Example:  Appetizers were brought out (Croquettes), she knew two people would be sharing and eating them, yet did not bring out plates or offer silverware. Good points: Good croquettes, and decent fries, although suspect of the crunchiness, doesn't seem natural.  The extra coating reminded me of the discontinued fries at Burger King. Suggestions: If going to Focus on Burgers and Fries, they better be REALLY GOOD.  These were not really good.  Of all the burger joints in the area, think Zinburger, Shake Shack, Smash Burger, even Sonic, they have much better offerings. This business could succeed if it puts out a better product,  It seems people are giving it a chance which is good.  But the business has to produce consistent good food on a scalable  level. Dinner offerings were sparse to say the least. Yes its all burgers, but nothing differentiates dinner from lunch.  Sides like mac and cheese need to be solid and HOMEMADE.  Make it homemade instead of the store bought kind. I would like to see the business succeed. Unless something changes, I would not go back
