A friend suggested this place for a brunch meeting and I was EXTREMELY disappointed. She spoke very highly of this establishment and I was hoping that it would make my journey from NYC worthwhile. The atmosphere was fine and the meal started out great. Everything went downhill when I received my food (I ordered the Shrimp and Grits). My friends had no issues with their orders. The menu stated that the grits come with 6 shrimp, beef gravy and toast. Sounds fine, right? When the grits came out, there were only 4 shrimp with the order. I immediately raised it to the attention of the waitress and she said "I will fix it". This is when s^&% really hit the fan. The owner, Vonda comes over to the table and is immediately on the defense explaining that they changed the size of the shrimp but kept the price of the dish the same and the price of shrimp in America has increased, blah blah blah. It has been all over the news, you didn't know? So I calmly told her that I only wanted what was listed on the menu and that it was my first time in her establishment. There is no way I could have known that the item I ordered had been altered nor did the waitress let me know upon ordering or when she was made aware. She simply said that she would correct the issue. So then Vonda goes on to break it down again : In Ame-ri-ca, shrimp is expensive and she pays $3.50 per shrimp and she flat out refuses to honor the menu and simply states that she doesn't want to give me the shrimp. 0_0 Next, she abruptly stops addressing me and begins speaking with my friend that is a regular there. Um rude much? She goes on to bad mouth the waitress and say it was her fault for not telling me when it is clear to us that she had no idea that the menu changed. When she sees we aren't buying it, she storms off and begins yelling in front of the entire restaurant and made a scene. This lady was extremely unprofessional and rude. I actually feel sorry for her. Her behavior is the reason why so many black-owned businesses have a bad rep. I hope the waitress finds a job somewhere better because she did not deserve that treatment. I will never dine here again and will warn any one I know in the Newark area to avoid this place like the plague.  SMH
