Reposting my review! When my parents from out of state wanted to throw us an engagement party, I was having a hard time finding somewhere that could accomodate a group, was affordable, and didn't want us to start at 12 in the afternoon. After doing some research, I stumbled upon Terre a Terre via Yelp and we decided to check it out. We went for brunch on a Sunday, and were presently surprised by not only the atmosphere of the restaurant, but the food! The steak and eggs was delicious, with flavorful sides of fruit salad and potatoes. I usually go for the sweeter side of breakfast, but was beyond pleased with my savory choice. We booked the party on the spot! In between then and the party we went back for my fiance's birthday dinner - all 6 of us enjoyed each course of our meal and there were zero complaints. Our party was this past weekend - chef Todd and staff were great from start to end. The planning process was smooth and easy; Todd is always very responsive to emails with questions. We had a group of about 25 adults and 4 kids. They even offered a kids menu for the little ones which was fantastic (and greatly appreciated by their parents). A bonus of Terre a Terre is that they are BYOB - perfect for our group of celebratory drinkers. I was able to drop off the beer and wine the night before which minimized the stress of having to remember everything the day of. Given that everyone was traveling to NJ for the party and the monsoon-like rain on Saturday, we had a few late-comers. The staff was very understanding and we were able to get the order in without feeling rushed. Everyone raved about the food throughout the party. The carrot-ginger soup was the winner - even my dad who doesn't eat carrot-ginger anything loved it and wanted more! They offered a choice of 4 entrees which everyone was pleased with. I had the steak and it was cooked to rare perfection. Three of my guests are pregnant and have dietary restrictions, and Todd was more than understanding when they sent their steaks back to the kitchen to be cooked well-done. A culinary sin in my opinion, but they were happy with the outcome and went on to enjoy their meals. Everyone also raved about the dessert. My only regret of the day is that I wasn't able to eat any because I was too busy mingling! Overall, we had a great experience and that staff made us feel welcomed and comfortable. I hope they weren't too frustrated with us as it was hard to get everyone to leave since people were catching up, chatting, and drinking. I tried to get the process moving but it took a little longer than expected. I would definitely recommend Terre a Terre and chef Todd for an event. We will definitely be back!!
