I visited Sabor Peru (BYOB) on Friday, Nov. 20th, 2009, on the recommendation of a friend who's in the restaurant business.  I must confess that I'm literally crazy about Peruvian cuisine, with which I'm quite familiar from frequent visits to other Peruvian restaurants in Passaic, Paterson, North Bergen, West New York, Union City and Manhattan.  However, nothing prepared me for the disaster that dining at Sabor Peru was.  My friend and I ordered two dishes (Palta Rellena and Seafood Paradise) from a special menu (where prices were not listed); and another one (Fish Ceviche) from the regular menu.  Palta rellena, as the name suggests, consists of two halves of avocado, stuffed with chicken or shrimp salad with different garnitures.  The Palta we got served consisted of four slices of avocado over a mixture of iceberg lettuce, tiny dices of chicken and a huge amount of mayonnaise, garnished with a boiled egg and a single black olive.  The dish was a complete departure from all the previous Paltas I tasted and, at a whopping $14.95, quite a rip-off. The second dish we shared was the fish ceviche, which was priced at $14.50---not bad, except that the portion was about a third less than what a regular ceviche is at any other Peruvian restaurant I've been to.  Our ceviche failed miserably:  it was too acidic, the fish was a bit fishy, and the boiled potato, hard to the point of being inedible. The last dish sampled was the Seafood Paradise: a mix of 1 fish filet, 2 shrimps, 2 mussels, 2 claims and several pieces of yucca.  Expecting the sort of mixed seafood grill described on the special menu, we got, instead, a shocking "paradise" reality check: the filet was quite small and covered in sauce, the 2 shrimps were fried and cold, as it was the yucca, which we also found hard and of not a nice consistency. We ate very little of this dish and our indifference I'm sure did not go unnoticed My biggest surprise came with the tab: the Seafood Paradise was priced at $29.95 and the total tab for the 3 dishes ordered, $70. The waiter who served us was also the restaurant owner.  Self-introduced as Dave, he was friendly, but full of recommendations and praise for his Peruvian food, something I found a bit patronizing and quite a turn-off. Overall, my dinner at Sabor Peru was a disappointment.  The food was not what I knew it was supposed to be, and on top of it, quite expensive.  I left convinced that Sabor Peru aims to those for whom Peruvian cuisine is only a curiosity and, unfortunately, that aim doesn't guarantee longevity in the tough restaurant business. If you're up for a truly nice experience in Peruvian cuisine, skip Sabor Peru and go on a short drive to Passaic and visit Peruvian Family Restaurant, near the town hall.
