The cafe seemed like it would be very appealing when i walked in with my friends to get tea and study, but we had a very sour interaction with the owner that made us very uncomfortable and scared. She rudely came over and demanded why we thought it was ok to bring outside food in to her cafe (there was no store and my friend had ordered tea already, and me and another friend had coffee from another store we had been to earlier), we were shocked and told her we didn't know because there was no sign and it is ok to do this at other cafes and places in Princeton. the cafe as also dead empty (we now know why!) so we weren't taking a table from waiting customers or anything. We had seen a customer (or friend of the owners) walk out of the cafe, see our drinks and go back in to tell her, then he watched as we got yelled at by her. It was all very bizarre and she wouldn't leave us alone until we answered her moral question of why people thought this was ok, then she went on a rant about how she has to pay x dollars per month for rent and how we were cheating her of her money. She was crazy and very rude and inappropriate. Then she confiscated my coffee, literally grabbed it from my hands, then tried to take my plastic refillable water bottle too! CRAZY WOMEN! We stayed for about 10 more minutes then felt so uncomfortable we had to practically run out of there. No wonder no one else was in there! I strongly suggest not going there ever! and the service was very slow anyway! Only go there if you want to get lectured at and make to feel uncomfortable! It does not sound like a good experience to me! She should be trying to make her cafe welcoming and warm not hostile. She simply could have told us nicely that she didn't allow outside food, and that would have been the end of it... but she took it way to far! I would give zero stars if i could. Wouldn't the owners want to form a good relationship with the students at Princeton, instead they are alienating us! Worst place ever.
