I first visited Oaxaca, Mexico, in 1972.  I fell in love with the culture and, especially, the food.  It was so different than the Tex/Mex or California/Mex we were all used to back then.  It was lighter, far more sophisticated, and clearly required more preparation and thought than mere tacos or burritos.  I've returned there often enough to become familiar with the food in Oaxaca, which I still love and now miss, because it has been more difficult in recent years to get there.   If you are looking for authentic Oaxacan cuisine, do not come to the Oaxaca Kitchen in New Haven.   This is not to say that the food is bad, but it is not authentic, despite reviews to the contrary. The Margaritas were expensive ($10) and watery.  Not nearly enough lime or tequila.  Beware of these.  They are 3/4 ice, with salt around the rim.   The Mariscada a la Parrilla Ensalada (seafood salad) was quite good.  The pieces of scallop, shrimp, and teeny-tiny bit of lobster (I think there was only one piece of each) were perfectly cooked  and the dressing was light and flavorful.  But the seafood was overwhelmed by a large pile of arugula, and a few cherry tomatoes, neither of which I have ever encountered in Mexico in more than 20 years of eating there.  Good to eat, but far from authentic.   The mole, on the other hand, was awful:  thick, overspiced, and heavy.  After a few bites the heat of the sauce became overwhelming, not even remotely softened by a little extra chicken broth or sweetened by the traditional chocolate.  And the chicken, which was drowned and nearly obliterated by this heavy sauce, was tasteless and without texture, sort of like spam.  In Mexico, the mole is decorated with a light touch of cilantro, green onion thinly sliced, and white cheese sprinkled over the top.  Not so here.  What was served was just a bowl of monotonous brown stuff, with the chicken/spam hiding underneath all of the sauce. Oaxaca, Mexico has a long culture and tradition of hand made, colorful ceramics.  The serving pieces at the Oaxaca Kitchen in New Haven are 100% white, in rather odd shapes, with no place to set aside a knife or fork.  This will seem petty to anyone not familiar with Mexican dishes, but it is simply a shame that a restaurant claiming authenticity would use dishes like this.  Ditto the loud music. Finally, we had a bad experience with glasses of wine, which were decidedly "corky" (with a mildew smell and taste).  When we complained to the waitress she returned with glasses of a different wine but rather pointedly told us that the bar tender thought the "corky" wine was "fine."  Again, a little disconcerting for a glass of wine, well, let's be honest, 1/3 of a glass of wine, that cost $9.00. It was the evening of Commencement Day.  No doubt the staff, and the chef, were exhausted; and perhaps the ingredients were exhausted, too.  But I found this restaurant noisy, inauthentic, overpriced, and completely unsatisfying.
