After reading these reviews, the one thing I notice that everyone has in common is HOW F*ING AWFUL THE OWNER TREATS THE CUSTOMERS. We actually walked out because he was such a jerk and yelled at me in front of the whole restaurant. Nook has the worst customer service that I have ever seen in all of Manhattan. I made a reservation for 2 over the phone and when we came to the restaurant for our 9pm reservation the manager (or owner?) told us we never made a reservation. It was a complete lie and I showed him my phone with the call placed to his restaurant earlier that day - what happened to the "customer is always right" in the restaurant industry? Then he revised his story and said they were writing down reservations all day by accident for the wrong date and we should come back in 20-30 min for a table. We came back in 24 minutes and saw he had just seated another couple. The manager then glanced at us and refused to come to the front of the restaurant to speak to us. Finally I went to the back of the restaurant to ask him how long our table would be ready and he said it was still going to be a while. I asked him why he had sat the couple in front of us just now and he turned at me and glared, finally barking that they had a reservation before us. I questioned whether that was really true, since he had earlier told me the restaurant had "messed up" the reservations for tonight. Was he lying then or now? And when I say barked, he literally raised his voice so inappropriately at a customer that I took a step back and became nervous about what he would do next - the tables nearby us stopped and stared and it was very uncomfortable. My boyfriend and I immediately walked out and I will never go back there in my life. I hope no one else will subject themselves to such horrible treatment in the service industry. Plus, the food is nothing to rave about. The only reason people go there is because it is a cheap BYO - but I know plenty of others throughout Manhattan that are well worth the travel and wait rather than coming back here.
