My first review, which goes to show this place is truly compelling. I have been there almost a dozen times in the last month and everything  about the place, service and menu has been excellent. Starting with the owner, you have a kind, attentive, and talented chef(with 30 years of diverse cooking experience) who literally cooks the food himself after diligently taking your order. It's always a pleasure to order from him because he seems to always be in a light spirited, friendly state of mind, with a perpetual, genuine smile. At times he may have help with waiting, always quick and helpful. However,  I wish he gets more help in the kitchen, but hopefully not at the expense of the quality of his personally designed menu. Now for the food. Literally always scrumptious. The appetizers, of which I've had the soft spring roll, crispy roll, and pot stickers, all are superb, but the crispy spring roll takes the prize. Just the right amount of greasy,crispy crunch and flavorful, moist and seasoned beef on the inside. Served with Vietnamese veggies(name escapes me) and lettuce and an heavenly sweet and sour dip. I swear I am salivating as I write this. The vermicelli and rice dishes are packed with plentiful, tender, mouth watering chicken or beef. The green curry sauce is a must. The Vietnamese vinaigrette salad served with the bowls is a fresh and crisp and a great layer of flavor when mixed  with the meat and rice/noodles. The pho is sensational. My wife and I order one order of beef or chicken and he splits it into 2 huge bowls. The amount of food is extraordinary. The broth is hot and wholesome. The chicken is especially succulent,in large enticing pieces. The sprouts and lime are always there and always crisp and refreshing. Though both are very good, I'm partial towards the chicken just because of the quality and quantity that is consistently provided. The banh mi sandwich is another hit. It is Served in fresh and  crispy, but not too hard or crumbly baguette and FILLED  with spicy, seasoned  pork. This is another must when eating here. The sandwich is hearty, filling and delicious. Veggies such as carrot strips, cilantro, cucumbers are included, which makes this sandwich one of the best ethnic culinary creations that I've ever had. The restaurant is tiny with only 6 or 7 small tables and is sandwiched between a salon? and some other business on the east side of First ave. It is easy to miss, there's  a tree blocking part of it. BUT you don't want to miss this little gem, because you will be missing out. Like other reviewers have expressed, part of me wants to see this place grow in popularity, cuz the owner just simply deserves it. But another part of me wants it to stay low key, never crowded and somewhere we can count on a solid affordable meal without a frustrating wait. And of course the prices are unparalleled for this quality and amount of food in manhattan. Main dishes $7.5, appetizers are $5, and everything else is somewhere in that range. My wife and I walk out comfortably full for under $30 with tip almost every time. I'm not a small eater.
