About a year ago a coworker stumbled upon Sharky's online and we thought we would give it a try. We have been back weekly since. Not only are the wings the best we have ever had - and I am a wing lover having even made the pilgrimage to the Anchor Bar in Buffalo where hot wings were born! - but the service is excellent as well. They don't use any breading on the wings like Hooters but rather just a dusting of flour which I much prefer. The wings are relatively plump and are served very crispy yet liberally covered in hot sauce. And they have a heat level for just about every tolerance. Just awesome.  It's definitely a small place and leaves you somewhat unenthused from the outside but don't let that discourage you. Actually I feel that only adds to its gem in the rough aura. There is usually a single over worked bartender working the floor but that doesn't stop them from promptly refilling you when your drink gets low and getting your food to you hot and relatively fast in a friendly fashion.  Not only are the wings the best ever, the menu has some items you wouldn't ordinarily expect at a neighborhood place. Their selection of sliders and wraps has some nice twists to them and are prepared with attention and I have actually noticed an improvement of the quality of some of their menu items. They have started using artisan bread rolls now for their sandwiches instead of the ordinary white bread rolls you would generally find. The fillet mignon and french dip sliders are great. It's not your ordinary corner bar - these guys know food. You will sense that immediately when you sit down and notice that there is likely not a single patron that has not ordered food.  Parking is the biggest challenge since it's street only and it sits on the edge of a busy commercial area but it's worth the extra effort. If you go there with a few good friends (and you can find a table) they will provide the great food and drinks that will likely turn your meal into a happy experience and add Sharky's to your list of "special" places.  Like I said, it ain't fancy - it's just damn GOOD.
