As you walk into this fine Italian restaurant, you will usually encounter the smiling face of one of its co-owners, Raffaele and Mimmo Marzullo. After being greeted, you can proceed to the specialty deli counter (more on this later) or you might choose to be seated on either of the two sides of the restaurant. It may seem to most that the left side of Marzullo Brothers Restaurant and Café is the "noisy" side, and well, maybe it is, but it is more accurate to say that it is the "all-purpose" side. All of the action happens over here, but you can't accurately picture it without a description of the whole restaurant... The back wall is lined with the beverage bar. (Think Starbucks with a nicer, less-commercialized twist.) Enjoy your favorite drink with some free refills! In the far left corner of the restaurant is where the home-made pizzas are produced. On top of your traditional pizza-parlor pizza, they also make other specialties. The most notable among these is, by far, the focaccia. Marzullo's makes their focaccia in large square pieces that can be bought as a whole or cut individually. Focaccia is a doughy pizza without cheese. The restaurant uses fresh sun-dried tomatoes on the top with herb-flavored oils. It is truly a delicacy! The left wall has the deli counter with the kitchen behind it. Now, we are not talking about your typical deli, this one is quite massive! They have three very large refrigerated cases which hold everything from your basic cheeses to prosciutto and capicola: an Italian food-lover's dream come true! Two of the cases mentioned hold the cold cuts, meats, and cheeses, while the third cabinet is a little different. Unlike the other cases, the third cabinet has all of the pre-prepared foods that are great to get either for take-out or as a quick sit-down fix. The dishes in this cabinet change daily, but you will always be sure to find something that is to your liking! Some of the dishes I have seen include: Stuffed Artichokes, Eggplant Parmigiana, Penne alla Vodka (with homemade vodka sauce), Baked Ziti, Lasagna, Fresh Mozzarella Balls, and Chicken Cutlets, among so many others. And now this is my favorite part: the dessert bar! It is in close proximity to the entrance and bisects the entire restaurant, separating the two sides that I have mentioned. Logistically, from left to right, there is a long freezer, a tall stand-up cake display case, and a long cookie and cake glass case. The freezer holds the gelato, which is magnificent! They have in the ballpark of eight to ten flavors, all of which are excellent (well, at least the five or so that I have tried) The cake display typically holds about ten cakes and pies. I have tried such mouth-watering dishes as Rum Raspberry Cake, Key Lime Pie, and a traditional New York Cheesecake (my personal favorite). Marzullo Brothers also has numerous other cakes and pies on display; all of which will please your taste buds! The selection also changes frequently so the more times you visit the more variety will come your way. The last part of the dessert bar is a long case, which holds a few more cakes/pies, a slew of cookies, as well as cannoli shells. When you ask for a cannoli, they will make it right in front of you, which makes these the freshest cannolis you can get around here! The cookies abound at Marzullo's! You will always be delighted with at least a dozen different types of Italian cookies in stock at any given time. There are also a couple of cakes and pies in this case that have overflowed from the stand-up display case. And remember how I said that there are two sides to the restaurant, well, now on to the right side. Marzullo Brothers Restaurant and Café offers you a more intimate setting on this side. Most of the tables are set up in two or fours, but they will, of course, happily move the tables to your liking. Without the hustle and bustle of the deli, kitchen, and desserts, the "dining room" will allow you some additional privacy, if you so desire. The wait-staff - who serve both sides of the restaurant - are superb. I always seem to want many different, seemingly small requests that sometimes have waitresses in other restaurants rolling their eyes (such as lemons, extra gravy, more bread, or whatever), and I always receive a pleasant smile, and a "One second, please," here. The wait-staff is always on hand for anything you might need. Now, here is where I usually find very helpful reviews that run down the entire menu of the restaurant, but I am not going to do that. Basically, any food imaginable that is available at other Italian restaurants will be available here. That ranges from hamburgers, pizzas, and sandwiches to filet mignon and sea bass (plus the dishes that I sprinkled throughout the review). That is probably my favorite aspect of this restaurant: its versatility! There is truly something for everyone when you come here, no matter what mood you may be in.
