Folks in the know had been encouraging me to stop by this place, and I'm glad I finally made my way in. On first glance, the aesthetic was clever and unobtrusive (velvet paintings, hanging scuba-dude, etc.), the music was heavy but not overbearing, and the crowd looked like the kind of people you wouldn't want to cross - unless you were crossing arms for a arm-linked-stein-chug. There were several good beers on tap with a definite eye to mixing up heavy/light beers, wine on tap, and canned and bottled beer from PBR to world-class craft brews. I didn't get into the liquor that night, but I spied some good looking rye whiskey and Buho Mezcal on the shelf, which is all I really care about anyway. Cocktail list was enticing, including Michelada+Ancho Chile Mezcal for $9 (fuck ya), and the food menu was concise but solid, with mexican faves and a burger, which was mostly why I was there. All of this qualifies the place as five-star in my book, but the staff really made the place. My girlfriend and I each ordered a burger and fries: we ordered separately but only received one number, and when the runner brought out my food less than ten minute later, he took it with him. We thought that might be a problem, and sure enough, we waited for a good 15 minutes after my food arrived before we decided to mention it to the bartender. In too many places in New York, the bartender would get huffy about this situation,  get defensive, cop an attitude, etc. - unless you're a regular, and this was the first time I'd been to the place. This guy, however, listened to what happened and told the kitchen and actually apologized, sincerely even. This was great, all I could have hoped would happen. Even better, the cook/runner came out and apologized for the miscommunication - I insisted it was no problem, I understood, thanks loads. Five minutes later my lady's food came out (the burger is off the hook, btw. with a double patty and cheese melted into grilled onions, crispy fries) and I went to grab another beer. The bartender said, "Six Bucks" and grabbed the ten I had set on the bar, but then turned back and said, "Oh, actually its on me, for the whole burger thing," and a little later, he did the same thing for my girlfriend. Are you kidding me? Best bartender I've met to date (and I'm a bartender - this guy makes me look like crap). Point being, the place is cool, the booze is abundant and varied, the food is better than you'd hoped, and the staff is fucking awesome. Places like this are why I don't leave Bushwick anymore.
