Oh my gosh! what a terrible service in Sripraphai On January 3rd, Sunday at about 8:45 we, two families, went to this restaurant. When we entered the restaurant we figured it out was almost empty. One of the waitress with a glasses( lately we found her name is Key) approached and put us, altogether 6 people, in the middle of the restaurant but we like to sit in the corner. She told us rudely that they were closing at 9:30 which was after 45 minutes. We were surprise why she was worried and at the same time we felt uncomfortable to sit at the middle of the restaurant but we console ourself. Again a waiter was chatting with a loud voice in a cashier counter which was annoying. Before we check the menu the same waitress came to take the order and unfortunately we don't know the menu. Meanwhile my wife was giving order, I found other server was bringing some food to our table and that was not our order. Then my nice liked to explain her but she got made with my nice. I requested my wife to match with her and do some additional order for take out and when we got that order, that was mistake too. So my wife was trying to figured it out why the mistake was happening one after another then the waitress Key exploded with my wife in the middle of the restaurant. When I interrupted to minimized with the waitress and asked her to send the manager and then she told me to go to cashier counter and talk to the manager because the manager is not coming to me. I never ever heard in my life this kind of answer from wait staff. Then one of the girl came to us and told us no need to complain about them and they will give the food on the house but we don't agree with her and pay the entire bill which was $156 along with gratuity. The same waitress, Key, was repeatedly screaming us and we felt so embarrass in front of other customers and also the manager never showed up. So far my understanding the management don't care about the service because the food is good and if the owner think the same way then I have nothing to say.
