TERRIBLE delivery experiences!!! While I'm usually a fan of this fresh seafood establishment and haven't paid too much mind to the many issues with their delivered meals, I'm afraid after this experience, I will not be going back to their restaurant or ordering from them again. Today's order was placed through Seamless Web at 12:15 PM.   The delivery time estimate on this was 65-80 minutes. Fine. We know that whenever we order from them, it will take at least an hour.  Our stomachs understand.   1:40 PM - I call to check on the order.  Speak to a ridiculously incompetent guy who asks me the same inane questions at least 2-3 times each, after which he merely tells me he doesn't know where our food is, who has it, or how long it will take before we get it.  He takes down my number and tells me he will call the delivery guy, find out what it going on, and will give me a call back.   2:05 PM - It's been 25 minutes and no call, no food. I call back, same employee picks up the phone.  I have to remind him who I am and what our situation is.  He tells me he hasn't spoken to the delivery guy and that he's going to wait until the guy gets back and will let me know.  No, I don't think you will, buddy.  I ask him to please, kindly, maybe find out where the guy is, call him, something, anything? He places me on hold. I'm sitting there for more than 5 minutes before I have to take a call and need to hang up.   2:15 PM - I call back.  Same employee picks up.  I have to remind him for the THIRD time in less than 15 minutes of who I am, what the order was, and the situation.  Short-term memory much??  No update.  Still clueless.  He places me on hold AGAIN.  I hang up after three minutes. 2:25 PM - Food finally arrives after two hours and 10 minutes.  Cold.  Wild Inedibles. 2:30 PM - I call back.  This is a joke, right?  I have to remind this kid again who I am and why I'm calling.  He finally asks if I want another order sent out instead.  Sorry, a little too late, dude.  I tell him the food arrived, he sounds a little relieved.  I ask if he can refund this because I mean, come on.  Your own delivery time estimator stated one hour to an hour and twenty minutes -- that is definitely nowhere near two hours and fifteen minutes.  Half of the food is going to be thrown out.  Let me know if there's a way to revive cold fries at the office. Throughout all of this, my always-be-nice-to-poor-waitstaff attitude is still totally on. He places me on hold.  Again. Five minutes later, an unfamiliar voice picks up.  He has no idea who I am, has been told nothing about the situation.  I walk him through the issues I've had and this guy is a PIECE OF WORK.  He talks to me like I'm an effing idiot who doesn't understand how delivery service works.  Hmm...  You get the little orders printed out from your Seamless Web console (which annoyingly bleats out a robotic woman voice chanting  "Seamless Web, Seamless Web" until you check the order), your cooks receive the orders and fire them up, the orders are then packed, and then voila! - your delivery guy gets on his little bicycle and pumps his little legs to bring them to customers.  Oh, I guess I just don't understand the complicated logistics of it all.  This guy on the phone was so rude and even after acknowledging that a two-hour and fifteen minute wait was "not ideal," still managed to be a condescending prick and tried to place the blame on my office building security guys who have nothing to do with how quickly the food would get here.  He refunded the order after his lecture about how it wasn't their fault and acted like he was doing me a huge favor.  Funny thing is, I don't even pay for my own lunch, it's all expensed to my company's Seamless account... so I actually called and asked for a refund just based on principal, as I'm sure my firm won't miss the fifteen bucks. I was appalled by the customer service I experienced from them today -- the clueless employee was at least the tiniest bit amusing with his incompetence but the manager or whoever I spoke with just left a bad taste in my mouth.  A bad taste that I will be glad to spread via word going forward.
