Have eaten there 3 times.  Unfortunately, there are not many restaurants in the area, and geography has forced us to eat there.  The first time was for a weekend dinner.  The food was acceptable, if not great.  The environment is not very good, though.  There's wood everywhere and little sound absorption.  Tables are too closely packed.  There really has been little effort put into decoration.  The second time it seemed even more crowded and noisy.  This was on a Sunday afternoon.  Again, the food was okay, but not great.  We just went for a third time today to try the Sunday brunch.  It was simply awful.  The food quality on the buffet was what is normally found in a bad company cafeteria.  The selection was really not that impressive, either.  There was no beef in the carvery. The scrambled eggs were a very firm mass.  The bacon was clearly extremely undercooked, and we all ended up leaving it uneaten.  On top of that, the buffet was split into two separate areas, with juices, salads, breads, and desserts being found in an isolated area clear across the restaurant from the main buffet.  The trouble is that neither the hostess nor the waitress bothered to tell us about this hidden area, and we only became aware of it after we had basically finished.  When I voiced my displeasure that no one had mentioned this area to us, the waitress was completely unapologetic.  We did end with dessert from this area.  The fruit salad was one step above canned, and what seemed to be cheesecake tasted like maybe it was key lime pie, but even if it were, it had an incredibly artificial taste.  Two of those at the table thought the coffee had a bad flavor and was not warm enough.  Also, we seemed to have trouble getting an adequate amount of cream; when one of us asked for more, a pitcher with a very minimal amount was brought to the table.  On this third visit, we were seated in an area with incredibly cramped booths.  At some point, we went from having no music to having music that was much too loud.  As we left, after it was obvious that we all were pretty unhappy, a person whom we had invited to join us referred to the restaurant as a "dive".  We will not be back.
