VERY DISAPPOINTED --almost to the point of ANGRY.The man in the picture was the only one in the restaurant. He offered us soup to try---giving the impression that it would be on the house but later charged us for it. --It was a 95 degree day--we would not have ordered soup! It was not good--in fact there was cartilage in my first spoonful. First impression of the menu was that it was very limited, which is ok, I figured ok, they do few things but probably do them well...WRONG.....Also, the prices were high  but again figured, well, there are no other Hungarian restaurants around so I am willing to pay the price-------if good. OMFG---where do I begin?? When the business owner runs out of the restaurant to tell you that even though they don't open until 12 and it is 11:45, you can come in---RUN. I really debated on whether or not to put a review about this place since I don't want to think that I would be the straw to break the camels back and cause someone to lose their livelihood BUT this place looks like it is on the verge of closing and IT SHOULD. The place looks like it has been there 30 years, they've only been there 4 years so I guess they purposely decorated it OLD AND SMELLY. I am half Hungarian and grew up eating Hungarian dishes cooked by my relatives who were born and bred in Hungary. The dishes we had at this restaurant were HORRIBLE....I could forgive if I thought they just made it differently than my family--you know, different region could translate into different flavors---I realize and accept that BUT this was poor cooking no matter what nationality, region---poor cooking, period!  I would also venture to state---unsafe. The chicken paprikas appeared to have been sitting uncovered in a refrigerator for an excessive amount of time since a piece of the chicken--which must not have been covered by the sauce--was so dried out, it was crackled and looked like it had shingles. The sauce had almost no color to it (Paprikas should have beautiful color from the Paprika used) and no flavor. Husband had pork chops that tasted rancid. Stuffed Cabbage had no flavor whatsoever. Soda given in can was lukewarm. We asked for food to be wrapped in doggie bags--saying the heat made us not eat too much. And before we could make our escape, the owner said " I have a wonderful Hungarian dessert---really beautiful--let me bring some out for you". We just eyed each other and said, "ok".  Well--the dessert was beautifully delicious---------only problem----it was Tiramisu--obviously made at an Italian bakery.  When I pointed out that it was Tiramisu, an Italian dessert, he said that during WWII, when alot of Italians were in Hungary, the Italians stole it from a Hungarian dessert named Tiramiska. Bull$$$$! I was so disappointed and shocked at this place I couldn't even bring myself to fight paying the bill---just wanted to get the hell out of there. These people should be ashamed to be representing their heritage in this manner. There are practically no Hungarian restaurants around anymore and if someone goes searching for Hungarian food, this is what they get??? Anyone who has eaten here--please do not judge Hungarian food or people by this restaurant and its owners. Gave it 1 star because not able to give it ZERO
