We were driving through Claremont on our way home from a trip to Keene when we stumbled upon this quick and cheap option for a meal. We were not sure at first when we pulled in if it was a hot dog stand or a used car dealer/junkyard because of all the broken down cars and trucks all over the property's parking lot. The stand however was placed directly in front of the vacant building that is there, clearly marked. The man running the stand seemed friendly enough but was very poorly dressed and kind of unkept. It never helps my appetite to be served food by someone who looks like maybe they are homeless. It's not all negative though as the food was decent. We love Nathan's hot dogs so no problems there and the prices were reasonable. The outdoor seating was a plus as long as you did not try to have a conversation, because the stand and seating is about 15 feet from a very busy road, making it nearly impossible to hear anything someone says unless they shout it.  I would not consider it kid friendly either for that same reason, unless you are someone who has those "kid leashes" that people use in the mall. It also seemed as though there were several men just standing around the cart the whole time who kept looking at us like we did not belong there. I wondered if they were on their lunch break but we had to stay for about 45 minutes while we ate and these men never left. The man running the stand seemed happy to have them however, as he laughed and bounced around loudly the entire time we were there, entertaining them and never once asking us if we enjoyed our meal. It's always easy to give Nathan's hot dogs a thumbs up because really how do you screw up a hot dog? But really that was the only thing positive I can say about this road side cart. The man serving the food was nice but borderline creepy, and the location was horrible, not helped by the fact that whoever owns the property does not care about cleanliness or maintaining a prepeared food business in a dirty parking lot next to old cars that are for sale.  In hind sight we should have stopped at the first cart we saw, a very clean stainless steel fair style cart in a clean location with a grassed seating section clearly seperated from the road. Our advice would be to drive by "Ghetto Dogs" and try this other cart instead.
