Have always liked Delaney's and found its food very good. So, when we heard the proprietors were starting up a second venture called Stone Hearth, we couldn't wait to try it and went the opening weekend. The only word to describe the entire dining experience is "disappointing."  We could excuse opening weekend snafus -- those will probably be corrected in time.  Ultimately, it's the food that matters, and our food was bland and the portions small. One member of our party ordered a pasta dish that arrived lukewarm. In fact, several of us ordered pasta only to have it arrive in unseasoned broth. (There wasn't a salt or pepper shaker to be seen, so even the most basic flavor enhancement seemed to be prohibited.) The only bread served was in the form of very thin packaged breadsticks STILL IN THE PACKAGE, that is unless you ordered the focaccia at additional cost.  Same was true for salads. And will someone explain why the servers removed and replaced all of the silverware after the first course even though only one fork had been used by one diner? That action reeked of pretension unless the servers knew something about the flatware that we didn't.  Desserts were not as described by our server, another disappointment, but at least we all got a chuckle out of the "Yorkshire Pudding."  We were well aware that traditionally Yorkshire Pudding is a popover made with beef drippings and served with a roast. (We've actually elated the real deal.). So, when it appeared as a dessert, one of our party thought that, perhaps, it was a play on words, and questioned the server about it. This diner was told it was a bread pudding, which sounded tempting after the small entree portions. However, when it arrived, it WAS a popover with a sprinkle of powdered sugar. It's fruit accompaniment was one raspberry on a teaspoon of whipped cream. $7.00 for popover!! This topped off a disappointing evening meal with a dollop of humour. (Did they evev know in the kitchen what "Yorkshire Pudding" really is or how it should be served?) Stone Hearth may improve in time if enough customers give honest reviews and the management pays attention to them. If not, there doesn't seem to be a long future in sight for this venue.
