This review gets 1 star ONLY because 0 stars is not an option. And I am SOLELY basing this review from my initial reaction to the place since it set the mood for my whole dining experience. First impressions really set the tone and the owner made it clear that this WAS NOT going to be an enjoyable experience. I can understand an hour wait time on a Saturday night. I can understand  a restaurant being crowded. What I CANNOT understand is an owner taking charge of the seating on his own and telling off customers and refusing to seat people until their wait time they were told was reached, EVEN IF THERE ARE TABLES AVAILABLE. Before I was even seated, a lady had asked the owner if her table was ready. He told her no. She asked him when it would be and he immediately got defensive and told her that "The nicer you are to me, the nicer I am to you". I couldn't hear what was said after that but a few seconds later he stormed off and she and her friends/family left the restaurant. I never saw an owner of an establishment get so loud and red in the face over a simple question. Well, our hour wait time was at it's 50 minute mark. We asked about our table. The owner told us that we were told an hour wait and we still had 30 minutes to go. The host marked down our names at the wrong time. We told him that the information was wrong and he began to tell us that his hosts write down our name and the time we gave our name and that they CAN'T be wrong. A couple waiting next to us had to complain for us and defended us telling the owner that we had been waiting for just about an hour. He then seated us right away but did not hesitate to state the obvious to us; that he was "going crazy". He was not the only one going crazy. I was going crazy. The music was so loud that I felt like I was at a concert. The place could not handle the amount of people that were there and I was seated in an awkward spot with my chest at my table and my back practically touching the table next to us. The food was served quick. It seemed that everyone that I was with enjoyed it. But I have to say that after waiting an hour, we dined and dashed as quick as possible. The music makes you want to leave. You cannot have a conversation with friends at this place. And PLEASE do not tell them it's your birthday. The drums and the whistling from the little song number the staff does is louder than the music and I HIGHLY suggest you bring ear plugs to block some of the sound out. I just can't believe that as many people where there as there were. With this owner, I feel bad that people spend their money here and support his ways and the bad way he probably treats his staff. NEEDS A NEW OWNER WITH A BETTER ATTITUDE TOWARDS CUSTOMERS.
