My party of two visited on a busy weeknight. I was craving pizza and we had the two-for-one coupon, so we made the trip over. Walking in, the girl at the register was very friendly and knew the drill with our coupon paper and quickly had us walking over to the dining area. There were few tables for just two, and we ended up at a table for 6. There were a couple of abandoned tables still covered with plates, but a staff member was by to clean them up within 10 minutes. A little long, but no disaster. There were SO many different types of pizza. Plenty of vegetarian options, as one might expect. I wanted crispy, cheesy, salty goodness by the plateful and by golly that is what CiCi's served me. Pizza was always hot and fresh when I took it. It was eaten up too quickly to get cold or old. The garlic knot rolls were a pleasant surprise! They were beyond greasy, but so delicious I had to go back for more. Breadsticks were also garlicy and enjoyable. Jalapeno pizza had a fantastic kick to it. I didn't try the soup or pasta, but the salad bar was more than acceptable for an accompaniment to the main event. I liked the premixed Italian salad, it was fresh and well mixed. The dessert pizza thing is fantastic! Sweet vanilla pudding-type-thing with baked crumbs on top. Not sickeningly sweet or processed. Customer service was borderline outstanding. Most of the staff is on the younger side, yes, but that doesn't mean they don't do a good job! Always smiling, even though I wouldn't want to be in their shoes with all the plates they had in their hands constantly. My table never piled up with plates. When something was refilled, the staff member would announce it to the dining hall. Much appreciated, so people didn't crowd the little food bar. I made a request for more Mac and Cheese pizza (yummm) to someone that appeared to be a manager, getting his elbows dirty and tidying up the pizza bar. A few minutes later, he came over to my table and asked how many slices I wanted, and proceeded to bring me my requested slice on a clean plate directly to my table. Much appreciated. CiCi's is cheap family fun with something for everyone. Will be back soon to enjoy more!
