HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE- 1.) table of seven- served edamame with no napkin or dish to discard the pods/shell onto- we had to get napkins from the bar to put the discarded shell on... 2.) four people ordered sushi and they brought it out on one platter so we all had to reach over one another to get to our sushi... 3.) burger ordered medium- served raw- my fiance was unable to eat it... 4.) calamari was not good- AT ALL 5.) did not get served water until end of meal 6.) ordered 2 pitchers of some mixed fruity drink at beginning of meal- it was horrible and we had to get some orange juice to add to our glasses to try to drink it- so, I asked to speak to the manager -THREE times- waitress tells me she has asked for the manager to come over and wont (three times)...by the way there were maybe 20 people in the entire restaurant ...so, I waited..and waited, and even stood by the table after the check came and everyone else had moved to the stage area to do karaoke...still no show- so, I tell the waitress- can you just bring us a couple of beers instead and call it a day- forget about the terrible ($25) pitcher of drinks...she says no, she can't do this (she was very apologetic)- i said- well, again- let me talk to the manager...so, a while later a girl walks up and claims to be the manager and says that she was "bypassed" by the waitress because she went directly to the owner- and that this was the first she was hearing about this- AS IF THAT CHANGES ANYTHING- to me, that should make you more accommodating knowing that I have now asked FOUR times to speak to someone. So, with the pitcher sitting there and one glass poured out sitting next to it- she says- well, you drank some of that so I cannot do anything about it. I said- well, if you pour that drink back in it will be the same amount as you served it- so she takes the drink AND POURS IT BACK INTO THE PITCHER- and tells me that they serve the( awkwardly shaped) pitcher fuller than that (which, by the way, they didn't)- so, I look at her and say- look- if you are going to argue with me over (MAYBE) a few sips of this drink-  then there is nothing to talk about- she goes on to ask me if we ordered the pitcher at the same time or two separate orders- I tell her we ordered two at the same time since it was a big group- (sounded like she was accusing me of trying to get a free drink assuming we ordered one and then another)...so she says (again) oh, well, i cannot do anything for you because you drank some...and if you would have said something sooner, maybe I could have done something- I said- look, at this point,  I don't want anything- I have already paid my bill- I really just wanted some sort of customer service- ARENT YOU THE MANAGER???? why is it YOU cannot do anything....I then said- listen, this is the absolute worst customer service I HAVE EVER had and we will not be coming back here- there is no reason for us to continue this conversation. BAD FOOD, BAD SERVICE (to put it mildly)
