Had a weird dining experience at this restaurant. First of all, our waitress was oddly strange. She could not multi-task to save her life. My dad found a long hair on the rim of his glass after he had poured his root beer into it. We brought it to her attention when she came to take our order. She took the glass and 10 minutes later she came with a clean glass filled with ice. But no soda. And we hadn't even ordered yet.  Before she returned we were already fed up with her inexperience as a server that we were so close to leaving. But right when we were about to leave, she returned. We decided to stay and my dad and I both ordered the pork burger and my mom and aunt ordered the classic burger. We literally said that hopefully their burgers were so good as to redeem our poor experience and the weird vibe of a restaurant. But not to our surprised she came back to say they were out of the pork burgers. Who runs out of a pork burger or any food item  by 5pm? So after a long period my dad finally got his bottled soda replacement. Apparently the servers have to wait for the bartenders to get bottled sodas. When we got our burgers (settled for the classic burger), it came already sliced in half and with two onion rings on it. I never cut my burgers in half since I prefer to eat them whole. So why would the cook slice my burger for me without asking me first? And please tell me how I'm supposed to insert two whole onion rings into an already sliced burger? Let's just say I had to get creative. I asked the waitress why they sliced my burger. She seemed surprised at first and then proceeded to tell me that now I know to ask for the next time. I told told her that I shouldn't have to ask because in the 36 years I've been alive, no restaurant  has ever sliced my burger half. Especially without asking me first. So after that conversation, the waitress never returned to our table to check up on us. No refills. No dessert. It was like we were the forgotten table. We couldn't wait to get the heck out of there. Oh and she charged us for the soda with the hair on it. Most places would apologize, which she didn't, and comp it. We never even heard from the manager. So overall, we will never be returning to this restaurant. It's a wannabe fine dining restaurant with mediocre and poorly trained staff. In the positive, the aesthetics of the restaurant is very nice and the burgers, though slightly over salted, weren't half bad. We still won't ever return here though.
