Wow! Its a shame that if I could, I would give this place 0 Stars after my last experience here. Let me begin by stating, I LOVED Verlaines, LOVED it! Past tense. Within the last 3 months, I had probably been there about 8 times and each time, I brought a new friend to experience it with and EACH time, the said friend enjoyed it just as much as me! The same way I fell in love with the ambiance, the drinks and the food, so did they. It also goes without saying that every-time I visited, not only did myself and my guests order multiple drinks and platters, but we were ALWAYS generous with tips. This past Saturday I visited Verlaines with yet another new patron (and friend). Friend and I entered the restaurant at about 8pm, as expected, the place was packed but there was at least 1 open table available in the back. This table did not have any reservation sign, nor was there any indication it was being held. It appeared perfectly OPEN. Not even a minute after we had sat down, a guy with spiky blonde hair approaches us and informs us we cannot sit there for long because, it is "reserved for 8:30PM". At this point, me and my new guest are highly confused. Amid our bewilderment, the spiked hair guy assures us that he can serve us, but we will only have "30 minutes" to eat/drink. Now this is where I got PISSED. I inquired as to why, if literally every table in the restaurant was booked up, why were we not informed upon entering the restaurant? Had we known there was a waiting list upon entering we would have just explored other options! The guy again, dismissively, informs me that there was someone at the door informing customers of such and we must have just missed them. Now this was a flat out lie. At this point, I got up and began actively looking for this "host" I seem to have missed upon entering the establishment. I end up encountering this small brunette girl, I inform her that me and my guest we not made aware the place was entirely booked and there was a "waiting list". She assured me the waiting list had "just began" and me and my friend would be the 1st chosen. Ok. Fine. Returned to the table, and by this time it was about 8:20PM and the guy comes back and informs us the guests had arrived and we would have to move to the lounge. Again, we are reassured that within the lounge we will be served. The lounge hostess guides us over, I attempt to sit in one spot and she quickly taps me and says, "No, no, no that's reserved too" and then ushers me over to another seat. WOW. Even in the most high end restaurants I have never been made to feel like cattle. My friend and I are then left with menus, being that my friend was new to the restaurant, she needed a moment to make up her mind. Please let me emphasize, she needed a "moment". Not nearly 20 more minutes. By this time we were both starving and I was mortified. Never have I experienced such careless, flippant customer service. I was SO embarrassed for even dragging my friend a long, especially after speaking so highly of it beforehand. My friend was not impressed whatsoever and after more than 45 min of being bused around, with no drink or food, she asked me if we could just leave and we did. I can count the number of times I have walked out on a restaurant on one hand. With Verlaines being the 1st NYC restaurant I have ever walked out on. Truly, truly disappointing experience. I really did love this place!
