A few days ago, I would have given this wonderful restaurant five stars.  However, after being treated extremely rudely by the manager on Friday night, as well as two other instances of utterly inhospitable service, I can only give 3 stars. In the past 2 years that I've lived 2 blocks away from Bocca Lupo, I have brought countless friends for brunch, appetizers, dinner, wine, whiskey, and all manners of rustic but refined Italian fare.  The bruschetta are perfect little bites.  The wine list is extensive, but also gives wonderful notes to help you choose exactly the right one for you.  The goat cheese and mushroom frittata is one of my absolute favorite brunch dishes in the neighborhood.  The wait staff is often helpful in describing and selecting menu items.  The ambiance during the day is bright and cheerful, with large windows for people watching; at night, it becomes warm and romantic. Friday late afternoon, 3 teacher friends and I came here for after-work drinks and appetizers.  When we arrived at about 4:30, we were the only patrons in the restaurant.  Our server admitted that she was still new to the menu, but she was extremely polite, attentive, and welcoming. At about 6 PM, this lovely server's shift had ended.  The restaurant was slowly becoming more crowded for the dinner hour.  We had just ordered our second round of drinks, and had another friend join us who also ordered drinks. The manager arrived at about that time, as well as another server.  Twice, we felt as if we were reprimanded: once, when we moved our table about 4 inches in one direction because the setting sun was directly in our eyes, and told (not asked) to move it back; second, the manager took my friend's leather pocketbook off her chair and put it on the floor -- again, without asking to touch her belongings -- simply TELLING her that it was blocking the "aisle." For the next hour, it was extremely obvious that this manager was giving us dirty looks and talking about us in a derogatory way just a few feet from us to the other staff (at some point she said "They're teachers" -- I guess to mean that we won't pay enough to her liking).  It was later clear that she was refusing to refill our water glasses.  She dropped off our check without our request, saying something about a "wait list," despite the 1 or 2 open tables next to us, and the lack of anyone waiting at the door. We all recognized that we should probably order another round of drinks -- we knew that they wanted us to pay if we were going to continue to hang out.  However, when we tried to do so, we were refused service.   When we tried to explain how we were shocked to be treated so rudely, the manager only said that she was "sorry if we felt that way." Before I became a teacher, I was a waitress myself.  I understand that a lot goes in to service running smoothly, and that you want tables to turn over to get as much revenue in one night as possible.  However, I learned that the first rule of food service is HOSPITALITY.  Customers are more likely to return to a restaurant for good service than for good food.  This manager could have easily asked us politely to finish up, or move to the bar, if we weren't going to be ordering dinner.  Instead, she chose to passive aggressively kick us out. It's not worth it to go into the other two strange incidents of poor service -- I think this is enough.  I am saddened and shocked that I may no longer be able to frequent my favorite local hangout for fear of being treated disrespectfully.
