This is our favorite restaurant and we go there at least several times each week. The food is very carefully prepared and is delicious. The atmosphere is friendly and the furnishings eclectic. It is like dining at home, only the food is more interesting and you don't have to prepare it or serve yourself. Very relaxing and intimate. The breakfasts are scrumptious and I especially recommend the eggs benedict served the usual way or with crabmeat (eggs down the shore) and /or spinach (eggs florentine). The Canadian bacon is yummy and tasts like small boness porrk chops to me but bacony. The omlets are really great and each is made to order. I love the avocado and crabmeat with swiss cheese omlet. For a change of pace, try the fresh tomto, avacado and goat cheese omlet. My partner loves the biscuits and gravy with grits. The coffee is the best you can get anywhwere. Dan's biscuits and lemon scones are all homemade. There are fresh cookies and homemade cornbread.  Lunches include delicious salads, including chicken salad/salad with tarragon/apples and all the trimmings. The balsamic dressing is homemade and is the perfect topping. I have had the hamburgers, sandwiches and salads and all are indicidually made to order with lots of interesting ingredients like nuts, fruits and crunchy seeds. For dinner, I highly recommend the fillet mignon with wild mushrooms served with fresh vegetables and hash browns. I love the Lobster salad, the shrimp and scallop pasta and the scallops by themselves with wild rice and fresh pea pods. The scallops are juicy and plump and full of flavor.  You can order them the usual way or zippy with lemon and a little spice. For dessert, I reocmmend the bread pudding with bourbon sauce. Absolutely delicious. They do a large take out business, for everyone including Seton Hall students. There are a bunch of regular customers that say hi and are very friendly. The owner's Dan and Laura are extremely fun and make you feel welcome. They also run a catering business and I hear it is very popular. You can find them at most of the local events including Maple Woodstock,  I highly recommend this place but try to make reservations if you can, just in case they are really busy.
