Ladies and Gentelmen. Lets talk pizza in NY, and I will get right to the basics. In nyc you have three kinds of pizza(roughly) Slice Pie (Famous Ray's ect ect) (FYI best slice pie is rosarios in east vill) Neopolitan (Luzzos, Grimaldis, Lombardis) And what I call New Wave Bullshit (Pala) SLice pie in NYC is a slice of dogshit for the most part. Its unfortunate.. but true. All those pizza places use shit ingredients, shit ovens, and shit empolyees. They get their ingredients in huge cardboard boxes and off the same trucks TV's and refrigerators are delivered in...Im sorry but when i walk into a pizza shop and a 5 mexican guys are behind a small counter doing all the work I lose interest.And hoping not to state the obvious but gonna do it anyway.. nothing against mexicans. I love all ..But for them it may be like walking into a taco shop to see 5 albinos making salsa. doesnt work. I get the politics and the cost and the business. but im sorry that takes away from your food. which. lets be honest.. the owners of these by the slice places... are middle eastern anways. they could give two shits on a kuran if the food is good. as long as drunk guidos from long island stumble into it.. they make money.very few are italian anymore. thats just the way it is whether you like it or not. THe ppizza by the slice industry in NYC is absolutley atrocious. terrible. i know there are some ok ones.. but the fact of the matter is the game is so saturated you cant tell whats what. And thats a fact. Granted there are adequate slice stations if you will, but the ratio: good/bad is fantastically lop-sided.... So in comes the alternative pie... The pumpkin basil fuck off pie on whole wheat pita... give me a mother fucking break. what a god damn scam. like most foods.. pizza is basically peasent... new wave bullshit/alternantive pizza is not pizza. period. Pala is good on its oown..(kinda god not great) but its not pizza,. pala is as much pizza as oreo cookies are as much screw drivers. besides they charge soooooooooooooooooooooooo much for their pizza I had to ask for my tesicles back with the bill.. (side bar. Artichocke is delicious. very heavy. but god damn good. I love a place that does one thing and does it right.(their margarhitagrandma is average) at least when they chargeyou 4bux a slice its worth it size and taste wise) So because of the mass saturation of slice pie's, and the abortion like style of alternative pie.... emerging ever so gracefully is the traditional neopolitan pizza. It will always come back to the original. First let me say if you have been to grimaldis once i dont blame you. some say its a right of passage... so its ok. If you've gone twice you ARE A FUUUUUUUUUUUCKING MORON. pizza is over salted and over oiled and over cheesed and not fresh at all. its nooooooooooooooooooooooot gooooooooooooooooooooood is what im trying to say. and i hope you all understand that when I write this I am taking into consideration the 1hour wait you have to endure. ummmmmmm waiting online at grimaldis and then eating their pizzas is like buying 50 lap dances from the same hooker to then only receive a kiss on the cheek at the end of her shift.. pay off isnt there (no i dont go to strip clubs.. bad analogy im sorry) anyway back to Luzzo's this is about luzzos. Luzzo's (ONC AGAIN IN EAST VILLAGE-MECCA OF GOOD FOOD IN NYC) is the best pizza you can eat in NYC. period. Price Quality Quantity Service Staff Atmoshpere everything. best period. The buffala pizza is so fresh I had the waiter slap me in the face when he put it down on our table The staff is all italian The crust has a nice char. this is crucial folks. real pizza has a char. a slightly burnty crust. it aids in the all around flavor. This crust. not soggy. not over crispy. THe sauce is beyond simple and perfect. its like a beatles song. simple. short. and gets the point accross. The basil leaves are always picked off stems in back the side dishes are so easy and simple and perfect the hot oil? oh the hot oil. why dont more places have this the pizza is perfectly cheesed. it is juts a wonderful symphony of cheese, bread, and sauce. its exactly what a pizza should be,. I cant say for sure.. i think the oven is a charcoal/wood mix whichy is unlike any other restaraunt in the city(pizza place that is) Then when your done. skip desert and walk to vinieros.. NY STAPLE.. one of the oldest pastry shops in NYC. maybe oldest. not sure. This is the best pizza in NYC. ion all levels. Good night. and good luck P.S. the only reaosn it doesnt get 5 stars..is because their one fault is delivery. thsi hurts them. their pizza handles delivery worse then ballooned heroin in a columbian womans stomach.
