The food was amazing! However the service was horrendous. We were a group of seven and we came in about an hour before closing. The "owner" was trying to hurry us out the moment we got there. While he was taking our order, he was clearly irritated that those who were unfamiliar with indian food were unsure of what they wanted to eat. After we had ordered and enjoying some of our appetizers, the kitchen was closing and instead of asking politely if we wanted to add anything to our order, he rudely announced it was closing and to get any orders in now or else, strike two. But what occured next is what really put us all over the edge. We were laughing and enjoying each others company and stories. He approached us and told us that we needed to stop laughing and that another table complained that we were too loud and they couldn't enjoy their conversation. It felt that he was putting their experience before our own. It doesn't even stop there. While still eating, he asked were we done eating? Clearly we weren't, so one member of our party asked him: "do you want us to be done?" Mind you there was still another table sipping wine and talking amongst themselves and they were not asked this same question. He replyed to her "yes I do." He prints out the check, with incorrect orders on it, places it on the table and proceeds to watch us from across the room. Because we were taking too long to figure out the check, we had multiple cards, he proceeds to clear off plates and wine glasses, with some wine still in them. Mind you this is BYOB. When we mentioned a discrepency on the check, he argued with us that the fault was on our end when it clearly was his. He eventually decided that we were right and he proceeds to go to the back correct the problem. While changing the mistake he made, he proceeds charge one card for the entire bill, though none of us expressed that we wanted him to do that. After initially claiming he was unable to void the charge, he did and split the check between the four cards. Though he took off all the charges for the naan, only after we threatened to call the real owner about our horrendous experience, I will NEVER EVER go back there again. Spend your money elsewhere.
