My wife and I went there when it first opened up.  The service was slow and disorganized, our appetizer showed up about the same time the bread came to the table, and about 5 minutes later someone else brought over our entree to the table, with the small table we had to have our appetizers wrapped to go to make room on the table.  The house wine had a poor taste, didn't have a second glass. No one ever came to see if everything was ok with the food. We than waited for the waiter to return to wrap our entrees, and waited, and waited, after about 15 minutes later he showed up, we asked for our check and our appetizers that were wrapped earlier, our waiter couldn't find them, we went home with our entree and left contributing the service issues to a startup problem with the Grille. We returned for a second try on February 10, 2013, never heard anything about specials from our waiter, we had to ask our waiter for bread for the table again, the red wine was served in a glass that looked like it had been removed from a running dish washer with water rolling down the outside of the glass, I had used my knife on the appetizer, asked our waiter for a clean knife as the old one was removed by another person who cleaned off the table, entree was served no waiter no knife, waited, waited, finally I got up went to another table and picked up a new knife.  Again no one came by to check on the food or quality, and my entree was luke warm at best.  After sitting there trying to get our waiters attention to discuss our entree, which he never came to the table, we finally had another person show up and ask if we wanted to wrap up our entree we said yes. Our waiter did came over with our check after our entree was wrapped, never asked if we were interested in dessert or coffee, I discussed my food and service issues with him, he apoligized. The Grille need to fix many internal problems and reevalute it pricing structure, it's not high end food, just high end food prices. We left and will not be going back to Centro Grille.
