When my companion and I first dined at M-Saigon, we were blown away. I had the House Fried Rice, she had the Seafood Noodle Soup. It was the best fried rice I've ever had (and I really don't think it'll ever be topped). The shrimp and rice were cooked perfectly. The pork was amazing. I ordered it on my second trip and was just as pleased. My third order of this dish, however, found it somewhat salty and greasy. And the fourth--and sadly, last--was just awful: terribly salty. The pork was completely different and super salty, as well. I ate a quarter of the plate and had to stop. (If I wasn't so starved, I would have abandoned it after the first few bites.) My companion had a similarly unsavory experience. She ordered the Pad Thai, for the first time, and declared the shrimp wholly unpalatable. It tasted as if it had been discovered in the grass-catcher of a riding mower. I, myself, took a bite and had to discard the half-chewed remains into my napkin. To offset the disappointment, I joked that it was probably just "grass-fed shrimp," wrangled by cowboys and girls on seahorses. Neither of us remarked to our server on the quality of the Pad Thai, but I did report, when asked, that the rice was unusually salty and that the pork was very different, as well. Our server simply said he would let the kitchen know. Thereafter, he seemed to avoid us and glumly bid us a good night, when the check was delivered. I was deeply disappointed with our experience, that night, as it meant we might never go back. The fried rice was, as I said, the best I've ever had, on that first and second visit. It's disheartening to think that I'll never have it again. But I don't know. It could be they've changed chefs, or that they have, on occasion, someone in the kitchen who is unfamiliar with the way things are done. Save for the Pad Thai incident, my companion had always previously ordered some variety of Pho and was always especially pleased with it. The only time I ordered Pho--the Four Seasons one, I believe it's called--I was let down by the burnt egg floating on top (though the rest of the soup was fine). We've also tried the Iced Coffee twice and the Bubble Tea on several occasions and were very happy the first time with the former and each time with the latter. My hope is that M-Saigon is merely inconsistent in the production of their offerings, and not, as I feared, actually losing their edge. Should any member of the staff be reading this, please don't take my criticisms the wrong way: When your food is good it's, frankly, damned amazing. (More than once, we've thanked whatever deities there may be--and neither of us is particularly religious--for giving us M-Saigon.) When it's bad, however, it's just plain depressing. Please restore our faith. We sincerely want to believe. We NEED to believe.
