Hon Sushi is the best bet for fresh, raw, authentic, and creative Japanese Sushi in the Princeton/West Windsor/Lawrenceville area. I haven't experienced much of the Korean side of the menu but I can attest to the rolls and service, since I eat there almost twice a month. First and foremost, the service is outstanding. It is true and unfortunate, that the business is usually quite slow, but the wait staff is very patient, attentive, and polite. The owner/manager will sometimes pleasantly greet the table and inform you of the freshest catch and/or menu specials that afternoon or evening. I have eaten at a plethora of Sushi establishments in the Princeton area and this one is my favorite for it's consistency and freshness. Most restauranteurs will favor Elements of Asia, only a mile away down Quakerbridge road, but I have found Elements to be extremely overpriced. Hon has a great environment: quite, friendly, and has enough of an edge not to be grouped as another cookie-cutter, stereotypical "sushi-joint". They have private tables separated by steel curtains, but they don't give off an intimidating industrial vibe, instead it sparks a sense of modernism. Again, Elements is another one of Princeton area's Asian cuisine that tries re-imagining not only menu items but the scenery and overall feel of the restaurant. Hon's rolls are the best in Princeton. Doesn't get fresher. You would think sushi places located in Princeton itself (e.g. Tomo or Ajihei) would take advantage of making a partner like Nassau Street Seafood (like Bluepoint grill does) but the fish doesn't taste as fresh as Hon's does. Hon is also BYOB, and is located in the Mercer Mall Shopping Center which has a Joe Canal's Discount Liquors right next door, and this can not only save you a lot of cash, but it can be a fun experience walking through a warehouse of white wine (and rice wine) to find a perfect or new pairing before having some rolls. For the area, Hon is your best bet for Sushi. One last word of advice on my favorite roll: "Happy Roll make you very Happy"
