As a frequent sushi eater, I wanted to try out a new place for my birthday.  I heard, and read mixed reviews about Sushi House, in which the crowd was a bit iffy, and so was the service, but I still decided to make a reservation for a party of 16 for a Saturday night to try it out.  That was a mistake!  Upon our arrival, I was told that my party would not be able to be seated until everyone was present.  Understandable.  However, the place was dead, so having to wait 45 minutes to be seated while we waited for four people was a bit ridiculous.  But we were okay with that, we decided to grab a few drinks at the bar so the wait would be bearable.  The service at the bar was pretty slow, and the bartender did not have the most of pleasant attitudes, but we managed.  We were then seated by a polite host, and shortly after we were greeted by a rude, snobby waitress.  I asked her if the restaurant allowed for separate checks, since we were a pretty big group, and she said yes.  Throughout dinner, we barely saw our waitress, and when we did see her was because one of us had to flag her down in order to get refills, or whatever the case was.  Her NASTY attitude was not appreciated whatsoever, and we felt as if we were an INCONVENIENCE to her on a slow night.  At one point, we wanted to order drinks, but we did not know the whereabouts of our unpleasant waitress, so we decided to take a quick trip to the bar.  While at the bar, we tried to get the bartender's attention, and were completely ignored.  We stuck around for about 15 minutes, and decided to not wait any longer, and returned to our table, where we  contemplated in asking for our bill in order to go out else where for drinks, in the hopes of actual pleasant service, and where our money would be much more well appreciated.  When the group was done with dinner, my boyfriend then asked our waitress for some sort of desert, since we were celebrating my birthday.  She then snarls at him and said "CAKE?! WELL, NO ONE TOLD ME ANYTHING! WE DON'T HAVE IT" and walked away.  A few minutes later, she returned and said to him, "Did you bring cake? I don't know what you were talking about."  He then told her "Well, if you stuck around for 5 more seconds I could have told you that I did not bring anything and I was asking about any type of desert, and not a cake."  She then brings out a slice of weird-tasting cheesecake with a lit candle.  As everyone was fed up with the crappy service, and no longer wanted to stick around, I asked for our bills, and she said that she would have to ask her manager to do that.  We waited nearly half an hour, and had to ask her at least three more times. Granted, we were a big party, but rude service is unacceptable, whether it's a party of two, or twenty.  It's not good for your business!  The food was bland, and for the price of items on the menu, we expected better quality, as well as fresh sushi/food.  I do NOT recommend Sushi Lounge in Totowa to any one.  Spend your money else where, where you will probably find better quality service, and better quality of food for the money you will be spending.  The only good thing this place has going is the decor.
