I have some favorite moments in my life that are not matched by any others. The days my children were born, the day I married my husband and today, the day I discovered Sandra's Next Generation.   I have never written a Yelp review and I always find something negative about places that I go to eat. However, there is not one thing that I could say that would be negative about Sandra's, except that they are in New Haven, Connecticut and I am in New Hampshire. Our server was Miguel and he could not of been more patient, welcoming, nice  and helpful. I had never had soul food and everything on the menu looked amazing. I asked him his favorites which he told me and did not mind when I asked again and again and again and asked him what he would choose. There was a special on the menu of Caribbean rice with chicken and muscles. It sounded interesting. When I asked Miguel about it, he offered to bring us out a sample. The four of us shared it and it was amazing! All of our eyes lit up when we realized that the food, if all of that was as good as this rice, was going to be outstanding. We placed our orders and waited for the food to arrive. While we were waiting we were given cornbread! One bite and it was heaven! There was a light coating of butter on top and it was the best cornbread I've ever had in my life.  We were even given seconds. Then the food arrived! The plates were heaping and the food was hot and fresh. I had the candied yams, the Caribbean rice  and barbecue ribs. All I can say is it is the best meal I have ever eaten in my life! My husband had the fried chicken smothered in gravy with rice, macaroni and cheese and green beans and my daughter and her husband both had fried chicken with two sides. We just kept looking at each other with smiles and delight and could not stop commenting on how wonderful the food was. We were all in total agreement! When Miguel came to clear our plates we had all finished every drop of food on our plates! They may have been huge but the food was too good to leave any to waste. If you are in the New Haven area, or going to be visiting, this is a must eat at place. A great family run business that has a great atmosphere, is clean, everyone that works there was very friendly and the food was amazing! You will not be disappointed.
