My family and I went there the other week for my father's birthday.  I heard a lot of mixed reviews about the restaurant but was still dying to try it.   We were a group of 10 people and when we arrived our table was all ready for us.  The restaurant is on the smaller side and I felt like our table took up the whole restaurant, but we didn't care.  Our server, was Beth, who made the night fun and made my father the focus of the night and had him really enjoying himself and laughing (which is really hard to do because at his age he has become very critical of everything).   The waitress suggested we get a bunch of appetizers to share for the table.  We ended up getting a bunch of appetizer samplers, which were okay.  Some were on the drier side and others had too much sauce.  They really weren't anything special but we were hungry so we finished everything. After the appetizers, we were served a house salad that wasn't much, but tasty.  For dinner, the majority of the table got steaks.  I got the Delmonico with Garlic and Butter which was cooked perfectly !!  The waitress suggested we get a bunch of appetizers to do family style which was a great idea because the portions were a good portion considering the price ($2).  My sister in law got a pasta dish that was really on the dry side, but that was fixed immediately by more sauce being brought out.  We tried a bunch of different sides like, Garlic Mash Potatoes, Risotto, Sweet Potato Fries, Asparagus, and more.  Everything was great !! At the end of dinner, the waitresses came out with a Giant Piece of Cake with a candle and sang to my father.  I was very nervous at this point because he isn't the type of guy who would like something like this, especially since I did not ask for anyone to sing to him.  Thankfully it was done in good taste and he loved it.  They wrote Happy Birthday on little wafer cookies which I thought was a good touch. We ended the night with a drink at the bar. We couldn't really stay too long because the bar was crowded and there was no where to sit or stand.  Overall it was a great night and I will definitely be back again..hopefully for my birthday !!
