Almost 5 stars except for a slight service issue which I wasn't but my wife was - a bit annoyed, more later. We were there 3/26/09 Thursday night at 6pm. Atmosphere - there is a calmness here and no real hype from the time one walks in until leaving. In other words, there isn't a overly friendly vibe but you feel that you are coming into a restaurant to eat and not be BFF with the staff. My prior experience here a month ago was as a solo diner at the bar. The staff again friendly enough without being annoying. The big plus here is that one can converse without raising voices. There is no blaring, annoying music and the acoustics of the place dim other conversations quite well. We sat at the 2-top right next to the last banquette.  4 of 5 for the atmosphere. Food - no doubt this is a place where the food is the star. And the choices are interesting enough without being too simplistic or too over-the-top. Like the atmosphere, there is a balance and it comes off quite well. Appetizers - we had the Red Romaine and Fava Bean salad with an interesting almond vinaigrette. The second appy was the diver scallops. The whisper of sauce that accompanied the scallops was quite good. Entrees - we went with the Black Trumpet and Sheep's Milk Gnudi (my wife proclaimed "excellent") with a nice accompaniment of veggies. I had the Hanger Steak rare with the spinach. Mine was quite good as well. The red shallot puree was a nice balance with the flavor of the steak. Dessert: The online menu advised that the donuts were served with maple and chocolate. However, the printed menu had coconut. I'm not a fan of coconut - so I had the chocolate torte which was slightly warm and quite delicious! Food: 5 of 5 - serving sizes were appropriate and well balanced. Downside - it was a landmark B-D (50) and my wife wanted my dessert to come with a candle - but we had a server change about mid-way through the meal due to a large party being seated next to us. No biggie for me - but she had to resort to "don't sweat the small stuff". Overall - quite good and worth a visit - we don't drink but the drinks looked really good and the wine list looked extensive. Pellagrino is the bottled water.
