We thought we would give this place a try on the recommendation of some friends that enjoyed their previous visit. So we all decided to go back together as a group of 4 on a Friday night. We arrived at 6:30 to find the parking lot full butt the restaurant was empty. We were promptly seated and given menus but not asked if we wanted drinks. It took quite a while for our waiter to come and check on us and he didn't ask about drinks either...strange because what restaurant doesn't want to sell you beer/wine/liquor. So we had to flag him down to ask to order drinks. When he came back with drinks he almost walked away without asking if we were ready to order after having the menus for 15 minutes... So we had to catch him again to place our orders. It took quite a while for our appetizer order to come out and not once did he check on a refill of my beer which was long gone or anyone else at the table that needed a refill.  We ended up asking the girl who sets the tables to place a drink order for us. This was pretty much the trend the whole night.....SLOW service. The appetizer of sautéed calamari was average at best, good fra diavolo sauce but rubbery calamari. It took 1 hour 15 minutes for our entrees to arrive after ordering. I had a the filet mignon with peppercorn sauce which was either previously frozen or not as fresh as it should be..it was almost gamey not buttery smooth pure steak flavor as good filets are, definitely not worth the $30 price tag. It was small even for a filet and they had it held together with a wooden skewer to make it keep its shape. I will, and have, spent more on a good filet...but this was not. My wife had the swordfish...again not worth the almost $30. It was very fishy smelling and tasting and very oily, and not from the additional oil/sauce that it is served in. Definitely not as fresh as it should have been. she took a few bites and couldn't eat anymore. We would have sent it back if we had another hour to wait for a replacement. The other two in our party had chicken parmigiana which I will admit was pretty good and it was a huge serving. But let's be real, how can you screw up chicken parm. The other had stuffed sole, I think, which she said was good. So, like other reviewers have said, this place seems to be a hit or miss but  3 out of 5 dishes being served being less than good that is not a good average in my book. Many people called this "authentic" and yes maybe it is...right down to the decor that is classic Italian restaurant. Good thing we had a restaurants.com discount so it made this place worth a try, but I don't think I will be returning. You can get better Italian from many other places. Definitely not what I expected from the "Little Italy" section Hartford.
