Yelp me out here... I've never had a Vietnamese Sandwich... I can't even pronounce Bahn Mi...I have had several now thanks to JoJu. The location is great.. just right off the Elmhurst R,M train station and up about 2 blocks.  The bad thing is a gem of a place such as this gets lost in the crowd.  There are alot of restaurants there but I can't even think of a place that has Vietnamese Sandwiches in the neighborhood. The staff is attentive and makes fine suggestions.  I had their chicken with lemongrass as my very first Bahn Mi and it was very tasty to my delight.  I think this sandwich is great for a summer meal - no grease and very light.  Light as in it won't sit in your stomach like a rock and it's a pretty big sandwich. I washed it down with an iced vietnamese coffee... i love vietnamese coffee because it tastes like espresso - coffee with a hint of chocolate. For my second and third sandwich i had the Beef Bulgogi and Grilled Pork Chop... i had it at the same time as i had split two sandwiches with the missus. (not on the same occasion as my first sandwich)... Those were excellent also. I washed those down with an Iced Black Tea with Milk and coffee jelly.  that's my favorite. i hate bubble/tapioca... the jelly doesn't crowd up my stomach like the bubble does.  I only wished they had a "large!" It's nice to hang out for bit there to eat before going on your mery way.  They have free wifi... provided only if you're a customer. In terms of decor is what you'd expect to find in a place like this. Some asian inspired looks along with a bench running the entire wall with simple tables and chairs - it is befitting for this type of establishment. I'm a stickler for clean bathrooms and this one is clean... I hate asian restaurants with nasty bathrooms.. and you know what i'm talking about. If you're in the neighborhood or just looking for a nice place with great Vietnamese sandwiches JoJu's is awesome!  For less than 10 bucks you'd fill your tummy with food and drink!
