Yeah, I'm going on record. This is pretty much my favorite restaurant of all time. We love to visit NYC, and always eat at Junior's. "But it's the restaurant capital of the world!" I hear you shout at your computer/phone (just go with it). "Try out some other places!"  We tell ourselves the same thing. Then we get off the bus, see the bright orange awning, and are powerless to resist. We know it's got a great atmosphere. We know the food is going to be delicious. It's like home now. Atmosphere: Yeah, technically it's a Times Square tourist trap. But it doesn't *feel* like it. It's--well, homey, like a neighborhood diner. The music (American standards), and the Brooklyn-themed murals are nifty and set a nice mood. Food: Just after you sit down, in lieu of a bread basket you get pickles, slaw, and beets. I don't like beets, but the pickles and slaw are ace (very vinegary, though, and not to everyone's taste--more for me!). I've gotten many different dishes at Junior's, and never wished I'd chosen something else. At its heart, Junior's is a traditional Jewish delicatessen, and you can definitely see that (their deli sandwiches are divine--and the matzo ball soup...). But they have a lot of different types of dishes to choose from, and everything (in my experience) has been completely boss. I think my favorite is the grilled ham and cheese on challah. Maybe. The burgers are pretty fantastic. Their prices are decent, too--considering the area and the portion size (on the larger side). Their breakfast is great as well (try an omelet). My only (minor) complaint would be that out of all their dishes that you would expect to come with french fries (e.g., a roast beef sandwich), only about half actually do. This is not reflected in the price. And ordering fries separately adds up. The cheesecake (yes, it gets its own paragraph): Much has been written about this legend among desserts. There's not a lot I can say that hasn't already been said, but it certainly lives up to its sizable reputation. My one problem is that it has ruined all other cheesecake for me. TL;DR: Go to Junior's.
