We dined here last night as a party of four. We booked in person one month in advance and took a 9:30 reservation. We each ordered an appetizer,then each couple ordered a pasta to split (two pasta dishes in total),followed by four main dinners. In total 4 appetizer's, 2 primi's and 4 secondi's. The appetizer's came out and were good. Next came the two orders of pasta which each couple was to split themselves. in the time it took for the waiter to place the pasta down out came our 4 dinners.The waiter tried to place them down on the table but we quickly refused the dishes.He was stunned and we asked for our waiter to come over.He came over and stated that there was a miscommunication and asked if we wanted the main course. Our reply was to return them to the kitchen and make them after we finished our pasta course. The pasta was room temperature. The dinners were not made fresh but held in the kitchen until we were ready for them. there wasn't even enough room at the table to place everything down. We ordered cocktails and two bottles of wine totaling a bar tab over $250.00. It came to $360.00 per couple. As we prepared to leave I asked for the manager and told him the events of our dinner. He said he was right there when the dinners were delivered and it was a miscommunication. They would have freshly remade the dinners but we accepted them. We asked for the dinners to be taken away and made fresh when we were ready for them.He also stated that they serve family style and this is common place for Locanda Verde. We did not see it printed on the menu that service was family style.He was no help at all. With a dissatisfied customer a manager's task is to make it right not give excuses and blame the customer. He said he knew it occurred. He should have stepped in immediately and not have waited to the end of the meal and done nothing. I have given gift cards here for family members and will no longer waste my money on this restaurant that does not value their customers. We will never spend another dollar at Locanda Verde.
