Rating: 2.5/4 stars Price: 2/4 forks Wednesday Morning, Albert and I stopped by Maison Mathis (very conveniently located in the middle of campus) to grab breakfast.  The decor is very pleasant and the restaurant has always smelled delightfully of pastries and coffee whenever I've been inside.  They are definitely going for a chic European look, and I think they've achieved that.  There are many tables and benches on which people frequently do work or chat, leading to a casual (but slighlty more upscale) coffeeshop vibe. Ordering food is slightly confusing.  We had a hard time parsing out the menu and not knowing French certainly didn't help.  We didn't order pastries or waffles, but these stations are inconveniently located away from the main registers, meaning that you have to remember your orders.  We both ordered coffees while I got a mushroom and goat cheese omelette and Albert got a sandwich with eggs, avocado, tomato, and horseradish aioli.  Mine came (unexpectedly) with a side salad and potatoes while Albert ordered a side of potatoes and a side of ham.  Both of our bills came out to around $11, which we felt was quite reasonable. The restaurant is "fast casual," meaning that we placed our orders at the counter and then took a seat.  We started sipping our coffees while we waited and were very pleasantly surprised.  Neither one of us considers ourselves to be a "coffee enthusiast," but we felt the flavor was better than we'd had at other local coffee shops.  Our food was out incredibly quickly (less than five minutes) and was hot and fresh. The omelette wasn't overcooked and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the mushrooms still had some bite to them.  I didn't know that there would be sunflower seeds mixed in as well, but they gave it a nice texture.  It would have been nice if the cheese were a little more evenly distributed, but it was tasty and the salt helped the otherwise slightly-underseasoned eggs.  The salad was simple mixed greens with a tasty balsamic dressing.  I would have liked the dressing to be nixed, but there wasn't too much of it so it was okay.  Albert and I both loved the potatoes.  They weren't fried, but rather quite moist and slightly spicy, so they livened up the whole dish. Albert's sandwich was large and well-filled.  The bread was crusty and not stale and the fillings complemented each other nicely.  Unfortunately, the side of ham was unceremoniously presented and lacking in flavor. Overall, we were very happy with our experience.  The staff was pleasant and the vibe comfortable.  We would definitely return.  We're curious about their dinner menu (the place is frequently busy around that time).
