I can say that the 90 minutes spent in this restaurant was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever encountered. The first time I was at this restaurant I received an overall pleasant experience; however this past saturday night was a completely regrettable experience. It started off with our food running well behind schedule. The tables adjacent to us were seated after us and had already made a decent attempt at finishing their food, all while we were still waiting. And then the waitress returned telling us that they were out of pulled pork, at which point a member of my party agreeably decided that he would go with brisket instead. Ten minutes later the waitress returned again, this time more apologetically, telling us that they were out of brisket as well. She said that they did at least have chicken and ribs. The same individual, this time more disappointed but still understanding, said he would take the ribs. Finally the food came, but this was not an experience to be delighted at. When my chicken sandwich came, not only was it such a small portion that it appeared to be cut in half- but the fries were cool and mushy. I am usually not a picky individual, but at this point in the dinner it was just a sad and pathetic excuse for overpriced and subpar BBQ food. The waitress asked how the food was, and I truthfully told her that my food was considerably cold, at which point she apologetically said that it would be taken off the bill. Fast forward to the bill. Any reasonable individual would assume that when the check came, we would have been charged for the original meal: which was the pulled pork platter, and not the THIRD choice, which were dry and burnt ribs. Also, I expected the chicken sandwich to be taken off. INSTEAD, we were overcharged for the rib platter- a difference of over $7, and the chicken sandwich was NOT taken off. I asked to speak to the manager about reducing the price of the rib platter, at which point he displayed a stark unprofessional and condescending attitude. He literally shrugged his shoulders and informed us that "we could have picked something else cheaper," as if they had the first two things that we had ordered, both of which WERE cheaper.   In the end, we received a friends and family discount, and the price of the ribs were reduced to that of the pulled pork entree (about a $10 savings, less than the cost of either of our entrees). What makes this situation even worse is that I called the next day to discuss our unfortunate experience with the manager- thinking that they would want it on the record to discuss improvements to the restaurant and use it for handling situations in the future. Not only did the manager imply that i was lying, but he blatantly denied his reaction the previous night and told me that they did in fact have brisket, and that he had taken over 20$ off of our bill- which was was a flat out lie. The unprofessionalism, rudeness, and disregard for the customer was unlike anything I have ever encountered at an establishment of business. Even McDonalds has better customer service than what we received that evening. So if you go to Baby Blue's- and they have your food and bring it out in a timely manner, enjoy. But if you experience any discrepancy or lack in quality and attempt to discuss it with a manager, BEWARE. It's a lost cause. You'll just end up leaving disrespected and robbed.
