Last night I threw a party for twenty people at the Butcher Bar to celebrate my lovely lady's 27th birthday. Chef Matthew and his fantastic staff went above and beyond to make sure that our evening was outstanding in every conceivable way. Matthew and his co-partner Kathy worked with me at every step of the planning process and were just as enthusiastic about having us as we were to be there. They were warm, welcoming and extremely generous. Their kitchen and service staff were super friendly and did a wonderful job organizing and facilitating our revelry. Not only that, but the cost for our party was beyond reasonable. Now the food. Ladies and gentlemen I have worked many years in high end food service and I'm originally from the South. I know my food and service, especially as it pertains to soul food and barbecue. And let me tell you, this place has the goods in spades. Every single thing that came out of that kitchen, from the 30lb roasted suckling pig, to the slider appetizers to the macaroni and cheese to the green beans to the cornbread was absolutely top notch. The pork was some of the best I've ever had and man, I have eaten a lot of delicious pork in my life.   The reason that the food was so good, is because Chef Matthew and his staff genuinely care about the quality of it. All their meats are expertly sourced and as natural/free-range/local/pasture-raised/organic/­grass-fed as possible. It's a choice you can absolutely taste. Not only that, but they go to great lengths to make sure that each dish's preparation is perfectly executed. Taking such care honors the food, it honors the restaurant and it honors its patrons. It's truly an exemplary, forward-thinking operation and one that Astoria is very lucky to have. Not only are they an excellent full service restaurant, but they're also a full service butcher. It's next to impossible to find good meat (aside from fish) here in Astoria and thank god we have a place now that provides us with natural meats that aren't fucking poisonous to our bodies. Do yourself a favor and go to the Butcher Bar. Give them your business. Do it often. Become a regular. I certainly plan to. Our lives will be better for it.
