Breeders Club of America-Middleton NJ (Buyers Beware)   Specifics Date of Purchase-09/12/13   Names of employees we spoke to-Jennifer & Veronica Price of purchase-$2901.19 (Dog, Vet Warranty, Cage, Freight and handling charge, tax, food & vitamins) payment via AMEX Breed-French Bulldog   Phone Number-732-706-3444 to give you an overview of the situation- My wife called Breeders Club of America in Middletown, NJ on Thurs at 4 pm ,She asked specifically for a Boston Terrier Dog, Jennifer replied "We have 4"  Our family drove 2 hours in traffic to the store and asked to see the Boston Terrier's we just called about- Jennifer said "You won't believe it but we sold em in the last 2 hours" So now I have my 2 & 7 year old sons going gaga over all the dogs, Jennifer explains, how about a French Bulldog, very similar to the BT.. we explained we just drove 2 hours and our price range was $800 to $1200..She comes back with a price of $4000.00- we then pull her aside and say our 2 kids have been looking at video's of BT dogs and we are now in a bad position as they have their heart set on leaving with the BT dog- I also explain my 7 year old son Marco is autistic and is now crying and anxious that we are leaving without the puppy. As we're about to leave with 2 crying kids she says "How about $2200 all in" Being a parent I felt cornered and agreed to the purchase as Marco was hyperventilating and my 2 year old Dominick was crying as he noticed how upset Marco was.. So now the fun begins.. I explain that we drove all this way and I would agree to the purchase for my kids-so they quickly rambled through a 5 page contract and had me quickly initial & sign all pages, they next ask for my Amex and SWIPE it and the total comes to $2951.19- I ask "what are the add'l charges"- They Say, "6 month initial mandatory VET fee-$99.00 and $60.00 handling fee"- I asked why didn't they explain that and they answered "it's standard in all our contracts"- At this point with 2 crying kids, thunder & lightening, I sign the AMEX receipt and leave.. This morning (09/13/13)10 hours after purchase my 7 year old wakes up at 6 am with swollen eyes and coughing. I pack up everything and drive back to the store that opens at 11 am-I explain my story in detail and show her pictures of my son and also offer to help promote the sale of the dog/ The manager or owner of the store who was so nice the day before says "We can't do nothing- it's in the contract, store credit only" I said, I can't use a store credit as my son is obviously allergic and I don't want to take another chance, I also said "Why wouldn't you tell the clients you can't return the dog?"  She persists and says "either it's store credit or take the dog, if you leave the dog I'll call the police, you can't by law leave the dog here" She then takes my contract and brings in the back office and locks the door.. Rather than make a scene or call the cops I took the store credit which clearly says "Not Transferable" We called for a copy of our contract and they will not give it to us. We did some further research and found out the puppy had 2 surgeries at birth and has an under bite which they never spoke about but I'm sure buried it in the 5 page contract. I now have my attorney involved which found NUMEROUS complaints about this company's scams & complaints. Rest assured I'll make sure no future honest people will be taken advantage of.   I feel deceived, and after now reading all the consumer complaints I feel even worse.  (Links Below) Links to complaints below (American Puppy Club) ripoffreport.com/r/Ameri… consumeraffairs.com/pets… meetup.com/FAUNNJ/events… complaintsboard.com/comp…
