The dining scene (if you can even call it that) in Long Island City is absolutely abysmal. Certainly the neighborhood has its gems, but generally speaking, the town is painted mediocre with mediocre all over. LIC Market is one of those gems. With its opening nearly two years ago, Chef Alex Schindler and his team have introduced this culinary wasteland to food worthy of a so-called "up and coming neighborhood." The fare is incredibly fresh and thoughtfully sourced, innovative but not gimmicky, and impeccably executed. The service is refreshingly knowledgeable and professional, yet unpretentious and friendly. A warm and inviting space, featuring cleverly re-purposed materials, designed by Lisa DiClerico Studio, rounds out an always lovely experience. I cannot count the number of times I have been here on an abacus. 7:00am, Monday morning - my caffeine withdrawal headache has already kicked in and I'm certainly not walking all the way to Sweetleaf for a decent cup of coffee. Tost Cafe? God, no. Kitchen Door? Hah! The fair-trade, organic black gold served at LIC Market is roasted locally and rivals that of any shop profiled on NYT's Ristretto column. Ask Sam to make your latte; my goodness, that boy makes a good latte. Come early enough, and you'll get your baked-in-house croissant right out of the oven; complete with the highly sought after "shatter effect," its crisp, dark amber crust yields to reveal the buttery tenderness characteristic of a great croissant. Simple pleasures. Also notable at breakfast: Sausage and Onions Sandwich, hangover cure. Irish Oatmeal, for the cold winter morning. Monday through Friday, hoards of business suits from one block east arrive holding hands, hungry for lunch right at noon. After a browse through the lunch menu, which always features great seasonal specials, it is easy to understand LIC Market's popularity. Vegetarians, selective vegetarians, fifth level vegans, picky-eaters, carnivores - all seem welcome here. I've had just about the entire lunch menu. Favorite sandwich, BLT; favorite salad, Ricotta and Pignoli. Service is lunch-quick and they offer delivery, or just get take-out. Kudos to the cooks - in what looks like a 10ft x 10ft kitchen, there are up to five men working hard to feed dozens hungry people. OKAY. I'm giving LIC Market's burger its own paragraph, because it deserves its own paragraph. Quite honestly, I did not expect to find my favorite burger in New York in Long Island City, of all places. This part of town has a running list of lousy burgers, largely because LIC Market has set the bar high. The blend of beef used provides for optimal flavor and texture. The patty is properly seasoned and seared to achieve a beautiful crust, while maintaining a perfect medium rare temperature. The flavor is well rounded - full and juicy upon first taste with a wonderfully clean finish, a sign of incredibly fresh meat. Sharp cheddar, tomato, greens, aioli, and a delightfully chewy bun complement this feat of meat-and-bun greatness. Being a jaded New Yorker, I'm just over brunch, but the brunch at LIC Market is hands down the most popular in town; and you'll find me in line with the rest of them. Bullseye eggs are a perpetual favorite, and they always have an awesome frittata on the menu. The shirred eggs, baked in green lentils with chorizo and manchego cheese are outstanding, as are the buttermilk pancakes. Mr. Schindler's talent shines through in the dishes composed at dinner; a well-curated wine and beer list complements the food well. More than breakfast, lunch and brunch, the menu is heavily seasonal and allows diners to enjoy the best of what mother nature has to offer. Recent favorites include spaghetti with octopus and chorizo, foie gras (if this turns you off, please get out of here with your liver politics and take them to California) with bacon marmalade and olives, and anything done with seafood. The recent of addition of truffled fried potatoes to the menu are a revelation in tuber cookery. Shout outs to the staff who make LIC Market so lovely, who remember which wine you drank last week and call you by name. They're all-stars. Just go and make sure you ask Chef Alex to sign a copy of his Edible Queens cover. You'll be glad you did.
