SO DISAPPOINTED!! My friends and I came here today for brunch to celebrate a birthday. The Hostess and Bartender were so nice and professional and the wait for the table of 4 was maybe 20 minutes. We sat down and eventually ordered our food, the waitress was all right but you could tell she was working a lot of tables and trying to accommodate everyone, so when she forgot something it was not a big deal. It came time for the bill, which came out to $92.00. I handed the waitress (Nicole) 2 Twenty Dollar Bills, 2 Five Dollar Bills, and 8 Singles in total $58.00 in cash (which I counted out loud THREE times) and told our waitress to place the remaining $34.00 on my card.  When she handed me the receipt to sign she charged my card $54.00 dollars which was incorrect. I assumed maybe there was a misunderstanding so I informed the waitress about the bill. The waitress (Nicole) said I only gave her 1 Twenty Dollar Bill, 2 Five Dollar Bills and Eight Singles, she was almost arguing with me before she went back to check how much I initially gave her. TEN MINUTES go by and we're just waiting at our table until a guy comes over does not introduce himself and says, "there appears to be a discrepancy with the bill"...Yes, because where is the 20 Dollars that I gave you guys. We tried to tell him what happened but its as if he ignores what we said and then gets defensive and says to us " YOU ONLY GAVE HER (waitress) 1 Twenty Dollar Bill, 3 Five Dollar Bills(Now its three 5's and no singles?), YOU GUYS WANNA GET UP TO CHECK TO SEE IF YOU DROPPED THE MONEY ON THE FLOOR OR SOMETHING". At this point my friends and I become upset and then we ask for the Manager, and he informs us His name is BLAIR and he's the Manager. A proper Manager is supposed to uphold certain standards of the restaurant and ensure customers do not leave the restaurant with a negative experience. After I say I've never experienced this type of service I'm never returning, he goes "OK!" and walks away. A friend of mine stops the Waitress to ask her what happened she replies "well I don't know I counted $38.00, sorry" smiles and walks away nonchalantly. As we're leaving totally upset, another friend of mine asks BLAIR (THE MANAGER), "What kind of service is this and aren't the customer always right?" BLAIR responds "In certain instances".  The Manager does provide a mediocre apology for what he said to us at the table, after we stated we we're offended. The Manager then begins to argue with my friend (A Paying Customer), and says to us "IF IT'S THAT BIG A DEAL I'LL GIVE YOU THE MONEY OUT OF MY POCKET...BECAUSE I GOT IT LIKE THAT?" The money so rudely offered came out of his POCKET, was the exact missing amount of money in the exact fashion, which I initially handed the waitress....you can be the judge on that. Also, then the Manager and proceeds to tell us to NOT COME BACK! Never have I ever been so mistreated in an establishment. I really wanted to support this place, because the food is good and the overall vibe of the place is mellow and kind of relaxing. But, the situation could've been addressed in a different way if the MANAGER would've listened to the customer instead of coming to our table with a one-sided point of view. Overall the MANAGER BLAIR and WAITRESS NICOLE left my friends and I with a terrible feeling of being disrespected, we will not EVER be returning!
