What can I say?  Well, let's see.  I stopped by with a friend on a Friday Night.  The place was packed, the food smelled good.  I didn't like the fact that we were a bit confused where to go, being that the take out line was right at the entrance. Anyway, we were told we would be seated in 20-30 minutes.  Really? Ok, we'll wait.  It was almost 9.  I remembered the time of 9:35p when were finally seated.  Their menu was kind of sparse.  But enticing enough.  Our server was friendly but not focused.  She was all over the place.  But she came and finally took our order, around 9:50p.  The reason why I know the time so well is because I wanted to eat a nice dinner before having to drive to work at 10:30p.   I ordered the shrimp/coconut rice and some type of fish dish.  Both forgettable.  And I ordered a soda.  Which she brought in a can.  No glass.  No straw.  No biggie- I'll just ask for it.  My friend ordered- I don't remember, but he just got an entrée. The time now is 10:35pm.  Sodas are done. The appetizer is a no show. After, speaking to my waitress a total of 3 or 4 times, I waived her down and told her that I was leaving.  I thought the place had an adequate amount of time to make even my sole appetizer. I knew I wasn't going to have enough time to eat my entire dinner- but I never ate anything because it never came! Surprisingly while getting up from my cramped table, they assured me that all of our dishes were on there way.  Too late, I had to go to work!  While getting ready to pay for our sodas- they bagged our food and didn't charge us.  No consolation.  The appetizer was not what I imagined.  And I eventually gave my dog the rest of my entrée.  This is all true.  The food was not as good as if perhaps eating it in the place.  No, I had to try and salvage their late, plus cold meal, in to-go containers to boot! It wasn't worth it. It's just a memory now.  I haven't been back since.  Nothing propels me to try again- maybe if someone is treating- but I'm not missing anything. FOOD: Late, so-so, cold, sloppy. SERVICE:  Is that her over there, I don't remember how she looks DÉCOR:  Well lit- but cramped in some areas.
