I'd like to make something pretty clear here. 'Yelp' is an excellent forum for people to bash a restaurant based on one experience. Granted, sometimes it is deserved, but more often not. All in all I had a great experience at Morini, and I believe it deserves five stars, based on food, service, atmosphere. -- Well done Mr. White! Full disclaimer, I'd read review here and on MenuPages.com, and I was a little underwhelmed by the reviews. But having read the menu posted on the latter, was actually pretty excited about my foray. I showed up about five minutes late, and the host ushered me to my party. Along the way, making me feel warm and welcome. Front of house smelled good and there was that happy bustle you come to love from places that do what they do well. The menu was well designed and made me desire to try lots of dishes. So we did -- five of them! I'd say that all were very well done too! Having been told the food is over salted and over buttered, I really can not find fault with that, as some pastas do use lots of brown butter. I won't describe every dish, but will tell a tale of the Porchetta... the outer skin was crisped to porcine perfection and as luck would have it for me, my dinner 'food friend' let me have all the fat! Yes it was that good! Like spreadable lardo. I'm still thinking about it! The balance of the meal coved all ranges of flavors, so if you order around and share, you are in for a pleasant treat. There is richness and depth, maybe a bit to rich for some, but I am looking forward to gout. The wine list is extensive and has lots of variety within the Romagna Region. There were a 'superioré' list of reasonably priced wines. Enough to go overboard a bit. The glasses are well pared for the setting and just made good sense -- not stemmed, but in central Italy, you see if you will get a 'stemmed glass'. Our server and the wine manager, were affable and both knew their wines (when a wait person, knows this, I find you are generally in pretty good hands... more about her later) In fairness we did not order desert as neither of us are big desert eaters. But I can say with a degree of certainty. That if Mr. White's staff does to desert, what they do to dinner, you'd not be disappointed. Back to our wait person, she was a lot of fun (bookish glasses and some tattoos on her right knuckles, can not remember her name -- Allegra I think-- but look for her), and I personally felt a part of her night. She was efficient and attentive to us from afar... Perhaps the only service hiccup was the bus boy who was a little to anxious to clear the table while we were still eating. Having mentioned it to her in passing, she caught on right away and took care of us without him for the rest of the night. SHE DESERVED ALL OF HER TIP!!! I will look for her next time, and I suggest you do as well as she is really a gem in NYC. FAULTS and they were minor, was the over zealous busboy, which is easy for the house to fix, by letting him slow down a bit. And if I really had to split hairs, the bread was so so. I would have liked something a bit more rustic for the rustic food of Romagna. I mentioned to our waitperson that on MenuPages a dish was listed that I wanted to try... "Frattaglia sweetbread and duck heart ragu, passito, strichetti pasta for  $18.00". It was not on the menu. I was looking forward, but it's absence tells me that the menu turns over quickly (and that keeps a great restaurant continually fresh). It's absence did not disappoint as the food really was a treat. A suggestion would be for the menu to on MenuPages.com would be to update it a bit more frequently Now this is not cheap, figure in the same range as a meal out at Balthazar. But you get what you pay for and it is made and served with pride. It is NYC and dinner as sport is as costly as litigation. The meal was truly worth it. There are better Italian's but they come with larger tabs. STARS. 4.5 FOOD (since we did not have desert so no way to tell) 6.0 SERVICE (Allegra was that good) 4.5 atmosphere (noisy because of brick, but I could hear everyone clearly without raising my voice)
