I'm giving this location two stars because the food is somewhat redeeming, though not entirely. I rate it only as two stars because their staff is pretty bad, and their management is even worse. The food just isn't worth the wait on a weekend. During the week when you don't need to fight crowds or wait 1.75 hours for a table? Sure. But when they're packed  (as they are during brunch hours every weekend), their staff seems overwhelmed to the point that getting any attention for things like straws or coffee refills is a struggle.  And the food's just not that outstanding to make it worth it.  I'd call it overrated, generally. And don't expect their management to show any level of professionalism if you have an issue, where, for example, you and your family are seated next to four loud, obnoxious, offensive young men in the tiny three-table tin-lined room in the back who completely ruin your casual dining experience by cursing, using offensive language, hitting on the waitresses, and laughing and screeching at ridiculous volumes.  The situation should have been fairly obvious to the staff, but given that they're so busy and inattentive, especially in the back room where there's only three tables, I had to get up and bring it to their attention without causing a scene, myself. By that point, so much time had gone by that moving either the obnoxious foursome or my party would have been pointless. We pretty much got excuses from the manager (who essentially told us it was our fault for not letting anyone know sooner), and didn't so much as offer complimentary coffee after knowing that we'd endured their unruly patrons throughout our entire meal. Basically, she admitted that the group was bad enough to ruin our brunch but basically said, "sorry, tough luck."  I realize that a restaurant/cafe only has so much control over the behavior of its patrons, but it also should be generally cognizant of what's going on around its tables and should be willing to offer some sort of acknowledgement when their customers' experience has been ruined by other folks in the cafe. I'm not expecting fine dining, but In a place like that I am at least expecting that I won't be made to feel completely uncomfortable sitting next my 66-year-old parents when eating brunch. Members of a party should be able to talk to each other across the table without having to scream, and if we can't, someone at the restaurant really needs to take some level of responsibility. Bottom line: food was ok, huge portions, but not worth the wait. Their management could use an attitude adjustment, some education in dealing with the fallout of unruly customers, and an overhaul of just their general manner in dealing with the paying public.  They also need more staff during busy times, as their current staff, while seemingly earnest, are too overwhelmed. After about a half dozen brunch visits there over the years and particularly considering the way the patron issue was dealt with today, I won't be bringing my family back, nor will I be recommending this place to friends.
