I came with my boyfriend tonight to enjoy a little Colombian food this side of Bogota. We had heard great things about the place and were eager to try it out. With all the great reviews we were sure this was going to be a wonderful meal. Tonight we finally got the chance since work was slow for both of us. It being a Wednesday summer night and all we figured we would just do the walk-in thing. When we got there, there was no one at the stand (which was odd), but we just chilled out and waited. It seemed like a nice enough place and all. Think Lower Eastside sheek paired with tacky TGIF. It seemed a little forced & a little dusty, but no big deal we weren't here to stair at the walls. We wanted some great chicharron, aji, and empanadas. Decor shmacor. Never the less the host soon arrived. He was pleasant enough and told us it would be about 15 minutes for a table. I asked if they had a garden and he said there was a patio and he would do his best to get us out there. So we sat in there weird cocktail area to wait. I say weird because it was like right there but there wasn't a server or waitress or anything to help us out. The host gave us a drink menu to look through and me and the hubby picked out a mojito for me and a frozen margarita for him. Simple straight to the point drinks where could we go wrong. I WILL TELL YOU WHERE. Who in this day and age serves the crappiest alcohol gussied up with some fresh limes and mint. Do you think people can't taste garbage liquor? While I can. It wouldn't be a big deal if the drinks were cheaper, but really $19 plus tax and tip! My man said his was fine on the liquor side, but said it tasted waaaaay too much like the crappy sour mix you find at the local beer slinging joints. Any way we moved past this. We wanted some food and luckily a table on the "patio" had opened up.  We were lead "outside" to the "patio". Oh I see you noticed all the quotation marks. So OUTSIDE is really just another room inside and PATIO means warm concrete box with disgusting gunky roof sitting on dollar folding chairs and in front of flimsy folding tables. We (and everyone around us) were by no means outside. We were just seated at crappy patio furniture INSIDE. I don't understand why you would say their was an outdoor seating area if in fact there wasn't? Whats wrong with saying we will take you to our backroom. Whatever!?!?! So there we are and we can't even hear ourselves think let alone talk to each other. There was a big table and OOOHHHHH could these ladies yammer. They were beyond loud. You would think they had never dined out beyond a high school cafeteria. And the way they spoke to the staff was embarrassing. They treated their waiter like he was a child. He just smiled and nodded. You could see he was agitated, but he kept his mouth shut and just kept on trying to be hospitable. While we were sitting there pondering what kind of weird latin world we had stumbled into our waitress came. She was also getting berated by the table, but seemed to brush it off. She gave us some water, plantain chips, and showed us their Aji sauce for the chips. She then pointed out some items on the menu that were popular. Honestly, I could barely hear her. While she was going through her schtick, a table that had been seated after us flagged down the waiter, the poor guy taking care of the loud mouths, and obviously asked to move "inside". So here we were. What on earth had happened? Me and the man just wanted a nice night out. Instead we were seated inside on crappy patio furniture, drinking garbage liquor, at PS XXX listening to the gossip of who knows what. Gosh darnit we were going to enjoy this rare night out together!!!!! (WOO SAAA). And the woo saa paid off There was a lull. The ladies quieted for a moment and for nearly the 1st time that night I felt like I was out and just enjoying myself and some time with my man. A large bald guy in a jacket, I'm guessing the manager, was out standing in front of the table. Guess why he was there????? He asked the women to tone it down. He seemed to be soft spoken but firm. This did not sit well with them. One lady demanded that he point out who was complaining (I WAS, I wasn't, but I WAS, in fact everyone "out" there was). He just seemed to repeat a plea for them to quiet down. One woman snapped back 'eff that we are just enjoying ourselves'. Again the manager insisted they quiet down. The group was not happy and muttered off while he backed off and said they were leaving. THANK GOD!! The manager left and so did the group from hell. I feel soory for him and his staff if this is what they have to deal with, but it was finally like a night out Our waitress (who I think was hiding from the drama) came back a few minutes later to get our order. The hubby had the Bandeja Peasa and I the Arroz con Pollo. The rest of the meal was fine, but nothing special. Guess what, we will be skipping Bogota forever after this foray.....
