Tartine is among my perennial favorite restaurants in the city.  No white tablecloths, phalanx of servers, modernist foams or Michelin stars, mind you; more like a trusted friend with subtle charms and manageable flaws.  This review sums up my experiences over roughly the last decade.   The atmosphere is genial and low key.  A far cry from the big box nightclubs masquerading as restaurants a few bocks to the north in MePa.  Space is notoriously tight (welcome to the Village).  Sit inside to meet new friends in the chairs pressed against yours, or angle for one of the half-dozen outdoor tables and make this pleasant, leafy corner in the West Village your dining room.  The no-reservations policy allows everyone an equal shot at the tables but can mean long waits at prime time.   On each visit, my friends and I have gravitated towards the same handful of dishes.  The salads -- warm Tuscan kale, wild arugula, green lentil, roasted beet & watercress - are vibrant and fresh, seasoned with light vinaigrettes that add a savory tang.  The spicy chicken entrée is a consistent crowd pleaser, with generous chunks of peppery diced chicken breast shored up by a pile of shoestring fries (more on those later) and, rather oddly, a dollop of guacamole, more suited for a Santa Fe grill than a Gallic bistro, but welcome nonetheless.  Its rather bland-sounding sibling, sautéed chicken, is drizzled in a piquant reduction of lemons, shallots and garlic, though the accompanying mixed greens did not share the same kick as their appetizer incarnations.  Fluffy potato gnocchi were garnished with Brussels sprout leaves that cut the richness of the thick, smoky blanket of mozzarella and helped delude us into believing we were eating healthy.   Alas, the French fries have -- to use one of my favorite corporate euphemisms -- a significant development opportunity.  What should be the stalwart of any bistro have been wan and bland on the last several visits, smacking of something from a plastic bag in the frozen food aisle.  The kitchen could use a few lessons from Keith McNally's playbook on this front.   Brunch and desserts apparently are a big draw here, but I've not yet gotten around to trying either.  Stay tuned for that review.   Service can be brisk during the rush, but in my experience it always has been efficient, courteous, and, depending on the server, even fun.  Staffing is lean, which presumably keeps overhead and prices down but means servers can be harried at peak hours.  During the crush, they don't dote on their tables, but they've always made themselves available to us when we've needed them.  On my last few visits, we've had the same server (the brunette woman with the baseball caps and creative hats).  My friends and I like to chat, and she always obliges.  Affable, witty, sharp.  A true delight.  Granted, we're relatively low maintenance (or so I'd like to believe) and have not had occasion to grouse much, so I can't speak to the staff's style in handling tough complaints.  They don't strike me as kowtowing milquetoasts.  I'm guessing that, faced with a fussy customer, they'd be firm but fair. As for the sommeliers and mixologists, well, they would be you and me.  It's BYO, which means you'll never be disappointed by the wine or shocked by the bar tab.   Enjoy.
