If I had my druthers, I'd give this place 3.5 stars, but I don't, so I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and round up. If I'd written this review after my first visit, it would have been an enthusiastic 4 stars, but last night's visit was definitely a 3 star experience. First, the beer. I've tried 7 beers at Local 44 that I've never had anywhere else, and all but one of them were spectacular. St. Bernardus didn't do it for me, but Allagash White, Franziskaner Dunkel Weisse, Hennepin, and the others were all exceptional. The cask beers are delicious. I disagree with many of the other reviewers who've claimed that the beer is overpriced. $3.30-8.80 is perfectly reasonable in the city for good beer. There are a lot of places nearby where you would pay $4 for a Lager. I come from Amherst, MA, home of the Moan and Dove, an exceptional beer bar with hundreds of beers on tap or in bottles. Comparing Local 44 to the Moan and Dove was the only thing that kept me from giving Local five stars. I hope they continue to expand their already large beer list. Moving into the bottled realm is not a bad thing (their website says they've added a bottled beer, though I don't think I saw it on the menu last night). To add to my comment above about beer prices, I checked out the Moan and Dove's online menu to see what they charge, and as far as I can tell Local 44 charges the same or just slightly more than a rural bar in a small town. That's not a bad deal, at all. I do think the food is moderately overpriced, but what I've had has been very well done. The BLT was messy and cumbersome, but very tasty. My friend gave high marks to his Cuban. The fish tacos are great, and my girlfriend's chili was perfect. I would like to see the entire menu brought down a dollar or so, but I'm going to be going there mostly for the beer anyway. Reviewers giving low marks because the place was crowded need a reality check. It's been open for less than three weeks. The entire West Philly crowd has descended upon it regularly, and it sounds like people are coming from all over Philly to check it out. It'll calm down in a month or two, and they've got enough space in there to keep it from being too crowded on non-peak times. The thing that almost brought down my rating after my more recent visit was the service. The first time I went I sat at a half-full bar and had a very enjoyable bartender/waitress, who didn't seem super knowledgeable about the beer but at least had enthusiastic and accurate recommendations. On the second visit, we were seated and served quickly, which was great, but as soon as we put the last bites in our mouths our plates were gone and the check was on the table. No big deal, people were waiting. We thought we'd at least sit until the women finished their beers, but before they got a chance the waiter was leaning over us, collecting every last thing he could grab from our table. We took what was obviously a clear hint, the girls chugged their beers, and we left.  If we'd stayed at our table, we would have ordered another round, but there was no where at or around the bar for four people to get comfortable.  I'm hoping this is the kind of thing that will cease when the crowds die down, but for now I probably won't go back to eat. High hopes for you, Local 44, though it looks like there are some wrinkles to iron out. I'll be back.
