So we wanted to do something different last night, and I suggested Moto. I used to live right on Broadway and Keap and would walk by there every day, and for the longest time I had no idea that any kind of business was actually in that strangely shaped building on the corner. But, I eventually caught on, partly from the smells that drift onto the street from the open kitchen door during dinner time, and it's been a favorite of mine ever since. I've recently moved, and my boyfriend suggested we go out to dinner, and being that I was just telling my friend about this place - I suggested Moto. I am SO glad we did!! I called at about 8, to see about a reservation, or how long the wait was. They don't take reservations, but the sweet girl that answered the phone let me know that they were steady, and my best bet is just to come and put our names in! Last seating is at 11:45. We got there at about 9, and were told that the wait was 25 min. We were seated within 10,  and immediately got a bottle of water and some glasses. We went over the menu, and as soon as we put them down, the waitress was there to take our order, despite it being so busy. We got a gruyere cheese fondu with crostini and an arugula salad to split as a starter, and both were delicious!! The items came out fast, and the beer we ordered came right away. My boyfriend had the mac & cheese (great onions on top, a fantastic, cinnamon-y homemade apple sauce on the side, and a great texture throughout) he was happy with his dinner, and cleaned his plate. I went for the more adventurous choice, and told the waitress that if the mussels were fresh from today, that I'd have those, and if not - I'd have the chicken. She said they were fresh, and I got the mussels. An over flowing bowl of mussels with an herb broth on the bottom, and an extra bowl for the shells. I ate a good portion of them, but I didn't Love them. That is the only reason that I am giving this place 4 stars. We also got an antique dessert wine from australia that was a little sweet for me, but my boyfriend loved it! I got the homemade fudge for dessert, and It was rich, creamy, perfectly sweet, and had a great balance of chocolate and walnuts. This place is a super romantic place to go for dates, and the band in the front corner that was playing was fantastic!! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone, going on a date, and I will absolutely be back! Probably not the best idea for large groups. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, good music, good food. A hidden gem - in the most unexpected place!
