I know that meals on Valentine's Day can be sketchy as a rule, but we stuck with the regular menu to be on the safe side.  If there was a 2 1/2 bell option, I would give it 2 1/2 bells, but since it's 2 or 3, I just can't say its "A-OK".  My husband and I each had a drink at the bar after the exceedingly unfriendly hostess tried to stick us at the "chef's table" for dinner.  Wooden kitchen stools with no padding and no backs are not a chef's table.  The was not a corner sushi bar.  This is Craig LaBan 3 bell dining for crying out loud (note sarcasm here).  In any event, we elected to wait for a table which was not a problem.  We shared a beet and goat cheese salad which was excellent and shared the spaghetti with pecorino and black pepper which was listed as a "don't miss" on Zagat.  It was excellent.  However, you could easily miss it, because it amounted to four fork twirls for $12.00, for pasta, with no meat, or sauce or truffles or veggies.  Pasta and grated cheese and pepper.  For $12.00  Still delicious. Entres were 12 oz NY strip with 3 baby onion rings.  No sides offered or available a la carte.  $39.00.  It was fine.  It was not bad.  It was just fine.  Have had many steaks before that were much better, in the same price range.  We also had the Berkshire pork chop.  I know that pork tenderloin is supposed to be light pink to keep it from drying out.  I am down with that.  Pork chops, however, should not be a warm pink all the way through.  Kind of nasty to put it kindly.  There was a side that was a golf ball of something which we never figured out. Desert was shortbread- 4 mini cookies- size of a quarter each- with a dollop of lemon curd.  $8.00. We each had a glass of wine with dinner.  The 3 oz pours of wine average $7-10 and the 5 oz pours average $10-17 a glass.  Seriously?  No reasonable wine options?  There are a million excellent, chairman's reserve wines out there for $10 a bottle.  $16  a glass for a $10 bottle is obnoxious. So, we had two drinks each, two small appetizers, a decent steak, a less than decent pork chop and a fine but not special desert.  With tip came to $185.00 .  I don't mind spending that, but I want to be very full, very pleased and very impressed.  I am none of the above.  You are lured in by the reviews and what look like reasonable menu prices, but don't go hungry, and don't go thirsty (for alcohol), or you will be spending Butcher and Singer money when all is said and done. This is a one and done.
