Dinner on Monday, July 25. We were seated immediately, and the ambience is very pleasant. For once you don't have to shout to be heard, the seats are comfortable and the table spacing is generous so that your conversation is not overheard. Service is well-meaning and largely efficient, but water glasses go unfilled, extra bread isn't offered (so we asked) and too many of the menu items require long, involved explanations that can leave you reeling about what you're actually ordering. I ordered a Bombay gimlet to start; this is a simple drink, nothing but Bombay gin and Rose's lime juice. Except here. They serve "their version," which is very little gin and fresh lime juice over-sweetened with simple syrup. I don't mind a restaurant creating new cocktails and being inventive, but when you order a standard (Martini, Manhattan, Gimlet) how about getting the real thing instead of some bartender's creative take on it. And tell the customer what he's getting before putting in the order. $18. A simple salad with vinaigrette dressing runs $15. The "Uovo" appetizer is described perfectly by Jonathan H., below. Essentially, it is sweetbreads and lobster (not a lot of each) completely inundated by foam, sort of like fishing around in your kitchen sink after spiking the water with detergent. The tastes are fine, but the tactile sensation leaves something to be desired -- not the umami I think they were after. This app runs $23. Spaghetti with blue crab, lemon, bottarga, chiles: OK, but not memorable. Stay away if you don't like spicy food. Halibut: A small rectangle of fresh fish fillet, almost unseasoned, cooked almost too much so that it bordered on being dry, with a small melange of vegetables on the side as well as an even smaller portion of bland polenta. For $37 the halibut should be ethereal. Clearly, they haven't heard of sous-vide. We skipped desserts and coffee. The tab with tax and tip was just under $200. I can think of ten other restaurants with better food for the money, although not with surroundings this civilized.
