A friend and I had lunch here today and it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had. The service was awful and the food was bad to average (for non-authentic stuff.) I ordered the lunch special: salad, lo mein, vegetable dumplings and tofu + vegetables coconut curry.     To start off, when our waiter came to take our order, I asked if my side order of lo mein could come plain. He said yes, but acted as if I were an idiot for assuming otherwise. When the food came out, the runner said that they were out of veggie dumplings so they gave me a veggie egg roll. No big deal, I like egg rolls... only it wasn't a veggie egg roll. The 2nd bite I took revealed obvious chunks of pork. The manager saw us staring and picking at the egg roll and came over. He tried to tell me that it was tofu. I've been a relatively non-picky vegetarian for 5 years and it's not a huge deal to me if I took one bite and got a little bit of meat, but he actually stood there and argued with me, exclaiming that it was 'fake meat tofu.' Sorry, but soy beans don't come in the stringy, striated variety and the pork in my egg roll was most definitely real pig, obvious by both sight and taste. I wasn't given a new, veggie egg roll or an apology for not having been asked what I would have liked as an alternative (because I would've chosen soup over and egg roll anyway.)     To top off the whole 'being told what is and isn't something I used to eat but haven't in 5 years and can tell what it really is' thing, the lo mein was actually mei fun and came stir fried and drenched in soy sauce. The tofu in the curry was also cold (a woman at a table next to ours also had cold food delivered.) The curry base was actually pretty yummy, but because I didn't have anything to accompany it with the entire meal was pretty bad... I ended up eating the side salad and 4 or 5 bites of the curry and just leaving the rest.     All in all: the atmosphere is nice, but totally not worth the AWFUL service and bad to mediocre food. We got there at opening (11:30 AM) when they only had 3 or 4 other tables: I can only imagine how bad it is during the lunch rush!
