Saturday was my second time at Delmonico's and the service was equally as bad as the first time I went when they first opened.  They clearly have not gotten their acts together! I had a reservation at 8:00 p.m. with a bunch of friends on a Saturday night.  To start the evening, the hostess informed us that they did not have enough menus, which was surprising considering half of the tables were empty.  Imagine if the restaurant was packed!  Though the appetizers came out somewhat quickly (about 45 minutes after ordering), the dinners were another story.  We ordered entrees at 9:00.  About an hour after we ordered, a waiter came to our table to share that they did not have filet mignon left...but only had filet mignon wrapped in bacon.  Wouldn't the common sense thing to do be to take the bacon off the filets so they could make a regular filet mignon without bacon.  Well, that was not an option according to the waiter.  At 10:30, still no food!  We asked to speak with the manager.  Upon the manager's arrival to the table, she apologized and said "I don't know what else to tell you."  Not the best answer after waiting for food for two and a half hours.  She further informed us that not all of our food was cooked and that they were "backed up" in the kitchen.   We decided to cancel our order and went to another local restaurant where they had enough menus for the ENTIRE table and brought us our food within a short amount of time after we ordered. Ironically, my friend's parents went to Delmonico's for brunch the Sunday after our disaster dinner.  Funny enough, they did not have pancake mix.  Go figure....you serve breakfast (including pancakes), but don't have pancake mix! I am not in the restaurant business, but would suggest to the owners of Delmonico's to shut down for a period of time, hire the appropriate amount of staff needed to run a restaurant, and train the staff, so they can effectively and efficiently meet their customers' needs.  Just a thought.  I am shocked that the same owner has four other restaurants that are STILL in business.
