I will admit that I generally like diners.  They're comfortable, the food is usually predictable and serviceable, and nobody minds if you sit and visit for a bit.  Admittedly, these aren't difficult standards to meet, and there are any number of diners in and around Wethersfield that meet them.   The Makris, however, is something special.  The venerable diner  found new life a couple of years ago when new management took over and revitalized the establishment.   I think it starts with breakfast, which has come to be my favorite time to visit. ( In a prior life for me, and during a prior incarnation for the Makris, it used to be about 1:00 AM, but that's another story.)  The Makris serves buttermilk,  as well as the wheat pancakes familiar to those of us who used to frequent Moe's Midtown in Hartford's West End.  The pancakes are as big as dinner platters and come in any number of varieties.  Two of these hubcap size confections are more than enough to satisfy the bottomless pit otherwise known as my 8 year old son.  The Hearty Makris, comprised of eggs, toast, home fries and options such as sausage or bacon, is devastatingly satisfying. My personal favorite is the Monte Christo, a combination of, among other things, french toast, ham, cheese and maple syrup.  For those who pretend to follow healthier eating patterns, the oatmeal is homemade (be sure to ask for brown sugar and raisins), and the fruit plate varies from visit to visit, depending on what's in season and fresh. Through it all though, we have the coffee.  It's the Makris's proprietary brand, in regular and dark roast, and it's something else.  Served endlessly and far better than anything else on the 'Pike, it complements the food perfectly. As with any diner though, the real test is whether people come back because, after all, a diner doesn't work if people aren't comfortable.  By that standard, the Makris is a rousing success.  If you wander in on a regular basis - and you should if only to grab a cup of coffee to go - you will see the regulars settled in at the counter like Statler and Waldorf from the Muppet Show. Except these folks are smiling. The Makris is spotlessly clean.  The owner is always on site to greet customers, serve food or bus tables.  Don't be dissuaded if the parking out front is full.  Take a moment to look around back where there is ample free parking, and where the handicapped ramp is located.
