im reading some reviews and they really make me smile...why on earth somebody would go to Eataly to buy a already prepared canned pasta sauce??? You just missed the concept! Eataly is there to make you cook your own delicious pasta! Buy the best pasta brand and the best tomato sauce (canned or bottled tomatoes) and you already got 50% of the job! And about the high prices...no, the euro has not dropped against the dollar, today it was 1 euro = 1.39$ plus bank fees etc...you may do the math. Now few key points: 1) I AM ITALIAN  I was born and lived in Italy all my life. I guess this helps right? 2) EATALY CARRY SOME AVERAGE products and some great products...some products you can find in any regular grocery store in italy (mulino bianco cookies, de cecco / barilla pasta, lavazza coffee, novi chocolate etc...)  while some others are really gourmet food  ! but obviously by NOT BEING ITALIAN you can not know these medium and high brands and this is the trick. NOW I WANT TO SPEND SOME WORDS ON THE GOURMET FOOD department , which is the only new concept which is very interesting:  you may wonder about the high prices and yes they are higher because they are imported. BUT YOU REALLY CAN'T KNOW WHATS BEHIND OUR FOOD TRADITION, and i do not want to offend anybody please do not misread me, im simply saying  YOU CAN NOT KNOW BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT BORN THERE OR LIVED THERE, you have not experienced the little local geographical areas and their foods, the foods that are related to those areas only  and not found anywhere else in any other region or IN THE WORLD. And , sorry but a vacation don't make you an expert on Italian food tradition, not even having an Italian relative of being of Italian origins. You have to experience, to understand.  How many of you know the meaning of DOP IGP DOC DOGC??? Well these little nice codes represent specific acknowledgment  attributed to specific Italian food coming from specific areas of the Italian territory. It means they are specific foods produced following very old tradition of the area where they are made (cannot be made anywhere else and if they are, they will not taste the same) , and still made in the same way, with the same techniques hundreds years old, the same old tools, made by hand, products which follow seasonal timing produced with the help of mother nature. WHERE ELSE CAN YOU FIND FOOD LIKE THAT? nowhere. So going back to these little codes, they  help us protect our traditions and our products from others to copy and sell with the same names, which is the only thing you will find in common. We have something nobody in the world has, the best food products in the world. NOW THE PRICE IS MADE ACCORDINGLY. These gourmet foods prices are high in Italy as well (not that high)  even though we have the chance to buy locally and save some money . So this is what Eataly is trying to bring, the culture of our FOOD. And that is a very difficult task and i understand....and they will probably fail in doing so even though they will eventually make money and keep going.  Because....you can eat "carciofo romanesco" or "pecorino romano"  or "pane di genzano" only  in  the Lazio region,  or the "bufala mozzarella"  "nocciola di giffoni" "pomodoro di san marzano" in Campania, "salame cremona' in Piemonte and so on.... MY EXPERIENCE WITH EATALY: now back to my experience with this place. I work 1 block away therefore i go often. Coffee and cappuccino are amazing, like in Italy. Croissant: no way.  Pizza place: a no no, it was too chewy, nothing like Italian pizza, they didnt even want to add to me bufala mozzarella....but the big disappointment i got lately: i bought a fresh truffle....oh my i have an addition for truffle! so i was all excited and i brought it home and cooked the classic risotto zafferano. When i shaved the fresh truffle on the risotto...no smell coming out  and no taste...so disappointed! I spent 50$ on a walnut-size truffle and no taste at all..... (now for the few of you who dont know what is a truffle: truffle is a very rare root which grow only in Italy in the wild forests and it is  very rare and costly and adds up  a wonderful taste to food, you generally shave it on risotto, pasta, eggs and add up an intense flavor, a very particular one) thank you and enjoy eataly the best you can !
