The owner of the Franklin Park Pho 99 is extremely rude. He walked up to my son who had not been to his restaurant for close to a year and started to lecture him directly when we sat down. He said, "You need to NOT run around! I am the only one here! I cannot clean up after you. Do you UNDERSTAND?" My son stared at him and said ok. I was puzzled. That was very strange behavior. He then provided poor service and seemed obsessed with watching my son, who he glared at for 30 minutes. When it was time to pay, he never came to get our money, and so I went to the counter and said, "I do not quite understand why you approached my 5 year old like that." He said, "The last time he was here I had to really clean up."  At the time we were there, it was a weekday and he had a total of 3 customers. It was very slow day. I said, "No matter what you may think you remember, we have not been here for a year. If he was messy a year ago at this age that changes quickly. You should know that. He is a child." This guy says, "I have a child and he has perfect behavior." - yeah right.  Also, the entire time we were there, my little son was cleaning up after himself and did not make a sound. He was a perfect gentleman. This so-called "owner" did not even have the decency to apologize because as this conversation was going on my son had already been the perfect customer for that visit. He said that he was a bad memory of my son and if I don't like the way he spoke to my son I don't have to come back. This man doesn't deserve to own a restaurant.  It would be different if my son broke something or assaulted another customer, but if you  cannot wipe a table or floor, I wonder what you do in the kitchen. I have never, ever had such a negative eating experience in my life! A few nights later at another restaurant I was so tramautized that I just started apologizing to waiter saying, "Oh, I am sorry he was little messy." That waiter said, (with a smile), "It is my job to clean up. Please enjoy your meal and don't worry."
