Avoid this place - save your money and time.  This place is bad for your health.  They have the most disgusting host/manager known to mankind.  I am referring directly to the middle aged male (salt and pepper hair with a mustache). He is the reinforcement to my first 2 sentences.   The restaurant refuses to take any reservations for Saturdays no matter the circumstance (call one month in advance, large group, willing to leave credit card and deposit). Answer is NO. We were advised to arrive early to request for a table.   That Saturday turned out to be a rainy day.  Three of us (Asians) arrived first at 6PM and kindly ask for a table for 18.  The salt & pepper "gentleman" that I previous mentioned, responds while shaking his head furiously, saying "no no no no no, can't do 18".  We asked him "Why not?". He answers "I already got SCREWED by the weather, I can't sit anyone outside. No way I can do a table for 18 unless you want to wait for 4 hours!".   We simply ask if he can just put down our name for 18 people in the meantime and we will figure out what to do when the birthday girl arrives because she really wanted to eat here for her birthday.  He asked us sarcastically, "So you will wait for 4 hours?"  We said "If that's what the birthday girl wants then yes".  He loudly announces to the 3 females standing behind the hostess podium and screams out "PUT THEM DOWN FOR 18, THEY ARE GOING TO WAIT FOR 4 HOURS!!  4 HOUUUUURRRRRRS!!" We get on the phone with the birthday girl and it turns out that someone else from our group has already put down their name for a group of 18.  We told the "gentlemen" that someone from our group has already put their name down for 18ppl an hour ago.  He raises his voice and says "no no no, I am the only one that does the seating, I wouldn't take a party of 18 and if I did I would remember." We kindly ask the 3 females to check their book to see if there was something for 18ppl and the "gentleman" flips out and repeatedly says "IMPOSSIBLE! IMPOSSIBLE! I would never take down a name for 18ppl!". We ignored what he said and asked the 3 hostesses if they can just double check for us. Then right away the "gentleman" tells the 3 hostesses, "TAKE THEIR NAME OFF! TAKE THEIR NAME OFF!".  Looks at us and says "You can leave now." We walk outside and we are confused & pissed off thinking "What kind of management and customer service is this?"  We get on the phone with the birthday girl and we do more explaining.  A few minutes later, the "gentleman" comes outside and starts pacing back and forth staring at us.   One can only take so much nonsense, so we simply asked, "Why are you acting like a ....?" He  starts screaming "I AM 48 YEARS OLD AND I DO NOT NEED TO BE CALLED NAMES.  YOU NEED TO LEAVE THE PROPERTY.  I WILL CALL THE POLICE!  YOU ARE TRESPASSING!". Mind you all of this happened with in 10 minutes.  Our other friends finally show up, some being Latino, they go in and they speak with him.  The "gentleman" tells them, "Oh if you guys came and asked for a table of 18, I could've seated you in an hour". And we later figure out that the friend that showed up an hour before we did, DID INDEED put her name down for 18 people without a problem then went to wait at a cafe..... aaaannnnnnd she was also a Latino. Bottom line, this restaurant lets a manic racist run their business and greet their guests with such rude mannerism (I am SURE the owners are aware of this behavior, this is not the first negative post about this "gentleman")... this speaks a lot about the kind of cooks and waiters that work for them.  Hope everyone's watched the movie "The Waiters".... just saying, your Goat Cheese Fritters may be filled with loogies.  YUMMY.
