The short version: don't go there unless you are one of those who feels drinking a poor selection of extravagantly expensive wine and eating gold on an ordinary sorbet is what makes a good meal. This is the worst star restaurant experience of my life, pompous food based on the principle that expensive ingredients with no soul (or a bad one to my subjectivity) makes for a good 3 star. We were welcomed like a walking wallet. No smile, no hello, nothing but that feeling immediately confirmed by the wine list they give you. pages of Von Romanee-Conti ranging from a few 1000's for the poor to a large set of 1000's for the russian oligarch wannabe. About 10 pages red Burgundy wine, most of the typical classical expensive or selected by a caricature of the american traveling in France to look cool and pretending to know. 3 minutes later, the somelier comes to me and still without a hello ask me if I had found something interesting in the wine list. I indicated i found it surprising and as I was seeing an sea urchin based dish being prepared, indicated to her it was difficult to pair their very specific wines with a wide variety of food. A few minute later and dark looking menacing individual came and asked me if I had a problem with the wine list. I answered candidly that I found it surprising there was none, IE NOT 1 single american wine and that the wine were very specific for a discovery menu and forcing us to take white and red which we do not like to do in general and I found an average selection more based on price more than on value. The menacing looking said to me " this is my restaurant, this is the wine that goes with my food and if you don't like it is your problem". Thank you Mr Uber Furher Ramirez I did answer nicely and politely that I found it a poor wine selection and waited to be thrown out... which didn't happen. But the owner and chef put his hand on my shoulder, said nothing and went. This is the only time we saw him looking at any customer during the entire dinner, except a brief something with the couple at the left of his cooking table. I immediately felt embarrassed for all the wonderful American wine available in America and that had not been labelled good enough to end up on that list. I found this utterly disrespectful for them, for their superb work and for my poor wife and I suffering so obviously uneducated taste. Unpleasant feeling the whole meal through, not an eye contact with anyone to make you feel welcomed or desired as a customer, but rather the feeling that some uneducated control freak, suffering from a strong superiority complex and so insecure about his poor food had to establish a fascist like atmosphere. For me food is an extraordinary voyage into the senses, combining different perceptions of taste, smell, sight, but not just. The joy of sharing the experience, the various emotions evoked by all these senses, a feeling of earthy love of the now in the voyage. None of that there. You feel unwelcome, observed, controlled and unable to experience the real experience of your senses. This UN-fare Brooklyn table (the only fascist-minded restaurant to make it in Brooklyn though- and this is a reference) did not deliver any special culinary prowess I will remember other than 2 pieces of raw fish that I must confess was of the highest quality (ie better than any other we tried in new york and reminding me of Misutani-san sushi in Tokyo, a reference). The rest of the meal was ok, neither here nor there, certainly not 3 star, potentially 1 star in my humble non food critic opinion. Or said differently, i can name many 1 star restaurant where i ate better, much better and can probably not name many restaurant where i had worst experience or where i had worst value for money. The very disappointing deserts, 3 of them, not as good as what my mother who was a star chef was cooking at home on a daily basis and certainly not worthy of any michelin or other certificate of excellence. The cheese and bread pathetic, not as good as what you can find in any routier truck stop in France or Italy or Spain. It is the only of the restaurant we went to in NYC where the chef did not come to say hello, where we felt unwelcome and where the only energy leaving the place was one of making sure we would write for people to know and not to go there. Last thought. If that business was looked at as a proper corporation it would be in court for all sorts of abuse, unfair practice, ... I cannot imagine one minute an IBM manager eating there and contrasting his slick corporate education where customer is king with this attitude of making you feel privileged to be served by such a superior (but utterly suffering from superiority) human being as the chef. Poor you, I really feel sorry and will make it known
