Unfortunately, this joint is 0 for 2 with me.  Style-over-substance, bigtime. Went there for brunch the first time last month and dinner yesterday.   BRUNCH - I was horrified to be denied my request for a bloody Mary because it was before noon!  Been in this neighborhood almost 10 years, and this was a first.  I didn't kick up too much of a fuss though, our waiter was a nice enough guy and service was prompt and courteous.  They brought out the bacon smoked almonds they make there as amuse-gueule.  The bacon flavor can't save this thing: almonds are essentially binded together in cold congealed bacon fat and the nuts themselves are soaked through and mushy.  If there was any bit of crunch left in them at all, these things would be ten times better.  Ordered the short rib hash - which was a disaster.  Gristly and flavorless.  Did not think it possible to make short ribs taste bland, but somehow they managed.  There is at least a dozen places in the hood I'd sooner go to for brunch, top choices are  Char 4, Frankie's, Luluc, Pit Stop, Patois.  Even the overrated (but well priced!) Alma is a better bet.  Brunch was a D- DINNER:  Atmosphere had that nouveau-Brooklyn reverse b&t vibe, but was ok, I'm getting used to that (*snif*).  Service was once again very good, very friendly and prompt.  They have a good front-room staff for sure, would be shocked if the same person was responsible for hiring the kitchen staff, however.  Was there with 5 other friends and was able to taste and observe other people's food, which led me to conclude that the problem in that kitchen isn't the inability to put out decent food (not great, decent) but to do it consistently.  Popovers were good!  Then they came out with those godforsaken mushy almonds.  I ate 'em anyway, I was starving.  Cheese plate rocked.  Some good choices there.   Wifey had the brook trout (which they assured me was wild and not farmed, major bonus) and it was pretty tasty, unusual choice with cabbage side and the grain-mustard but somehow it worked pretty well.  Then came my dish.  the special (Tuesday) leg of lamb.  This is when I lost it.  I was given a plate of thinly sliced gray and dried-out (i mean DRY) pieces of top cut lamb.  Not one drop of juice was left in there, and the thing had been garlic-poked by an insane person.  You just do not serve the outside cut, this is 101, people.  And the side was this grilled cauliflower in a very sour balsamic reduction that they tried to save by adding a lot of sugar and salt, (yurk).  I returned it, didn't order anything else.  That being said, I distinctively saw some pink in the lamb that my buddy had on his plate, which leads me to believe that I got the runt of the litter and that his may have been somewhat more palatable. Dinner gets a C- Next review I write (for somewhere else) will be a good one, promise!  I'm not a bitter, cynical foodie by any stretch, but I do think over-hyped joints need to be put in their place because that's how sheep-herd mentality ruins neighborhoods. peace.
