Mercer Mall Bone fish grill.  Don't be fooled by the décor and the romantic dimly lit   room.  It seems like they are trying  to hide their dirty silverware and  plates.  This was the third time we went.  We had a horrible experience the first time. My son's chicken tenders turned out to be fish tenders.  When the chicken tenders finally came, they were RAW inside.  I was shocked.  My dad's fish was also raw.  I couldn't believe it.  This time the manager came up to our table and apologized and gave us a gift card.   Few months passed and we decided to go again and use our gift card thinking it might have been because they were brand new and very busy. We had a good time.  It did take a while for the food to come out but it was pretty good. We decided to go again since our last experience was good.  It was too good to be true.  We went on a Monday and it wasn't busy.  There was one couple there and our group of 10.  You would think the service would be quick. Oh my goodness was I wrong.  The utensils looked like they weren't washed at all.  I think they are hoping you won't see the crap that's on the forks and knife and the major oily residue on the plates because it's so dark in there.  When I asked for another plate, he handed me another greasy plate.  We ordered the appetizers and then our waiter was gone.  We were looking around because we were ready to orderour main course but he never came back until the appetizers came.  He took our order of main course after we had started eating the appetizers.  Who does that.  He also brought our drinks and put them on the table by crossing his body infront of me.  so he was placing the drink on my left side while standing on my right so his armpit was in my face....REALLY.  oh and I forgot to mention that he spilled one of the drinks by putting it on the part where they  connected the two tables.  its so dark in there that their own waiter couldn't see properly. Our food finally came an hour and half later.  Everything was bland, it was like they ran out of all their spices.  And again the waiter disappeared.  He replaced our drinks once the whole 2 hrs we were there.  We finished our diner and again the waiter was gone.  He was getting things cleaned for the night....changing the paper table covers.  And oh yea if you say excuse me to him, he ignored you until he would finish what ever he was doing and then walk up to you.  Did I mention there were only 2 tables he was taking care of.  I had to walk upto him to ask for the check and then again he was gone.  I took the check w credit card upto him just to hurry things up.  I paid, left a crappy tip and left.  I wish I could have complained to manger but there didn't seem to be anyone there for me to ask for a manager.   Needless to say we will never be going back!!! And if you don't go, you'll be saving yourself lots of money and headache.
