If you're from the Newark area and someone tells you they have had the best Portuguese food (in the states of course) outside of Newark, there is no question they have no idea what they are talking about. Authentic Portuguese seafood from Newark is truly where it's at. I grew up in Union and sure, a little Burnet BBQ here and there is great, but nothing compared to Seabra Marisqueira. I walked in with my boyfriend two Saturday nights ago (around 7pm). There was a line out the door with mostly families waiting for a table. There is no host, you have to just sign yourself in and wait for a table. We don't have kids so we just headed over to the full bar. Great bar atmosphere, a few tvs going and everyone is speaking Portuguese, especially the bartenders. From the bar, and the "waiting area" you can see the kitchen. It's about 15 guys in a 20x20 kitchen just hauling it - fun to watch. You can't expect a five star service from these bartenders, or a place that doesn't even have a hostess - you are strictly paying for the food. The bar was great because it's a circle bar and you can see what everyone around you is eating and drinking. Don't be offended when the bartender gives you a dirty look for not ordering a pitcher of sangria and only a glass - a glass might be all you need if you're a lightweight; very strong, delicious and TRUE sangria. (also highly recommend the sangria sold on the nights of the Portuguese feasts on ferry street- yum!) We started off with the Salada de Polvo, and octopus salad served cold in a vinaigrette sauce. Portion size is perfect for a small appetizer. We wanted to go all out so each ordered Sopa do Mar, a pureed seafood soup. Absolutely delicious. Perfect amount of 'grit' and you got your $8.50 money's worth with the amount of shell fish they add into it (lobster, grab, mussels - and multiple of each). After that I was starting to get full. The bartender spaced our meals out in a timely manner so we had some time to enjoy, digest and drink. I ordered Mariscada for myself, "Lobster, clams, mussels, shrimp and scallops served in a tasty tomato sauce with a touch of cognac, accompanied by rice $23.95" - I had to take most of it home though, the soup was pretty filling. My boyfriend ordered a separate dish, might have been the cod - we agreed it was decent. We were both just so consumed in that damn Mariscada!! Wow, that was amazing (yes, enough for two - huge portion size). Slightly sweet from the tomato broth and so refreshing with the fresh seafood thrown in. The entire meal is accommodated with fresh fluffy Portuguese rolls - probably from the Seabras supermarket around the corner (we get this every weekend - amazing). Dip that into you Mariscada - or even soup and you are truly in Portuguese heaven. Bartender wasn't a friendly guy (seemed more talkative when speaking Portuguese to others) - but like I said, you are there for the FOOD !
