My girlfriend and I have been to Park Central 3 times now and are big fans.   We have sat at the bar twice and have decided that is our favorite atmosphere in the restaurant. I usually judge a bar by whether a place can make a manhattan correctly and this was probably the best I've had in quite some time (also stirred and double strained - not shaken!!). My girlfriend had a drink that I think was called salt and smoke. It was a combo of mezcal, pisco, cucumbers, fresh lemon, and salt - don't quote me on exact ingredients. The drink was phenomenal and all of the cocktails on the list looked very innovative and had a great focus on seasonal ingredients. The draft beer list was refreshing, and you could tell that they spend a good deal of time selecting the choices as nothing was mainstream, but there were good local alternatives. I like to try new things and this is a great place to do that. The only problem seems to be that the majority of the crowd didn't feel the same and was content drinking bud bottles. Changing the local crowd is very hard to do, but I do not think this place is going to hit it's full potential if they cannot get their regulars to try the 'brand' they're going for. To move onto the food some of our favorites after our 3 visits have been: oysters on the shell - they had 2 different kinds to choose from and the bartenders were very familiar. The cucumber mignonette was something different and the oysters were certainly fresh. The fire islands were our favorite! Steak Burger with Jalapeno relish was smokey, savory, and juicy. Fried Chicken was ridiculous and had some kind of truffle honey on it that was addicting. Truffle oil can be overpowering when used in the wrong place but the balance with the sweetness of the honey was just stupid! yum! We have also enjoyed an asian inspired special with udon and a kung pow duck confit leg, which showed just how versatile their chef is. Besides the drinks and food the live music on Saturday nights is great and the service is very homey and warm. There was some acoustic band that was there a few weeks ago playing some americana, blues that made the night. I don't see why Park Central is rated so low on yelp. Maybe the restaurant doesn't quite fit the neighborhood? We go out at least once a week and Park Central is now in our top 3 list of restaurants in New Haven area. Thanks and cya soon!!
