Saw this restaurant on NJN and had a wonderful review so waited until I was in the area to go- made a point of going here based on review- when we were seated (4/9/2011) several people left the packed restaurant- should have followed them! Decor was familiar - we used to go to Carlos O'Connor's often in Red Bank- and no surprise- the owners are relatives-but the similarity stopped at the decor! The service (provided by the owner's wife) was very slow- we waited 45 minutes after we ordered to get our food- prices are WAY over the top- out of line for the area and the food-one of the staff told us a cook had not come in so they were short handed- explained the wait but not the quality of the food - it was literally inedible- I got a bowl of chili for 6.95 ( appetizer size) that was simply ground beef mixed with taco seasoning and NO LIQUID-nice queso blanco melted on top but that was it-so dry it stuck to the roof of my mouth- seasoning was disgusting- how can you screw up chili? My husband ordered the burrito and enchilada for 19.95 (!!!!!!) both chicken- the enchilada came with no sauce- how do you prepare and serve an enchilada with no enchilada sauce? the chicken was cubed and tasted like it wasn't even chicken-mystery meat? I drained my hot tea and two glasses of water trying to eat it the few bites my husband kept making me try-again it was dry it was inedible- the beans and rice and the enchilada and burrito were cold- must have sat out waiting for someone to pick it up- during the meal another diner seating next to us in the small area became furious over her order and was saying things in Spanish that didn't sound complimentary- they left in a huff-in English she said "Never again!" several times it was obvious most of the diners were very unhappy with their service and food- don't understand why the NJN review was good and so many people were there? Are there so few TexMex restaurants in Rahway that diners must suffer here? We didn't even try to eat the burrito- took it home but even the dog wouldn't eat it so it went in the garbage- our bill was $40.00 for one appetizer and one entrée - one soda and one hot tea- our server- again the owner's wife- overcharged for the tea- I checked it on the menu- insult to injury! I intend to let NJN know I will never follow any  of their recommendations after this fiasco! My advice Stay away unless you are literally on the point of starvation and there is no other food available- Come to think of it- don't even bother then- Better to starve than eat here!
