Sure all restaurants have an off night, but regardless, I could go no higher than 2.5 stars here. We have lived within 2 blocks of Giorgio's for almost 2 years and have never ventured out of our rut of going down to South Philly to some of our favorite go to Italian places. Last night it was humid and still threatening rain, so we decided to finally try this little local gem (according to reviews), When we arrived we were seated without a reservation. Menus arrived, we placed our bottle of wine on the table and then we sat, and sat, and waited. Another couple came in and were seated. A couple minutes later their waitperson arrived, poured their water, opened their wine, gave them menus and began telling them about the dinner specials. Still, we sat as food was delivered to tables around us. Just as we had decided to get up and leave, partly due to the lack of service and the fact that it was hotter and more humid inside than outside, our waitperson arrived. Sorry for the wait, was about it. Our wine was opened, she left and we sat again. When she returned to take our order the din in the restaurant had grown to the point where it was almost impossible to carry on a conversation and the humidity and heat combined was more than the one ceiling fan could even begin to keep up with. Giorgio came by to make the same small talk twice and then the food was delivered. I give the food 3.5 stars and the portions for the price are good. I had the rigatoni with sweet summer sausage and my partner had the zitti. Both were good and we enjoyed the freshness of the ingredients used. As our conversation had become increasingly louder to overcome the noise in the dining room (can you believe they have background music plying, too?), we decided it was time to leave as people were standing in the entry and waiting outside to get in. Once the bill was presented and we paid, in cash, again it took forever for our change to arrive with the less than sincere, sorry. My advice to Giorgio is to get a couple AC window units, make sure you have enough wait staff to handle the capacity you cram in this small space and lose the music as it only adds to ones inability to carry on a conversation. To anyone considering trying this place, do not do it on a weekend, you may have a much better experience than we did. With all of the great Italian places to choose from, we probably won't be back for some time.
