The sushi was good, but not that great. I've tried sushi at a variety of different establishments, and I was hoping to find a mecca here. After scouring yelp for sushi in the Central / North Jersey area, I affixed my eyes on the dink basement abode known as Ajihei. When my party of 3 got there, we came to the door at 5:56p. We were told to leave immediately, since the restaurant opened in 4 minutes. I thought this was a bit pretentious. We came back 10 minutes later and there was a line out the door! We thought this has to be good sushi. After waiting almost 10 more minutes (the wait staff of 3 had to get "clearance" from the chef / master / owner / sushi-man), we were allowed to sit at a table for 4 at the back. SERVICE: The service stinks. This is partly why I'm giving it two stars. The waiters were rude at the door. When we were finally seated, they never checked on us, filled our water, etc. For a waitstaff of three and only 5-6 tables, you'd think the service would be more attentive. WRONG. Next, the wait staff kept entering the kitchen. It was irritating to have them constantly walking one or two feet past you into the kitchen. They tended to wander around the restaurant and look at tables. When they saw our cups were empty, they kept looking, walking. I'm not sure if they were pretending to act busy, but when you have 3 waiters for 6 tables, and you're not being attended to properly, the service SUCKS. The waiters need to stand in one place. For such a small restaurant in such a dink basement, STOP WALKING AROUND! It's irritating to the people who are eating, especially when you're not attentive! FOOD: The sushi was good, but not that great. The tuna wasn't melt-in-your-mouth. I wasn't expecting toro for the tuna, but it was semi-tough... that was disappointing. The rice was hard, and it was not binding enough to the sushi. The eel sushi was VERY delicious. The other pieces (shrimp, salmon, etc.) were average. I ordered the Chef's special. The miso was powdered; nothing special. The rolls (tuna, oyster) were good. Much better than the sushi pieces. The BEST part of the meal was the goyoza. Our party of three had two orders of it. They were very crispy, fried dumplings served with a soy sauce based dip. The dip was great! It was a combination of soy and some other sauces (TBD). Def. order it! The bill for three people (2x Goyoza, 2x Chef's plate (let the chef choose), 1x Tuna, 1x Oyster, 1x Tempura Rolls) came out to $77. This was INSANE since the sushi was average at best. A snotty wait staff, average sushi, and high price tag turned me off. Ajihei may float your boat if you're into those things... but you may like this Sushi dink.
