My family and I were excited to eat here for our mother's 60th birthday celebration. We went on a Saturday  June 15th and it was very packed. We were told the wait would be for an hour /hour and a half.  After waiting for 45 minutes the hostess told us our table was almost ready then some guy with a blue shirt and a mustache said no YOUR wait is two hours. We tried to tell him we were waiting already for 45 min. the guy mumbled something we could not understand. Then he said you guys are Italian, this is not an Italian restaurant you could leave. I told him I think you're handling this wrong no one here is naming countries. We just want to know how long we need to wait to eat. He proceeded to tell us he didn't want our business, that he was going to call the cops. We were all very confused. Especially because we couldn't understand why he was so upset and why he was threatening to call the police. We again asked him sir whats the problem, we just wanted to know how long we should wait. The guy started getting louder and saying I don't want any problems call the cops. I felt extremely disrespected. First of all, who cares if I was Italian. In my opinion this guy refused to sit us because of my racial background. There was no altercation between us for him to be so upset and threaten to call the cops. My Mom was very upset and because my children were with me I decided to not cause any further embarrassment and proceeded to leave. However, I am disgusted at this man's behavior towards his customers. My only explanation is that he is bi-polar and perhaps off his meds. My Mom tried to talk to him and he said call the police fuck this lady. Who ever this man is he has no business being in customer service. I wonder how many other people he has discriminated against. If you've had similar experiences i urge you to write a review. I understand that any business had the right to not serve people if they are unruly but we did nothing to deserve his discrimination. He embarrassed us, upset my Mom and my children.
