We always counted on Perry Street for excellent food, service and ambience. Tonight, the food was very good. We invited a beloved friend to celebrate her victory over a severe moment in her life.  We thought Perry Street, a restaurant across the street from our home, would be perfect. Despite being refused a 7:15 reservation but instead being given a 7:30 seating in a near-empty restaurant, we sat for a good time. 1/ People who were seated after us were given their cocktails sooner. I observed our drinks sitting on the side of the bar for ten minutes. Finally a waiter served them after I requested he go to the bar and tote them the ten steps to our table. Our guest's Martini was poured and only 2/3 of her glass was filled atop 1/3 glassfull of ice. The other Martinis were to the brim. OK, we will forgive. 2/ We asked for more drinks. They were not brought. 15 minutes later, we asked again. One drink was brought, then we had to wait longer, and ask again for another empty drink to be refilled. OK, we're wondering what's happening, but will let that, as well as continued requests for water refills, pass. 3/ The waiter took our dinner order, stating there was one special on the menu, Nantucket scallops.  We each ordered appetizers, and our guest ordered the scallops as her main course. Unfortunately the waiter did not mention the scallops were an appetizer, and when the mains were served, she had a tiny olive dish-sized strip of scallops, no vegetables, presented to her unapologetically. We complained to the waiter who did not acknowledge. 4/ We continued to request drinks and water by catching the waiter; this practice is par for the course at other restaurants, but we never had to beg for service at Perry Street before. I mentioned to our waiter that this was the most inattentive wait experience we've ever had at this restaurant. To his credit, he sent the manager over. 5/ The manager apologized, and offered to comp us out first round of drinks and our desserts. We thanked him for the deference to our experience. When the bill arrived, our first round of drinks were comped, but we were charged for the desserts. 6/ The waiter removed one of our dessert plates while two of us were still having dessert. When I said I didn't expect him to do that in the middle of dessert, he snapped, "I wasn't going to take yours." 6/ At the beginning of the meal I asked a waiter to check my golf umbrella. As we were leaving, the umbrella was missing, someone had stolen it. No apology. Do think we should take any more special friends to Perry Street?
