White Dog Cafe is the most venerable of the University City eating establishments. It's tucked between the rowdiness and nostalgic kitsch of New Deck Tavern (an Irish bar) and the schizophrenia of Saturn Hair Club, purveyor of hairdos, lattes, and Vietnamese sandwiches (all quite decent, I've heard). Nothing says "it's so good to catch up with you buddy ol' pal" or "yes - this is a date" better than dinner in the main dining rooms of White Dog. The décor is a lesson in hominess: the wainscoting and beige walls, the photo frames paying homage to an extended canine family, and the dainty lamps whose shades emit the cozy yellow hue of dinnertime. Its warmness and intimacy is rare for a restaurant. It's easy to lose yourself in conversation, your thoughtfully prepared dishes, or a pitcher of Yuengling and forget that you're not in your dining room, or any other person's dining room for that much (it only takes a glance up at the dog portraits hanging everywhere to set off an eerie, Planet of the Apes alarm in one's head that humans have been supplanted in the course of earthly civilization.) Food at White Dog Cafe is tasty and elegant, without being fussy. I'm a fan of the chicken (excusez-moi, "locally raised free-range hen") and fish dishes. Whether roasted or seared or other, the method of preparation is usually just right, and the main show is usually complemented by fresh vegetables and fairly subtle sauces. It's hard to say whether free range this and organic that really make a difference other than tacking several dollars to the bill. However, many yuppies will be comforted to know that the dollars they jettison into the sustainable food ether via White Dog get recombobulated by cosmic forces (I hear Adam Smith's invisible hand pitches in sometimes), packed into sandbags, and distributed to third world farmers for use as animal feed, mulch, or an effective caulking agent when mixed with water.* The hungry diner is warned: upon leaving White Dog Cafe, you will probably feel compelled to drop by New Deck next door for an order of Awesome Cheese Fries. The portions at White Dog are not so small as to cause indignation, or French restaurant-esque cognitive dissonance (my two shrimp and sprig of parsley - they were out of this world man! The sauce, the sauce!), but the typical White Dog meal will land you somewhere just north of "not-hungry" and several steps short of "sated." This said, it'd be most wise to have the Dark Chocolate Chipotle Pot De Crème after your meal - still one of the best desserts I've had anywhere. Then there's the bar at White Dog Cafe - good for college students who can barely afford a $10 dinner but also a great place for you and your fellow chaps to knock back a few. The bar menu offers tasty bites - chief among them, the grass-fed beef burger (as a Californian, I vow it's better than In-n-Out) and the nachos with salsa, guacamole, beans, and cheese melted over - each under or around the $10 mark. The bar also offers a great selection of Pennsylvania beers and ales on draught and changes seasonally. By the power vested in me as a long time patron, though, I declare there is nothing sweeter in life than a pitcher of Yuengling and the nachos. Finding a seat in the bar area can be an issue when things get busy (Friday evenings especially). *All kidding aside, sustainable food is worth thinking about and I remember being rather inspired when the founder of White Dog came to speak about this issue at the dining hall when I was a freshman at Penn.
