horrible would be to kind a word for the food at this place. i just woke up at 4 in the morning because the regurgitation of their sauce from the mussels and chicken parm hero almost made me throw up in my sleep. i'll get to my review now. i had the chicken parm hero and an order of mussels. first the chicken parm hero's bread was spongy, even after being heated in the oven there was no crunch at all. its almost like there using old bread. old bread still doesnt crunch when heated. their sauce for the chicken parm hero was non existent and was watered down to the max. the inside of my bread looked like a wet tampon of a woman almost done with her period. very little sauce and what was on there was watered down with NO FLAVOR. as for the cheese, it doesnt exist. dont bother looking foir it. i dont know how places like this stay in business. the chicken was overcooked to the consistency of old shoe leather. on to the mussels now. the sauce for the mussels is horrible. it is watered down, barely there and it looks like they take can of cheap tomato paste and plop a little on top. no fresh garlic in their sauce. i tasted what seemed to be garlic but it was tastless so maybe it was something else in that sauce. or maybe it was bottled prepared garlic. the mussels themselves are horrible. i will be throwing out the rest of the mussels , i forced myself to eat about 4 pieces because i felt bad about all the money i was throwing away. that was a bad decision as i sit up writing this at 4am to warn others of this dive of a retaurant. people have no taste in bayonne to have kept this dump open for so many years. you would think teenagers at burger king cooked my food thats how horrible the food is here. i will never order from here again and delete this number from my phone and never look back. totally ridiculous and for the price i paid a real sin too! i lost my email so i had to open a new yelp account. this isnt my first review here on yelp and i have no ax to grind with this restaurant, it is an unbiased review. this wasnt the only time i experienced this from their food. their chicken parm hero is always bad this way. this was the last time, the horror which is their food wasnt a one time thing its a common occurence.
