I have been coming to Jose Tejas for years, but it I am sorry to say - after tonight's treatment, I will never step foot in there again.  I am not only going to bombard the social media with this outrageous treatment, but I will be registering a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. We were at the bar as always having cocktails, while we waited the abnormal amount of time for a table, when we got buzzed to be seated.  My husband went to claim our seats, while I was in the ladies room and our friends were paying the bar tab.  My husband was not only scolded for the whole party not being present, but was threatened with the lose of our table.  (this happened a couple weeks back, where we actually lost our table for not all being present while paying a bar tab).  We all made our way to the table and asked for a manager.  Very nice young man, who was patient and a good listener, trying to explain to us the corporate policy. We finally move on from this episode, but not for long.....my friend order a meal to go for her son as she has done numerous times before, but the waiter told her no he she couldn't have take out orders.  To our amazement asked when this happened....with some back and forth we thought he surrendered to place the order, but lo and behold another manager walks over.  (Not as nice as the first one).  This manager was indignant, rude and just talked over my friend as if he really didn't care as to her complaint. Let's just say it got a bit heated, we paid our check and was preparing to leave.  My friend asked for the managers business card as well  as corporate.  The waiter provided us with his first name only as he didn't know his last name.  After a brief conversation, the waiter went back and told the manager she called him an ass.  Next thing we knew - the manager is following her out of the restaurant - coming at her with insults. I've never seen a manager chase any customer . How can a corporation as popular as Jose Tejas employ such trash.  Unprofessionally, rude and disrespectful people.  Even some of the hostesses believe they are the almighty with their nasty attitudes.   This restaurant has gone down hill.  They rank up there with Comcast, Verizon, etc. no one cares about the loyalty of their current customers, they're out there looking for the next new customer.  They want you back when your gone.... They need to go back in time where customer loyalty and satisfaction was the most important thing to a business. Being treated like you are a nobody and your opinion means nothing, isn't a place I want or will frequent ever again.
