Experience: Nightmare at Rasoi On a scale of 1 to 5 ----------------------------- Food - 3 Ambience - 2 Service - 0 (does not deserve 1) Recommendation: Avoid at all costs Customer service was worst at best. a) We were initially seated in a place that somehow ended up in the aisle, and the air conditioning was hurling hurricanes right at us. Initially they said they had no other place (to seat two), but when we decided to walk away, we were accomodated in another section that was much cozier. b) After 30 minutes of ordering the food, we had to remind them to serve us the free appetizer (papad) c) The beer we ordered came only after 40 minutes d) Unfortunately, the beer that I ordered came only in bigger bottles - and I did not want to drink that much as I had to drive. I told them to get me some brand in a normal 12-oz bottle - the waitress went back to the counter, and came back, replying that they cannot take the bottle back as it has already been opened. When I asked why was I not told that this comes only in bigger bottles, she replied "Dont tell me you dont know (that this brand comes only in bigger bottles), sir". So much for customer service. After arguing for 2 minutes, they agreed to serve us a smaller bottle instead. e) After another period of eternal waiting, another waiter pointed out to the waitress and asked why have we not been served food yet. (This was overheard by my spouse). She told him to do the serving and added that she would not do it. f) When the final check came, there was another shocker. (i) They had charged us for both the beers (big one that they agreed to take back, and the smaller one), and (ii) They had missed taking into account an extra bread that we ordered. The nice person that I am, I pointed out both, which made the owner/manager approach us. She mentioned that she does not have the authority to not charge us for the opened bottle and that we have to pay for both the beers. She added that I can take the open bottle of beer home if I wanted. I was so #$*(ed of at this stage that I told her that I will pay for it, but I dont need any take-outs. And the smart penny-pinching-at-the-cost-of-customer-service person that she was, the cost for extra bread was added to the final check. On a final note, the restaurants that we tend to visit repeatedly have great food matched by quality service. And then there are some like Rasoi, where the experience made us vow not to approach the entire chain (later we heard from our friend that they have Rasoi restaurants at Monmouth, Jersey City, Oak Tree Road).
