NEVER EVER RETURNING TO THIS PLACE! I had called Cuban Pete's on Thursday, May 16th @ 3:31 pm to make reservations for a party of nine. After arranging with the attendees from different areas, we decided to arrange our reservation for Sunday, May 19th. I called confirmed with the female that answered the phone that our Sunday, 4:30 reservation was confirmed. Upon arrival on Sunday, the place was so hectic, disorganized, loud (screaming kids up the stairs) and one woman who nearly fell if she wasn't caught by her spouse due to the lack of space. I guess that should've been my sign!! When I went to inform the host of our arrival, she called her "manager" who nonchalantly, arrogantly, rudely, informed us that there was no reservation for us!!!!!!! I immediately became upset as we all drove over an hour to get to this place!! I asked if we could be accommodated as someone in his establishment has clearly done something. He shrugged his shoulders and said you can wait two hours. This would clearly upset anyone especially someone who MADE reservations. The "manager" wrote something in a yellow pad that clearly had numerous names crossed off (perhaps mine). After I mentioned, writing a review on the restaurant he immediately crossed our names and rudely said he would seat us. At that time, I told the "manager" off for his lack of empathy, accommodation, customer service. He responded with "Oh, great we have some New Yorkers here". His unprofessionalism, discriminatory behavior and profiling was certainly not appreciated and I will ensure all respective boards across New Jersey are aware of the behavior that has been ongoing at this establishment!!! I think the Board should look into the excess amount of people in the establishment as its clear there are numerous violations being broken. Also, very important to mention the OWNER who identified himself as the manager was the one who I was referring to. I do not know any business owner who does not take into account their position, but I can see why his staff is so careless because of the example they are following! After researching the restaurant it was determined the owner, Dominic Restaino was arrested and charged with sale, possession, and consumption of alcohol at a restaurant without a license. Now I understand why he would not want to be identified! If you want a true Cuban cuisine, go to Havana 59! Excellent food, alcoholic beverages (with a legal liquor license) and true, respectful staff and owners!
