This is coming from a jaded new yorker who just move back to the east village a couple months ago and has actually lived in Spain in the past (Barcelona).  It began with the black and white pinstriped awning and the pretty gold sign which I spotted from east 10th street and drew me closer and closer.  I am really stunned with how gorgeous this place is nestled near the corner deli I've know for years and some cool brownstones (that I should have bought into years ago) such as the charlie parker place and all directly across tompkins square park.  The place is a stunning slice of spain with every design detail (mosaic floors, antique maps, cool arched shelving) accounted for...  they had me at pinstriped awning.  It was an off time like 4pm but they were still open and i got a seat at the bar to really take this place in.  It was killing me that I couldn't remember what this space use to be, and then I was in disbelief when the bartender told me it use to be the old pet store with the giant green awning...  you had to know the pet store to even further appreciate what this space is now. Honestly, I would have been content with just a trader joe's caliber glass of wine and some bread and olive oil that visit due to the visual love affair I was having with the space...  didn't mention that I even discovered a small dining room in the middle of the space that has a sky light! where did this place come from?!  But hen i saw these crazy tortillas on display at the end of the bar.  they looked like tall cakes  so i didn't pay them too much attention at fist but when the bartender explained that they were double layered tortillas stuffed in between they took on a whole different dimension.  I got a slice of the veggie one, they also had a meat option with jamon, which had leeks and spinach in between (plus a couple other things that i can't recall at this time like a mild cheese).  The tortilla was really "clean", not greasy, and super tasty.  I couldn't get over the actual classic tortilla layers and how spot on they were.  I have to remind you that I've lived in Spain and really ate my way through much of that country and couldn't recall a better tortilla than the one I was having now (at the former pet store no less!).  At that point I saw this place had more to it then just looks...  I got the menu and with the assistance of the bartender, really knowledgeable guy by the way, I navigated through the long list of "pintxos" (basque style tapas) and chose several: Bonito (special tuna from spain) pulpo (octopus) baccaloa (salt cured cod) Each of these were served on a crostini of bread and classified as a "montadito" on the menu.  These are the reason I'm taking the time to actually write a review now b/c they were the best part of an already intriguing first visit.  the little guys were like art pieces when they were presented to me...  really exceptional 3 to 4 bite treats.  The taste profiles were even better. The bonito was a show stopper...  the quality of the tuna itself was like nothing i've had since Spain and the toppings draped over it including a spanish white anchovie and a roasted sweet piqillo pepper were awesome.  Then the octopus which the bartender told me was galicean.  It was very well put together as well and finished with aioli and pimenton...  really delicious...  wanted to order another of it after the first bite.  last was the Baccaloa which comes in the "whipped" style made with potato as well.  It had carmelized onlions and special sundried tomatoes over it...  this was one tasted so much lighter than it looked that I felt like stuffing my face in a bowl of it.  Again on the baccalao, I have had this style of salt cod many times in spain and portugal and often enjoyed it but rarely did i enjoy it and feel that I could eat and long for a ton more of it. So after a couple bites I was already making plans on bringing my most foodie friends to this spot to show off my new discovery and take ownership of this recommendation in my hood.  Will report back after a full scale meal at this spot with friends...  definitely eyeing the private room with the skylight for it.   Oh...  forgot to mention that this place has some serious wines from the motherland...  can't report too much on this aspect at the moment b/c just sampled one on this visit...  a great Txakoli on tap!
