I really, really wanted to love this place.  I live nearby, and I was hoping for something like a Citarella with some dine-in options.   What we ended up with is a crowded food hall with bad attitude attitude (but good people watching). Unfortunately, it is just not a pleasant experience to shop at Eataly.   The dining experience is a bit better.  You have to wait for a looonng time, but it is fun to walk around and check out the merchandise.  By the time I was done looking around, they were just about ready to seat me.  Once I sat down in the pasta place, my meal was nice - not amazing - but nice.  Definitely not worth an hour's wait.  I also think the idea that you have to pick between pasta/pizza, fish, veggie, etc. is stupid.  I wanted pasta and my companion wanted fish.   The shopping experience totally sucks.  The merchandise is all over the place and you have to walk through the dining areas to access the various food for purchase areas.  If you needed to do a serious shop where you needed to grab more than a bag of items for a dinner party, it would simply not be possible.  The idea that someone could get around with a cart is ridiculous.  The pricing is also over the top.  I had read somewhere that the pricing would be similar to Whole Foods - not even in the same ballpark. Finally, the customer service is shameful.  They actually have signs posted with the philosophy of Eataly.  The first point is that the customer is not always right.  The second point is that Eataly is not always right.  The third point was some BS about harmonious living together.  If Eataly is telling its staff that the customer is not always right, that's a bad start.  And from my interactions with the staff, they have certainly taken this philosophy to heart and displayed a very bad attitude towards the customers - they were very cranky. I have actually had better service in Italy - where they are knows for bad service!!  Maybe this will improve once the hordes move on, but for now, I will keep my distance and definitely NOT stop in for a shopping expedition. One last complaint:  it is totally unclear where you have to pay for things.  Some things are paid for at the nearest counter - other things you can't pay for at the nearest counter and have to take to check-out.  I am not waiting in multiple lines to do my shopping.  Also, the check-out is a disaster.  It wraps around into the eating area, so you are crowding the table sitters just trying to pay for your merchandise. I will withhold final judgment until the place calms down a bit, but I think they focused too much on the restaurants and not enough on the market.  Given the size of the place and the cost of stocking the merchandise, Eataly will need to find a better way to service customers looking to shop if they want to make a serious go of being a grocery store. On  a positive note, we left Eataly annoyed and checked out the new Trader Joe's on 6th ave - just a few blocks away.  What a great shopping experience!  Batali and co. should make a visit so they can better understand what the customer experience should be.  I hope they take some action - as I really want Eataly to be successful.
