I love Thai food and have eaten lots of it in my time, from Boston to New York to Philly and then some. All in all, Baan Thai is easily the best Thai restaurant in Philly and certainly one of the best of all the Thai restaurants I've tried. For me, consistency is key, and Baan Thai brings it every single time. We've eaten here probably around 25 times over the last couple of years and have never been disappointed. The service is impeccable -- friendly, accommodating and fast. They are BYOB, which is a huge plus for us as we do like our wine very much. And, most importantly, the food is amazing. I crave their red curry and I cannot imagine going there without ordering it, with seafood in my case. I read in a previous review that the fish cakes (Tod Mun) were outstanding and that reviewer was absolutely right. Easily the best I have ever had. The firecracker shrimp are also a must-have. Other notable appetizers are the calamari (Golden Rings) and the spring rolls. Everything I've tried has been wonderful. The sauces served with the appetizers are also delightful and overall effect of the complementary flavors is truly a sensuous experience. My wife always must have the Seafood on the Flame which is served actually on fire (part of the allure for her) and is always delicious. We have brought our son, who is not known for his broad palate or his willingness to try new foods, but he ordered the duck tamarind (for reasons unknown to me) and he absolutely loved it. I tried as much as he would allow and it was incredible. We live in the neighborhood so we always eat there which I strongly suggest as nothing beats having the food served to you directly from the kitchen, (especially the dishes served on fire...) The atmosphere is quaint and very pleasant. A nice bit of romance to it. They have a fountain which quietly bubbles in the corner and usually have some decent background music playing. Always clean, always friendly and always quick service. And like I said, I always get what I come for -- consistency. So, overall, not only the best Thai food and Thai restaurant in the city, but overall one of the best restaurants in the city, period.
