Alta was one of my all-time favorite restaurants.  The environment, the magical multi-level space in the back, the small plates, the UNBELIEVABLY DELICIOUS CRISPY BRUSSEL SPROUTS.... I told everyone I knew about the place, the brussel sprouts, etc... It was a positive relationship. Well, I went in this past Friday with a friend of mine around 10:30pm. It really busy, but we managed to find two seats at the bar.  We grabbed a menu nearby and started perusing. About 10 minutes passed and, despite the fact that there were about 5 (not exaggerating) people behind the bar, not one person acknowledged us in any way.  Finally, the brown haired, glass wearing bartender turned to us and we got the chance to order.  So I order a Pacifico beer, the brussel sprouts, and, because I am a sucker for fluke sashimi and truffled* anything, I ordered the truffled fluke sashimi.  Yeah. Strange combo. Whatever.  He didn't have to accompany my order with a WTF look. So then my friend orders a cocktail with Aquavit in it.  The bartender frowns at him and then asks, "Have you ever HAD aquavit? My friends looks at him, not quite knowing what to say, only wondering if it was some sort of faux pas to order this cocktail.  Friend answers yes and bartender reluctantly takes order.   Next thing, the bartender arrives with plates and napkins, which he literally threw onto the table in front of us.  (and not in that accidental way... the kind that says fuck you to the recipient)  It was totally bizarre.   So, after a considerably long period, the fluke sashimi arrives.   Umm.... I don't know what else to say but, disgusting.  Thick cuts of fluke topped with this crispy truffle oil misted piece of I don't know what. Like so bad I couldn't finish the rest. *don't get me started on the misuse of the word "truffled". So we just pushed the plate a bit away from us to signal that it could be taken.  No one paid attention and when the busser finally came to ask, the bartender interjected, saying to leave the plate there.   It was all just strange and rude and alienating. Like the moment we ordered he brought the check...  What if I had wanted to open a tab? What if I wanted a second beer? Was I supposed to open multiple checks? The only positive element were the crispy brussel sprouts.  They simply cannot lose and I would recommend Alta for that sole reason.   I am normally ingratiating to a fault as customer and, having been a server for many years, I understand the difficulties and annoying aspects of the business.  So I try to be as understanding and generous as I can.  But being ignored, belittled, and generally treated like shit while being served subpar food is not my idea of fun nor was it my idea of Alta.   Alta, please reconsider your hiring choices and your sushi chef....
