3.5 Stars. Came for an early dinner on Sunday night in the summer. Seated right away at a table for two near the window, far enough away from the hustle and bustle, though very close to our neighbors, not really a bother, but be advised, you could be nearly bumping elbows with folks. We were served promptly by a very efficient, and attentive, if not the friendliest server (everybody is allowed to be tired of working I suppose). Just as a little snack to start we had the deviled egg. Very tasty, with a spicy kick, though far too salty for my taste, personally. 3 stars. Both my date and I ordered the burger, mine I asked for rare, which...yeah I suppose it was nearly there; delicious, however it was cooked. The roquefort cheese on the burger added a very unique and strong flavor, and they used just little enough of the cheese so that it didn't overpower the beef itself. Again, for my tastes, the cheese was too salty, but the flavor was distraction enough. Onto the perfectly grilled bun I added a dash of ketchup (which I don't think is your typical brand...not over-sweet) and it was lovely overall. One minor thing...the burger is served with fries...I won't even call them shoestring, more like "angel hair" fries. I discovered there is such a thing as too thin. Tasty though they were (anything deep fried with salt and rosemary is bound to be), I actually found it rather difficult to eat them. I resorted to a rather bizarre technique of smushing my burger into a pile of them and eating the ones that stuck with a bite of my burger. Strange I know, but effective. I seldom find myself enamored with French fries, but when I do, they are thin, but I can also tell that it's potato that I'm eating! Burger: 4 stars Overall a very good experience, and even though I can't help but feel like some of what I am paying for is rent in the West Village, I do like the neighborhood as much as the owner apparently does, and will almost certainly return. Food: 3.5 Service 3.5 Atmosphere: 4 Price: 3
