This place is great! When I walked in I was greeted by the super friendly and sweet hostess. I love when the hostess of a restaurant is nice because it makes me feel welcomed. She was a doll and she took my walk-in reservation and said that they will do the best to accommodate us as the restaurant is packed. As soon as my entire party of 5 arrived we were seated within 5 minutes. The general ambiance of the place itself will bring me back here. It reminded me of an old french wine bar meets rustic cabin. The walls were made of brick and they had delicate chandlers hanging from the ceiling which created for a very welcoming vibe. Now, on to the food --- UNBELIEVABLE! We ordered the sheep's ricotta cheese and black truffle honey bruschette which was amazing. It was a bit small, but the taste of the dish was yummmm. Their cured meat platter was very good too, so I recommend that. My friends tried their polenta dish and they enjoyed that also. For mains, two of us ordered the gnocchi di ricotta which was by far one of the best pasta dishes ive ever had. The gnocchi wasnt very heavy which i loved. It came in this divine black truffle sauce which i couldnt get enough off. Ahh just thinking about it makes me want it right now! Previous reviewers all raved about this dish, so we had to try it. We weren't sorry at all! I never finish an entire pasta dish but i managed to house the entire thing (and the serving size was quite big too). My friends ordered the penne gratinate (a baked pasta dish with red sauce. So good and very fresh tasting), melanzane alla parmigiana (essentially an eggplant parm. I didnt try this but he loved it), and petto d'anatra (their duck dish which was awesome). Their wine menu was extensive and diverse which we loved. I want to go back to try other wines that they have. All in all, this restaurant is very highly recommended. We mainly saw groups of friends there, so its a great social spot. But, i would come back with my husband for a great, fun meal too!
