First a clarification based on other reviews that I've now read: this "restaurant" does not feature local food.  It serves what appeared to be Sysco foodservice fresh from the freezer bag. #1 Right off the bat, I'll let you know that this is the first time I've walked away from a meal. #2 I'm embarrassed to admit that I had the poor judgement to set foot in this place and waste my Friday night Restaurant Week reservation. #3 If you're going to charge $32 for a widely advertised Restaurant Week Prix Fixe dinner to attract new diners to your restaurant, you should serve your best, not entrees that you would expect to have on your tray as you exit the cafeteria line at Ikea. The food: A basket of three small balls of what tasted like stale bagel/pizza dough were brought to the table.  The first item you serve of a meal should not be terrible, especially if it's a roll.  This does not bode well for the rest of the meal. "Fried Risotto Balls stuffed with Smoked Gouda:" Balls of white rice with an imperceptible amount of gouda that tasted like...well balls of mushy white rice. "Sautéed Fiddleheads with wild mushrooms, onions and truffle oil:" The mushrooms, onions and truffle oil were good--how can you go wrong when you splash truffle oil into a dish?  The fiddleheads, which I've had before and enjoyed in Maine and California, had a strange bitter flavor; like propane. When the entrees were set down, I got up. "Grilled Free Range Chicken over wilted spinach with lemons and pine nuts and rosemary roasted potato:" This was what appeared to be a large, bone-in, cutlet that was pre-sliced; not a half or quarter of what used to be chicken.  The potatoes were freezer bag wedges. "Grilled Short Ribs Braised with a Port Demiglaze with vegetable and rosemary roasted potatoes:" These were not short ribs on the bone, but slightly charred lumps of deboned spare rib meat drenched in sauce and served in a bowl.  Again the potatoes could have been purchased in the freezer aisle of a supermarket. The atmosphere: The server/hostess greeted us with a cloud of her cigarette smoke at the door.  The cushioned bench at the entrance smelled like it had been in the basement of a crack house (mildew mixed with smoke).  The music was a 90's club mix, including bad West Coast Gangsta' Rap--not exactly fine dining music.  The bathroom featured a bucket of cleaning products; fake, dusty ivy; and was inline with the general chintzy decay of the place.  It was clear that no one cared about or was responsible for the appearance of the establishment.  If you do go, make sure not to make the mistake that we did of removing the scented candle from your table; you'll be able to taste your food. The service: There were no bread plates on our table, even though other tables had them.  When the entrees were served we made the mistake of not immediately leaving.  Having never done this before, I politely requested a check for our appetizers so that we could be on our way.  Our server and the chef/owner managed to draw this out into a 10 minute process of waiting to speak with him.  When he finally appeared, he did not apologize, was rude, and haggled over the price of the appetizers, finally removing the glass of wine we had not drunk from the check. The resolution: We went to Kitchen Zinc, a delicious standby that does serve seasonal and local ingredients, when possible.  With luscious wine and and the complex flavors of our pizzas, we enjoyed the rest of our evening.
