I HATE YOU TOO RUBEN JAMES!! Horrible story- I would give 0 stars if I could, on account of the fact that the place is operated by a bunch of washed up frat-tastic a-holes. I used to go here from time to time, only because it was super easy to get into before turning 21. However, when I was finally legal I was treated so horribly I vowed to never return. I took a picture of my friend and I in there and the bartender said "don't do that", I couldn't for the life of me figure out why nor could I remember having ever been told not to previously, so I didn't take it seriously and I did it again anyways. My fault, yes I know, I shouldn't have, but what happened next was uncalled for. The bartender came all the way around the bar all pissed off and immediately grabbed my arm aggressively, which he shouldn't be doing anyways let alone really hard, and pulled me all the way to the door with no regard for the fact that I was almost tripping over myself in an attempt to keep up, all the while he was yelling loudly "Don't ever let this ugly B*tch back in this bar again!" at everyone in earshot, which was a lot of people. Then he lightly pushed me out the door. I'm not a rowdy drunk and I didn't put up even a  verbal fight, I'm a nice girl.- not mouthy or violent. Never in my life have i been treated like that.  I sat on the curb and cried, and when I wrote a letter to the owner the next day detailing my experience I never heard a word back. F*CK RJ'S!! And the people in there generally suck anyways and the food is crap. I ordered crab cakes once and it was made out of mostly stove top stuffing. It's no wonder they hand out free food or they wouldn't be able to entice any decent people to fill the place up. So, If you miss hanging out at a douchey frat where the guys and girls are more preoccupied with the mirror behind the bar than to grasp what it means to be a person of substance, go to RJs! And if it's full, you can just go down the block to What Ales You! Talk to any decent person in Burlington and they'll all join together in laughter at what a sanctuary this place is for what's wrong with our generation.
