I got a craving for mac and cheese so what better place to fulfill the craving, or so I thought.  My first trip there will be my last.  I walked in and there were about 4 tables of people.  I was barely greeted by a young girl at the register.  I ordered the traditional mac and cheese because I figured how could I go wrong?  I placed my order at 3:04 pm.  As I sat I observed.  The young staff looked clueless as the stood behind the counter waiting for orders to come out.  There were more people behind the register than there were patrons.  Orders came out slowly so I figured mine would be coming soon.  The young boy behind the register looked at me a few times and realized he took my ticket and placed it as if my order had been delivered.  I saw him check thru and remove my ticket and place it back on the board.  I saw another man who went up to the register who was there with his family.  His wife got her food while he and the 2 kids were still waiting.  I spoke to the woman and we agreed this was ridiculous.   I decided to go to the register to investigate.   The young boy whispered that there was an error and my order would be out soon.  This was unacceptable because he didnt even try to explain this alleged error nor did he try to offer a solution.  As the other gentleman requested his refund, I decided to request a refund.  The young owner was annoyed.  He had the nerve to be annoyed AT ME! and not annoyed at his staff the screwed things up.  They said my order was about to come out, but I still wanted a refund.  They manager told the cook to throw out my order and the cook abruptly crumpled up my ticket.  If I was trying their restaurant for the first time and I was patient enough to wait almost a half hour for simple mac and cheese, why would they not try to keep me as a customer and give me the damn food if they were just going to throw it out?  They screwed up and made no accomodation for ther error and my patience.  Had they done that, I would have given them another shot.  They guy did comp my soda, but at that point I was starving and all I wanted to do was eat.  That is what happens when young kids TRY to run a business.  They have no business sense and they will lose a lot of business this way.  Good luck, I hope you find your way, but you will be closed in no time if you dont figure it out soon.  From the other reviews I read, maybe that was a blessing in disguise that my food didnt come out because from what I read,  its not that good.
