Went here on a last minute invite from a friend for a girl's night out...and it was AMAZING!!!  It is tucked away on a side street in Society Hill and you have to ring a bell to get in which at first made me a bit uneasy but not long after you are invited in, all reservations in your mind are forgotten!!!  The decor is eye catching and all of the employees are super nice and lead you very carefully - there were quite a few steps and turns to a private room for a large party(there were 18 of us) onto the second floor.  The light setting is super low but just enough to see where you are going and what you are eating.  We had reservations for the 8:30 p.m. seating and were in there for about and 1 1/2 from start to finish...It is BYO(but they do still offer a full bar) and serve a pre fixed menu with 7 courses but before they start rolling out the food they have you cleanse your hands with a rose oil...then the smorgasbord begins!!!...The time between courses was not too short or long and you do have 2 options for about 3 out of the seven courses.  Between all the ladies in our party we all had ordered an equal amount between the choices-keep in mind depending on how many you are with and i suppose where they seat you, you share a huge plate of whatever choice you make so everyone at your table has to agree on one choice.  They also have a vegetarian option for all courses!!  During your feast you will have the pleasure of being entertained by a beautiful belly dancer( Im not sure that because we were such a large group we got to enjoy 2 dances or if it was because we demanded a second one:)...) and the entertainer will coax you up to join and shake your hips right along with her!!  And the price...well it is just right!!  All in all it was an amazing first time experience for me being introduced to a moroccon experience and cannot wait to go back!!  And it just so happens that a friend of mine just switched her quickly upcoming Bachlorette party plans from Bellini Grill to Marrakesh!!!
