Before I get into the grit of my antipathy towards Zahav, I must preface with admitting that I have never actually tasted the food they claim to serve.  I'll try and be brief.  My girlfriend and I, who would probably cringe at being called "foodies" but do enjoy a relative familiarity with fine dining, made an attempt to experience Zahav last Saturday night.  The earliest seating was 9:30pm.  We arrived, on-time, to a packed but square and drably decorated dining room, which predictably flaunted the trendy-but-tired exposed kitchen.  I counted about three dozen patrons, awkwardly jockeying for position around an ordinarily stocked bar, apparently waiting to be seated, and downing drinks like it was a solution.  There was an air of faithless apprehension in the building, peculiarly overpowering what one would expect to be the aroma of exquisitely prepared delectables.  It took a half hour for the bartender to notice us, and between rounds, a brightly colored scarf would have been helpful.  Having worked in the restaurant industry in the past, I found it strangely discordant that a bartender would continue polishing glasses as his patrons sat thirsty.  The bar was out of Pinot Grigio and there was no Cabernet Sauvignon in the building.  I took the bar backs advice, on what I requested to be, a comparable but complimentary vino for the forthcoming Israeli cuisine.  He dryly recommended, what must have been the wettest, candy-sweet wine that South American had to offer.  Using secret angry-girl eye-talk, my date managed to arrange for the hostess to seat us by 11:20pm.  Although it was an uncharacteristically cool and comfortable July night, the dining room was aggravatingly hot.  I looked around, hoping to be lured by some effectually tantalizing dish, but to my disappointment I could not find a single entrée served in sight - just a growing number of grouchy faces, radiating heat.  The person polishing glasses behind the bar gawked at me when I asked him to add our drinks to the table.  Regretfully, I tipped him more then he deserved.  By 11:35pm the basket of assorted mediocre breads had been rummaged through, and our fourth round of wine ingested.  Still no server in sight.  The wine was enjoying its freedom in our stomachs.  After finishing our beverages, with no hint of solid food as far as the eye could see, we elected to cut our losses.   It has to be said that I'm equally disappointed that Philadelphia Magazine ranked Vetri and James, second and third behind Zahav as Philadelphia's Best Restaurants of 2009.  Zahav is not even in the same weight class!  I was looking for something to remind me that I needed to cancel my subscription anyway.  To all the loyal fans, I realize that there is a remote chance, that if we had stayed, we would have enjoyed much of what Zahav had to serve, but truthfully, I seriously doubt even the most talented chef could turn around such a tasteless display of inhospitality.
