It's not just about the food - So last night my wife and I and another couple find ourselves in Hartford for the Springsteen concert and I said I looked up on Yelp and found "Salute" to have gotten great reviews, let's head over there for a pre-show dinner. We walked in at 5, prior to the other couple arriving, and go to the desk. My wife says "table for 4, please" and the gentleman asks if we have a reservation, to which we answer "no". He said - "I'm sorry but we are booked, and honestly without a reservation you'll have trouble finding anyplace that is good to eat tonight due to the concert, please don't be mad" My wife says - "oh I'm not mad at you, I'm mad at him for not making a reservation." I think that this nice man behind the desk felt my pain and said "give me your name and let me know when your friends arrive and I will make sure you get a meal here before your concert" I then said, no wonder you have such great YELP reviews. We took a seat at the bar, which was packed and looked over the drink and appetizer specials. Knowing we had some time we order a few starters to eat at the bar. Sweet Potato Ravioli, Mussels and a Tuna Tempura. All 3 of these were really, REALLY good, Our friends arrived and now that we are a first name basis with our host, we let Jimmy know that we were all here. He gave us a menu and said to look it over and just as a table would be available he would come for our order so we can be timely. So about 10 minutes later he came back and took our orders, 5 minutes after that we were being seated and within a minute our food was at the table - PERFECT!!! We each had pasta dishes and all were terrific. We were also smart enough to order the garlic cheese bread - you HAVE to order the garlic cheese bread when you are here, it is delicious. The portions are really generous and we couldn't finish, so it just figures that during one of the multiple table checks by Jimmy he offered to wrap and hold our leftovers until the concert was over, he even said if we were hungry when we came back he would warm them up! we paid our check and upon leaving stopped to thank him for all his help, he said "oh wait - i have something for you to take along" and he returned with 2 bags of biscotti for the walk up to the show. Well as it turns out Jimmy is one of the owners, but everyone that we encountered last night was as attentive to their customers as he was so kudos to Jimmy and everyone at Salute for an experience that we will remember and talk about for some time. THANKS!!!
