My husband and I had been wanting to try Talula's for quite some time and were really looking forward to our experience.  Unfortunately, it fell well below our expectations.  Though, I will say that the food was very tasty and the restaurant, both outside and in, is aesthetically beautiful.   We arrived one hour early for our reservation, hoping that we could put our name in for an outside table (which is only first-come, first-served).  When we realized how warm it was in the garden, we chose to have our meal inside as intended.  We informed the hostess of our arrival, who seemed less than thrilled to have more guests approach the hostess stand.  She said that she would inform us when our table was ready.  At the time of our arrival, we noticed several empty two-top tables, which presumably were being held for earlier two-person reservations.   As planned, we had a drink in the lovely garden (though the red wine was unbearably warm, but we prefer not to send anything back if we can help it).  We went back inside 15-minutes prior to our reservation to check on the status.  We were greeted by the hostess with an unfriendly and snarky comment that we would be seated at the time of our reservation.  There was no seating area but we waited by the hostess stand, as there also wasn't any available seating at the bar indoors.  While waiting, six two-person parties arrived (at this point, well after our own arrival time), all of which were immediately seated (or at least within 5-minutes of arriving).  We ended up being seated 10 minutes after the time of our reservation - at this point, we had been there for an hour and 10 minutes.  A different hostess walked us to our table; she was very sweet and apologetic, which was welcomed after our experience with the other hostess. Our waitress was nice, though upon ordering a glass of wine each, she nonchalantly asked us if we wanted a bottle.  Perhaps if there were three of us at the table ordering the same glass of wine, this would have been an appropriate question.  But in terms of upselling, this was not upselling at its best.  If we wanted a bottle for the two of us, we would have ordered one.   In any case, the meal was good.  The manager was very good as well; he took notice of how long we had been waiting and was apologetic.  It was unnecessary, but we were offered a small appetizer and two desserts on the house.  This was very kind, and I understand that this is a cost-effective way to appease guests who have been waiting a long time; however, it would have been nicer if he just gave us our glasses of wine for free (or even just one) or perhaps a small percentage off of our bill.  While we appreciated his efforts, it extended our time at the restaurant and all we really wanted to do was go home.  We ended up being at the restaurant for three hours, MUCH longer than we anticipated or desired to spend at Talula's.   I know Starr Restaurants is better than this, though, I'm honestly not surprised.  It's always a scene...always supposed to seem like the restaurants are the hottest in town.  That's not true at all. Not really on our list of restaurants to revisit...
