High hopes, invited 4 friends to join us. Bar was great, atmosphere interesting (its a refurbished train station). Charcuterie/cheese board was nicely presented, very tasty, served with focaccia and toppings.  Salads and appetizers were good, albeit small portions - arugula with white beans, thick cut bacon with brussel sprouts, and pork cheeks were selected and enjoyed. Entrees were another story.  The pork selections, lamb stew, and hanger steak were all OK flavor wise, but once again portions very small.  The risotto entrees, one with sausage and one with butternut squash, were served in such a small portion it was embarrassing and insulting. At $21 a plate (for rice!), you would at least expect an ample amount...NOT! The sausage was ground, then added to the risotto, and thankfully, was decent tasting - but the diner was still hungry.  The butternut squash risotto was made with a puree of squash that was invisible and indiscernible, and seasoned with way too much mace.  It was sent back. The meal was taken off the bill. The manager offered to have something else prepared,and a half portion of pumpkin cavatelli was chosen -  but sadly, we discovered, it was NOT comped, which is customary in a better restaurant. (A good manager knows that all it takes to turn an unhappy customer into one that won't be upset about a bad experience is a little TLC.) 2 friends ordered desserts of ice cream.  They should have thought better of that. The spicy chocolate ice cream was not spice-d with flavors of cinnamon, ginger or nutmeg, it was HOT and spice-d (or SPIKED!) with an enormous amount of cayenne pepper!!  Chili pepper normally goes nicely with chocolate, when used in a moderate amount. The diner and friends tasted this one all the way in the back of their throats! Yuck! The noise level was also quite a problem in this establishment.  It is not pleasant to have to yell across the table to be heard by your companions. The bill, without tip, for 6 people and the above mentioned food, along with a bottle of wine and 4 cocktails was $350. And we were still hungry.  We won't be going back.  And I wouldn't recommend it to you, either.
