Although we never went to Battersby's, we were aware of it's excellent reputation and were excited to try their new location which was even closer to where we live. The bottom line is that they hit some strong high notes, but a little tweaking could earn it another star or more from us. First off, I have to say that I find it off-putting not to be able to reserve a table at the initially desired time, and then arrive to a restaurant that is less than half full. However, the impeccable service staff set right to work and we couldn't have asked for more from them. They were all very knowledgeable, friendly, and efficient. We were started off with an amuse bouche of finely made gougeres - very light and tasty. Our first appetizer was an order of raw PEI oysters. Although they were served with freshly ground horseradish on them, we would have preferred to season them ourselves so as to be able to taste more of the oysters themselves. This was followed by another amuse bouche of a root vegetable soup, which was, again, very light and delicious. Then the bread plate came out. Wow! A fresh-baked baguette of sorts and a very thin, crispy flatbread.  These were accompanied by two spreads - one a creamy ricotta cheese, and the other an olive tapenade and something else creamy (I'm not sure what.) Awesome. We ordered two other apps - the foie gras with apple chutney and quince, and the chopped cauliflower with hazelnuts, raisins, and colatura. Unfortunately, neither one hit the mark for us. Our main courses were the lamb ribs with eggplant and the cod grenobloise. Lamb was very tender and tasty, but a bit too fatty. Cod was somewhat too salty for my taste. Fir dessert, the banana cream pie was a hit, but the cake billed as "Brooklyn Blackout" was a disappointment for this Brooklyn native who grew up eating Ebinger's blackout cake. Also, it was served with beet ice cream, which I'd recommend changing to a different flavor in the future. One suggestion to the servers: since the tea comes in a bag the size of a small body bag, it should not stay in the teapot too long at all, unless someone wants VERY strong tea. Overall, it was a very enjoyable experience.
