Typically enjoy Cluck-U in Morristown.  This complaint isn't about the food, though I have always found the servings and quality (freshness) of food to be better in Morristown as well.  This review is about the horrendous quality of service provided at the Parsippany location. I work at a local business in Fairfield and we have ordered from this location before for pick up.  No real problems.  Average American-fare food, it is what it is.  I've always enjoyed the sandwiches and boneless wings.  However today we placed an order for delivery and a true nightmare has unfolded.  I am writing in present tense because we are still waiting for our food after over an hour and a half and several poor communication attempts from the driver and management. I think it is crucial to note that our store is LOCATED ON THE SAME STREET as this Cluck-U location.  The driver literally had to take ZERO different roads to deliver our food.  A bunch of my co-workers and I frequent the LA Fitness across the street from the Cluck-U and it takes us about 10 minutes to get there, perhaps 12-15 with some moderate to heavy traffic. The order was placed at around 4PM and it is now 5:41.  We spoke with the driver over four times and have called the business itself a number of times.  It was hard to find someone who spoke clear English at first.  When we did, we were told that the driver was now heading back to the Cluck-U to pick up new food for us since it had taken so long.   Update:  My co-worker came to my desk and informed me that he canceled the order after almost two hours of waiting for chicken wings being delivered literally down the street.  Our building is HUGE and has an equally visible sign out front.  We are not tucked away in a corporate center or mini-mall. Management didn't offer us the food for free, or any future compensation.  The patent stupidity displayed by this particular franchise means I will never be a patron there again and I will strongly advise others against it as well.
