[Edit 1/9/2008 - Was contacted by mentioned 'friendly bar tender' (dave) through Yelp where he offered an additional comp'd beer, an apology and explained that the waitress was new.   You can't always control how a new staff member acts, shit happens... will probably give it another shot] Worst Dining Experience Ever.  In all honesty I cannot remember the last time I have been this annoyed with somewhere. I have been to Eulogy a dozen times, usually for lunch as I live in Old City and work for home, and I always have had great service from the bartenders. Tonight (Sunday) I decided to pop in with a friend for Dinner, big mistake.  We ordered two gruyere cheese burgers,  and began the long wait.  15 minutes later we got our drinks.  My friend gets a soda (nursing a hangover) which has no CO2 in it, completely flat.  We tell the waitress, to which she replies "yeah our soda is really bad".  Well thanks for letting us know when we ordered it, and don't tell me 'the soda is bad', everyone uses the same syrup, the damn C02 needs to be changed.  We then watched the same conversation transpire with the couple next to us when a lady ordered a soda and the waitress told her their 'sprite was bad'  (with no apology). 55 Minutes later out came the burgers.  (Mind you it was a bit crowded, but certainly not overcrowded).  As the waitress brought out the burgers, my friend noticed one of them was on a hoagie roll. No apologies or explanation from the waitress.  To add insult to injury the burger on the roll was way overdone, charred to crisp (instead of medium) and the cheese was hard and cold.  No apologies from the waitress again, she actually made it seem that we were privileged to have her stop by the table (c'mon, it wasn't that busy) Thankfully the friendly bar tender downstairs comp'd the burger and we left and got Cheesesteaks at Sonny's which did not dissapoint. Thanks [new waitress], next time I'll goto Monks (and so will everyone I talk to). Theres a dozen ways you could have rectified the situation, all it would have taken was an apology.  [1/9/2008 see top for updates...]
