This is quite possibly the worst karaoke bar I have ever been to. I can't figure out all the glowing reviews. We went for a private room only. Our first complaint? Our private room was literally right next to the open bar singing area. The hostess promised that it would be fine once we started singing. But we had to CRANK the volume up super loud to even remotely drown out the sound of the drunken bar area. It was really annoying. They need to work on their room soundproofing or not have rooms so close to the main area. Second complaint...There were no song books. The song selection had to be done on a computer with a remote and the browsing was awful. if you knew a song you wanted to look for, it was ok. But the selection of choices was pretty lame so even when I thought of something I wanted to sing, it was unlikely they had that song. So we had to resort to awkward browsing. And, because there was only one computer to browse through, everyone had to take turns searching for songs to sing. We couldn't all be looking through books at the same time. This delayed our singing and we didn't get to do many songs because we were constantly trying to hunt for the next song to sing instead of just having a bunch of great things queued up. The music was also pretty crappy... casio sounding and mostly not real song versions. At one point, we plugging in "Sweet Dreams" and it was the real MTV video (which was cool)... but with no words? I mean, we knew all the words, but isn't karaoke about HAVING THE WORDS? Also... the contracts? Insanity. I have been to dozens of karaoke bars and have never had to sign my life away to use a room. Initial here and here and here in about 10 places. What? FINALLY... we had booked the room for an hour right before closing (closing 2 am, we were due out at 1:45). At around 1:40, a staff member came in to tell us our time was almost up and give us our bill. Fine. He said, "One more song." Which we had already planned on doing just one more since we knew our time was almost up. At 1:44 we're mid song and he comes back in and says, "Time is up." And we're like, "Right. We're out when we're done this song. Also, we still have a minute." and he RUDELY says, "No. TIme is up NOW." And then shuts the machine off? What the heck? I have NEVER in my life been shut down mid-song when we're being compleltely polite and not at all unruly (this was three totally sober nice young ladies in the room). And seriously, staff should not come in with the bill mid-singing. The bill should be taken care of at the register when the room is departed. I'll stick to the awesome karaoke places in NYC from now on I guess. They aren't militant about one minute of time (or heck, just charge you per minute if you go over) and have way better song selections. Maybe this is the best Philly has to offer though? In which case, I understand the karaoke addiction and you gotta do what you gotta do sometimes for the love of karaoke! Besides the rude staff and crazy contracts and bad song selection and weird computer thing... the room was really nice with new equipment and the food downstairs was good and nice to have on hand. So there were some perks at least. But really, this was the worst karaoke experience I've had in my life. Really really awful time.
