Listen...I don't know of a better authentic greek restaurant even remotely close that can measure up to Taverna Ouzo.  I mean maybe if you want to drive an 1hr+ into Astoria, NY...but let's be honest, that ain't happening with any frequency!   Ok, so... I come here exclusively whenever I need to satisfy my greek food cravings.  I've tried a good number of items on the menu and  some specials and have never left disappointed.  I could run through a complete breakdown of every dish I've had, but I'll save you some time and just give you a couple of my favorites.   If you love octopus...then my dear friends, wait till you try Ouzo's!  I order this appetizer 9 times out of ten.  Really fresh octopus ( the whole tentacle not cut up into medallions) that is fire grilled that has a perfect amount of char and its comes plated in an oh so delicious olive oil and greek vinaigrette with a couple roasted peppers and olives as garnish.  I usually save a couple pieces of the warm pita they provide to soak up the rest of the vinaigrette.  Really very good!   Another must have appetizer is their own homemade greek sausage.(Loukaniko) Seriously guys, there's not too many restaurants out there that make their own sausage in-house.  And if they do, it shows love... Anyhow, it is unbelievably good, unlike any sausage I've experienced.  I'm old-school Italian guy and trust me when i tell you, it's homemade goodness made with love! These two items are GOLD and when I find gold, I stick with it!  I can just order these two apps, dessert, coffee and I couldn't be more satisfied!  I have a big smile on my face just writing about it now! The Baklava is homemade and always top notch as well as the frappe(coffee).   There are a number of homemade dessert offerings all of which I tried and would recommend without any regret.   The service  has always been good, if she's available, ask for Alex...she's very knowledgable of the menu and can offer fantastic recommendations, especially if its your first time.  Btw, there is a full service bar with seating and a couple of TVs.   Also recommended:  Aegean salad, Spanakopita, lamb shank slow-cooked in clay pot that is melt in your mouth tender(it's prepared in a number of ways here, see menu online), slow roasted stuffed pork loin, and souvlaki.   Enjoy! -GimmeYourBestDish
