When I found out a Bahn Mi joint opened up in my neighborhood I was ecstatic!  There are no good Vietnamese sandwich places in Queens and when I get my Bahn Mi cravings (which is often) I have to travel all the way to Brooklyn.  I am happy to report, Joju's does not disappoint!  I've had the Bahn Mi at Pho Bac and other places in Queens, but their choices are limited and the sandwiches do not taste fresh and must be taken To-Go.   FOOD: I had the Grilled Pork chop and also the BBQ Pork sandwiches with spicy mayo.  They were really good - I loved the warm crusty bread (can be chewy at other Bahn Mi places) and the meat was very flavorful but not too salty.  I wish they put a little more meat because it was so yummy, but for less than $5 a sandwich, what would you expect?  The spicy mayo was great but not too spicy.  However, you can add your own amount of Sriracha sauce available on the tables there if you like it super spicy.  My friend had the Grilled Lemongrass Chicken Bahn Mi and said that it was yummy and the meat was very tender and juicy.  I will have to go back another time to try the Bulgogi Kimchi Bahan Mi.  Since I'm trying to cut down my sugar-intake I had the cold jasmine Green tea - not too sweet yet flavorful and healthy.  It was ok.....but I was eyeing my friend's Iced Vietnamese Coffee with Mocha and whipped cream the whole time.... SERVICE:  The service was great when I arrived - there were not too many people yet.  I had just beat the lunchtime rush.  When it did get busy, there were a lot of people waiting but no one seemed to really mind since it was so hot outside.  My advice is if you don't want to wait 10min or if you're ordering a lot of sandwiches - call it in beforehand.  The staff there is super friendly and really tries to cater to your needs.   AMBIENCE:  Very chill, minimalist atmosphere and very clean and new.  The bathroom was surprisingly really nice.  I think they had around 4 or 5 tables there. Overall, I enjoyed my food experience at Joju's and will be going back soon when my next Bahn Mi craving hits and will update my review....
