This place is the real deal. I kept seeing it going to work in the morning and saw it was a new restaurant and club so I went with my wife last Friday night. The place is magnificent inside. Beautiful columns embrace you as you walk in. They had a nice crowd as we arrived so we had a drink first. The bartender was very attentive and came to us immediately. All the bars in the restaurant and discoteca have been completely redone from the last establishment and it shows. The drinks were very reasonably priced and made right. We sat down and ordered a bottle of chianti from there wine cellar that looks terrific and 2 appetizers, the meatball and the Quattro Formagi pizza. They were outstanding! The meatball is the size of your head and feeds 4. It was incredibly moist and was a great presentation. The pizza was one of the best I have ever had. It has riccota, mozzerella, fontina, and gorganzola cheese topped with carmalized onions. It was a thin crust pizza. The pizza was cooked perfectly in this italian, coal oven they have in the back on display. The crust had the perfect crunch to it and the cheeses mixed together with the sweetness of the onions to form an amazing pie. For dinner my wife got the cavatelli and I got the giambota. Both were right on point! The cavatteli is homemade everyday. It had broccoli rabe and olives that comes tossed in olive oil and romano cheese. It was cooked perfectly! The cavatelli noodle was the perfect texture and all the flavors came together to form an amazing dish. My giambolta was an excellent dish as well. It had bone in chicken breast, italian sausage, peppers, and potatoes all served in a skillet. Everything was cooked to perfection and served hot. I couldn't have been happier with the dish. We didn't have room for desert but after the waitress described their chocolate pizza, we couldn't resist. It was a pizza crust topped with nutella and fresh berries. This did not disappoint. It was delicious! After dinner we headed out to their deck and sat by their new fire pits that were going. This place is a beautiful place that will do extremely well. The food is outstanding, the atmosphere is beautiful, especially being right on the water. I will be coming back here regularly and would highly recommend this place to anyone.
