I work in the area and had been waiting for this place to open after passing their doors for months. Well, let me tell you that it was worth the wait. From the looks of it, you'd never know they've only been open a few months. The decor is somewhat rustic with tin ceilings, wood floors and a quaint lighting. If I didn't know any better, I feel like this is the type of place that has been tucked away in this neighborhood for years. At any rate, on to the food. I've been in a few times to try the pizza and the pastas. As most people know, they make their own dough, sauce etc - as any self respecting pizza place should. I'm a very basic pizza lover so I've stuck to their classic and fresca pies with a few toppings each time around. I love the thin crust and love how the whole pizza is swimming in sauce and cheese like most of the pizza you find in the area. I had heard a lot about how good Joe and Pat's Pizza was so I'm not surprised that they've cranked out delicious pies each time I've been in. The pasta surprised me though. I didn't know that most of it is made in house. I've had the pappardelle and the cavatelli - both were amazing. The pappardelle was made with a nice heavy meat ragu, which clung to the pasta just the way it should. The cavatelli was in a lighter, butterier sauce with braised duck meat and that too blew me away (might have been a special that night?). The smaller portions are perfect for one person too. You can easily pack a few slices away before your dish comes out if you're there with friends too. The service each time has been more than adequate as well. The whole staff has a very laid back, informal look to them but they're never short of recommendations or explanations if need be. One of my favorite part about this place though has got to be the drinks. I'm certainly no connoisseur of classic cocktails but I do know a thing or two and it's nice to see a place as laid back as this offer more than just Italian wines and your generic liquor offerings. If it's slow enough and you have any eagerness to learn, as the bartender about his favorite drink or just have him make you one. As is the theme of the rest of your visit, you will not be disappointed.
