There's not a WHOLE lot here I can say that hasn't already been said. My first visit was actually a pretty good experience - our server was knowledgeable, friendly, professional and prompt, the burger was as-advertised, and the beer was tap-tastic. That was in December of 2011, and if it'd been my only trip to Plan B, I'd probably be writing a four star review right now. Two short months later, I had a less enjoyable time. Our server was kinda pushy, I know upselling is part of the job but this was overkill. She also spent a lot of time just sort of talking about herself. Again, I understand rapport-building with customers by being conversational, but I was distinctly turned off by her proclamation that she "need(s) to make good tips today to go shopping with after work." Really? How nice for you. Tell me more. No, go on, this is fascinating. We waited about twenty minutes for our Portobello Fries appetizer, during which time the waitress attempted twice to push more beers on us, even though the ones in front of us were still halfway full. Our appetizer arrived cold - if you've ever worked in a restaurant, what this tells you is that the waitress held up your food to try to get you to order another round of drinks first. Sneaky business, and savvy customers will see right through it. So, for $8.99 we had the distinct pleasure of sharing seven and a half cold portobello fries. The burger was... alright, maybe better than alright. though as other reviewers have noted, my "some pink" burger arrived closer to well done. I'm not convinced it was worth $14, but if I were to judge Plan B solely on that burger, it'd probably do a good sight better than just two stars. As it stands, the burger is the ONLY reason this isn't a one star review. I haven't commented much on decor or atmosphere, because it's pretty much what you'd expect from an upscale chain restaurant in an upscale strip mall. It's clean, so there's that. If I could offer up one bit of advice to the management at Plan B Milford, it'd be to emphasize core service skills with your staff and have them put the image stuff on the back burner for now. It's nice that you can give me this neat info about the meat and how it's prepared, but what good is that when you're letting food get cold to try to pad the bill?
