Well....me and my boyfriend came in last Saturday night around 9. Everyone says "Mcgillan's" all the time and we had never been there....so what the hell, we figured we'd give it a whirl. It's def. not like every other old school irish pub I've been to. This was more like an irish pub rock concert....music was cranking, waitresses were busily serving what appeared to be a million people, bartenders were pouring pitcher after pitcher while dancing, and everyone seemed to be in good spirits. It was a bit crowded but we found seats towards the end of the bar and before long had made friends with the people sitting next to us on either side. The bartender introduced us to the people sitting around us,which I thought was neat...it's the first time thats ever happened, so instantly we made about 4 friends. On reccomendation from our 'tender I had the open face roast beef sandwich which was out of control....so good and so big, I could barely finish it. My boyfriend had a burger which he said was "alright"....neither here nor there, I guess. The people next to us bought us a PBR pitcher and so did the bartender...our whole tab for the nite was like $25 (for several pitchers and two meals!!), which was one of the best parts of the trip! Oh yeah, and some kid was annoying me at the end of the night and the bartender yelled at him, I thought that was really cool too. Another middle aged woman kept coming behind the bar....I'm assuming the lady manager...she was very sweet to us and seemed to have good repoire with her staff. I liked the quick duck out to the back alley to smoke, it's smart to have a back door open like that for us tobacco fiends The only downside really was that there were SO many people in there by 11 that people kept bumping into the back of our seats all night....it was also a bit hot, probably something to do with all the people in there....also the music was a bit loud, but hey, what do you expect from an irish pub. The guy next to me said we have to come back for phillies games (we were wearing Phils gear), he said it's out of control, so we'll probably be back!
