...hmmm where should I start? So had a craving for some late night seafood. Did not have a particular place to go, so Iberia was a defitnet destination. As we were walking to Iberia I noticed Manu sushi lounge located a block from Iberia. Been there was and remember the sushi being delicious. So after a long debate I convienced my sister to go to Manus. The experience started of slow but desent, host greeted us and sat us. Our server approached our table to take our drink order, and in the middle of taking our order, he stops to talk to someone by the entrance. Anyway no biggie, the night continues. He returns with our drinks and then does not come back to take our meal order. After about 5-10 min of waiting he comes and we order a shrimp sauteed and coconut fried scallops with a Ginger sauce. I would say definetly what our palates were looking for, tip of my hat to the mastermind behind those dishes. The food was fantastic, but what really grinded my gears was the fact that there were three different waiters checking up on our table. And also the fact that we were pretty much rushed out of there. No way man! I want to sit and enjoy my sake which was good by the way. One of the attendies that kept bugging us approached the table and dropped the check, and whispered " here you go guys there is no rush" buahhahaha, really???! I just giggled a bit and continued drinking my sake.  Oh it was not over yet. So the same lady return an tries to take the check but still we were not ready to leave. Anyway we pay the tab and sit some more. As I started to look around I noticed the first server that attended us and he was by the bar drinking a beer and the lady who was rushing us to pay was getting ready to leave. i understand that she might have wanted to go home early, but she could have handled that situation a bit differently am just saying. Now I hope that they improve the service at this establishment, mainly beacuse the food is great and the atmosphere in the joint is good so I would like to see some improvment in the customer service dept. P.s. Who doesn't carry draft beers, like really I would prefer sapporo on draft not bottle am just saying.
