will not be going there again. was stranded in the area tonight (a sunday night mind  you) and thus ended up going inside and sitting in the booth. waitress did not come to take my order (as if seating myself means i'm not looking to order?) i'm exhausted from the four hour wait for my ride (my little sister got very lost) and i start knodding off until the waitress comes over and indignantly tells me i have to leave if i'm not going to order anything. i tell her i have three bucks cash and ask if there's something i can get for that, or if i can just throw her the money so i can stay in the booth for a bit (it was pretty cold outside, nothing else was open in the area, and the restaurant was by no means busy... gotta love those surly service industry girls!) she walks away, and this power-tripping bouncer immediately comes over, tells me I hve to leave.  I politely acquiesce, but contend that i'm willing to order a drink or something.  he tells me that the drinks are $7 (rip off alert).  the dude aggressively follows me as i walk towards the door.  i tell him to back off and quit being acting so aggressively, as i was obeying and walking to the exit.  he escalates the situation verbally and i tell him to f off,  he replies with a "what the f*** did you say to me?!" once i'm outside the premises i tell him that he's the biggest douche in the world, and he procedes to punch me in the face, sending my glasses flying off my face and later swelling up my forehead.  i pick them up.  the lense is gone, and i go back but fail to locate it on the sidewalk.  the dude comes outside and tries to downplay his responsibility, insisting first that the lense didn't come out, but then insisting that he saw me pick it up.  he commands me to check my pockets.  i did and they're not there. should i have gone tit-for-tat verbally with him?  surely not.  but should he have gone tit-for-tat with me, and then violently assault me?  HUGE NO. i called the manager, but got the answering machine.  i left a message complaining about the rude, abusive treatment and assault, and basically saying to give me my effing lense back (and my had and my computer case that i left behind, containing a very important flash drive).  let's see how he responds.) the thing that really gets me off is that i was willing to be a paying customer in the first place (as of the first and only time the waitress addressed me), and i'm sure there had to've been something on there menu for less than that amount, at least a cola or something.  they were not busy.  and it's not like i was being difficult at the beginning; i was dead dsober. edit: looks like i left my ipod in the booth as well.  just called them up and asked them to check for it.  the response 10 seconds later was that it wasn't there.  i hope they have a dandy time with my ipod. also another downpoint for how, when i first came there, i asked the bouncer for the address.  he underachieved with his answer, giving me the wrong (albeit close) address.
