General ways for checking what the wrong with your usb flash drive is. 1, there is no reaction on the U disk into the machine Maintenance ideas: According to the symptoms judgment, U disk machine did not work, and U disk repair tool to have conditions that is the focus of our U disk maintenance. U disk regardless of any program you want the tool must have the following conditions: (1) power supply, power supply, and is divided into FLASH master the required desired, these two are the key, and U disk circuit is very simple, if there is no power inductors are generally damaged or 3.3V Insurance Regulators block damage , here comes the regulator block and then talk about, which has three pins are the power input (5V), ground, power output (3.3), the working principle is that when a 5V input pin input voltage, output pin will output a stable 3.3V. As long as there is no where to be found is the source of power, the problem will be solved very well. (2) the clock, because the master can operate at a certain frequency, with communications also * FLASH clock signal transmission, so if there is no clock signal, the master will not work. In this regard the circuit checking, when in fact the clock generation circuit is very simple, you only need to check the crystal and its peripheral circuits can, for fear of brush and U crystal compact disk is easy to fall to the ground caused by crystal damage, as long as the replacement of the same crystal that available. Note: The crystal can not be measured, the best way to judge good or bad is a good substitution to determine the crystal. (3) the master, if the above two conditions are normal and that is the main chip damaged. As long as the replacement of the master. 2, U disk into the computer, it says "does not recognize the device." U disk repair software can not access Maintenance ideas: For this phenomenon, the first thing described circuit U disk normal, but only with the computer communications malfunction, and for communications to check the following points: (1) U disk interface circuit, there is nothing in this circuit in particular element is the two data lines D + D-, so check this circuit as long as the measurement data lines to the main line between normal can be, generally between the data line and the control circuit will be connected in series two small value resistor in order to play a role in protection, so check these two resistor is normal. (2) clock circuitry, as U disk to communicate with the computer at a certain frequency, if the U disk operating frequency and the computer can not synchronize, then the system will think that this is an "unrecognized device" was. Then we should change the crystal. The actual U disk repair damage really have a lot of crystal instance! (3) the master, if the above two checks are normal, it can determine the master damaged. 3, you can identify U disk, but when you open the message "Disk is not formatted" but the system is unable to format, or prompt "Please insert a disk," which are garbled to open U disk capacity does not match with itself and so on. Maintenance ideas: For this phenomenon, the hardware can determine the U disk itself is not much problem, but software problems with the. Solution: Repair Tool to find out what the master program on it. This should we all see what U disk master program to decide. U disk failure probably is the main problem. And who can not write files, do not store such phenomena are generally poor performance or FLASH caused by bad blocks. After reading everyone there a clear idea of it. Casually explain, U disk unlike MP3, he said the firmware of does not exist, but some manufacturers put their own software inside, it will not look low grid. Tell you a very simple way, that is, when confronted with the master damaged or can not find the appropriate U disk repair tool, you can use U disk set to re-engage in a new U-disk, the methodology is the fault plane is removed FLASH , put the new PCB board on it. U disk set includes (PCB with a master (points 1.1 and 2.0 points) and shell set) U disk maintenance is very simple, do data recovery even more convenient. Read more in: usbflashsupplier.com
