Atera's reputation of being indifferent to the needs of its customers is well earned.   Notwithstanding its reputation, I made a reservation here and was very much looking forward to the meal -- I was taking my husband out for a special occasion.  The reservationist called two days in advance and we confirmed the reservation.  When we showed up for dinner, however, the host told us that the reservation had been cancelled.  When I informed him that we had not cancelled the reservation but had, in fact, confirmed it, he indicated that it wasn't his problem and blamed us.  Another party who arrived at the same time was told the exact same thing -- the reservation they made had been cancelled and by the same twisted logic, it wasn't the restaurant's fault.  It called to mind that Seinfeld episode -- they can take the reservation, but they just can't hold the reservation. Mistakes happen -- even amateurish ones like this.  But when they do, restaurants in the league Atera aspires to tend to treat the customers they've inconvenienced with some measure of hospitably.  Atera's staff, by contrast, were unbelievably rude and dismissive to us, and were equally rude to another party experiencing the same problem the restaurant had created.   Eat here -- or try to -- at your own risk.  But I'll say this: You can spend hundreds of dollars on a meal at other restaurants with equally remarkable food where they actually care about their customers and show it, or you can try your luck at Atera, where they aren't ready for prime time and treat their customers with contempt.  The choice is pretty obvious. Edited to add in response to Jodi's comment: I'm glad to hear you're fixing your system.  Thank you for the apology.   It's funny, though -- I wrote a personal letter to your restaurant after this experience to let you know how we were treated and to encourage you to improve the way you treat diners.  I didn't receive any response -- no apology, no explanation.  Writing a public review, however, gets a swift response.   As I said, thank you for the apology.  It's just too bad it didn't come from your host when he told us our evening plans were cancelled, or when I wrote you directly (and privately) to let you know what a crappy experience your staff created.  I think I have all the information I need now to know that I won't be going back to Atera.
