This review is basically for the lack of service, courtesy or humane treatment, for lack of better terms, that my party and I experienced last night. First of all, they never put down our reservation, even though we had called the day before to make them. Mind you, we had 15 people in the party and were celebrating a birthday. I was the first to arrive, and was told that there were no reservations at all for a party of 15 or under the name of the person who made the reservations. So, I asked that we be put on the wait list. This was not a problem, until the owner came over and told the hostess to tell me that it would be a 2 hour wait. It started raining outside and they obviously did not have enough tables indoors to seat everyone who had made reservations and those waiting already. Anyway, when I asked the owner what time they close (as it was 9 already), he told me 11. So, I said, with a 2 hour wait, our party will not be seated, right? He said yes, that's right. At that point, I was beyond aggravated, but had to wait for the other members of my party to arrive so that we could decide what to do. Everyone was huddled inside by the hostess stand, as it was raining outside. This is a nice way to put this, but the patrons waiting were treated like cattle, herded from one spot to another, with the owner vigorously telling the staff to "get them out of here and tell them to stand and wait in that corridor if they want to wait inside!" or to move everyone from the stairs to the side. Where were we, and the 20 other people waiting to be seated, supposed to go?! It was POURING outside. The space by the hostess stand is small as it is. But with everyone from the outside who was having dinner when it started pouring coming inside to find shelter, it was like a can of sardines. And the owner and staff being condescending and plain mean did not help. After all of us arrived, and we were again informed that we would not be seated, we decided to do the next best thing - find somewhere else to eat that would seat 15 on short notice that was relatively close. I was very pleased when we went to Spice II, which is a Thai place just down the street. Pleasant service, quick, and good food. Plus it was BYO and accommodated a party of 15 on 5 minutes notice. We ended up having a great night. Never again will I subject myself to the rude, inappropriate and condescending treatment that myself and my party received at Cuban Pete's. Thanks, but no thanks!
