It was my birthday, and I was feeling spontaneous... nothing could get in my way. Could I get in at ABC Kitchen, the trendy farmstand-to-table restaurant for which I heard so much praise? I called, asked for a return call if any reservations were cancled, and to my surprise found out a few hours later that I was one of the lucky few, the guilded dreamers who could taste heaven.. or so I thought. Overestimating how long it would take us to catch a train, we arrived for our reservation 20 minutes early. The hostess, looking at us with a forced smile, informed us with a blunt burst that "your table won't be ready until your reservation." We knoded politely, waiting for her to finish with the expected "but you can wait at the bar" or "feel free to take a seat at the counter over there," but she just looked away. We were so put off by her attitude that we decided to walk down to Union Square and wait there. When we returned, we sat down and were handed menus from our waiter, who we believe was also a bartender at one of the small corner bars. He seemed to almost pride himself on showing us as little attention as possible, as we had to flag him down anytime we wanted anything (and then wait 10 minutes while he talked to people at the bar). We ordered the salmon tartar toast and pretzel dusted calamari for appetizer... The tartar literally tasted like the bagel and lox I sometimes get from the corner bakery on my way to work, or a Philadelphia sushi roll I get from the cafeteria in my office. There was nothing really exceptional about it, especially for $16. The pretzel dusted calamari - could have gone to any pub or bar and gotten the same thing with better sauce. The cold marinara that came with it was grossly (I am tempted to say criminally) underseasoned; I make a lot of homemade marinara sauce, and ABC's version tasted like when I just get the pot cooking (when the tomatoes still have that unsavory raw flavor). It needed to cook for a few more hours to not taste like canned diced tomatoes. We gathered ourselves, saying "oh, we must have just gotten a poor hand with the appetizers... I'm sure it gets better." Sadly, our optimism was unfounded. We got two dishes to share between us - a pasta fish with a pesto of ramps and pecorino, and a filet of halibut served in a morel mushroom sauce. When the dishes came out, they were very pretty. The pesto was a striking green, and the halibut looked like a cloud floating in a lake of fava beans, morels, shallots, etc. After glancing at our food, we looked up to our waiter to ask for some freshly ground pepper; alas, he had already run away without saying a word to us... no "enjoy your meal" or "anything else?" I am a huge pesto fan, whether it be made traditionally for basil or some other herb combination. However, this pesto, although admitedly good on the initial bite, left an unpallatable aftertaste similar to the smell of freshly mowed grass, if that makes sense. I like my noodles to have a good amount of bite to them, but these sadly were verging on mushy (they could barely hold up to turning with a fork without falling apart). It definitely wasn't a horrible dish, but it was nothing to write home about. The halibut was good - I like a lot of acidity, and the sauce that accompanied it was very tart and to my liking (except for the squash puree that was underneath the fish, as it was a little too sour). The dish, however, seriously lacked in texture - I felt as though I were eating a dish designed for a nursing home. Some kind of crunch would have elevated the dish. The worst part of the night was by far the poor service from the staff. After being ignored throughout the night and enjoying an expensive, subpar meal, we were ready to get out of Jack and go home. In the midst of talking about how overrated this place is, our waiter did another drive-by and literally plopped the dessert menus in the middle of the table without looking at either of us (believe me, he definitely couldn't hear what we were saying because that would take some ounce of attentiveness). My friend and I looked at each other with jaws dropped in complete disbelief. He went back behind the bar, and my friend turned around and made the check-sign in the air, to which the waiter responded with a knod so blasé. He then continued talking to the two ladies sitting at the bar (mind you we were honest-to-god sitting 10 feet from him), and continued talking to them for another 10 minutes. With our faces becoming increasing flush, he finally stopped talking and made his way over to our table. He handed us the check and with an unexpected sign of humanity told us to "have a good night, guys," to which I responded in my most sarcastic voice and rolling eyes "mmmmmm yeaa." We payed and hurried our way out the door. Happy birthday to me.
