Geno Cheesesteaks had been one of the most profitable food business for many years, their steaks are delicious in taste and fast in convienience. how ever my last attempt to fullfil my hungry stomach a while ago had been the worst experience of service i have ever seen, i was harrased, and emotionaly injured, and extremely dissapointed with the way Geno treats their customers It was a wednesday late night around 3AM, my friends and I went to Genos purely on my suggestion that it was the best food in town. when i went in line to order a serving of cheese fries, one of the staff member took my 10 dollar bill and and told me it would be a minute before my fries were ready, I was expecting my change right away so i can be free from waitting and go sit with my friends. when i asked for my change, the first staff ignored me completely and went about her business, and another middle aged woman who was also a staff stood next to the cheese dispenser and told me " just wait, no body is gonna steal your money." - mocked me with the most disrespecting tone any one can dream of. two minutes later, the other staff member returned to the cash register and proceed to give me my change. suprisingly i was only given 1 dollar and 25 cents back after i given them a 10 dollar bill. the female employee who was just harrasing me before began to question my claim and as im stating that i clearly gave the other employee a 10 dollar bill. finaly they realized i did give them the amount i spoke of and gave me my change. the event above are 100 % true with no fabrication of anykind. i dont know about other Geno customers, but i personaly felt racialy discriminated and attacked by the way geno employee handle their maners and respect, i based this on the countless of talks where they send their customers to the back of the line if the customer had trouble speaking english. One thing Geno cheesesteak can count on is that they will never get my business again and ill tell every single soul i talk to in this city about the fact i just spoke of.
