I heard of this restaurant from friends and was finally brought by my gf to an obscure store front hidden beneath scaffolding, with only a fish awning to guide us. We were graciously greeted in typical japanese fashion, were checked in (reservations made) and brought right over to the bar. We did the omakase (chef's choice) which I was a little apprehensive about. I am, one would say an amateur connoisseur of sushi but emphasis on the amateur mainly because i know my limitations with certain sea creatures (have a hard time stomaching the more extoic fishes: uni and certain other oyster-esque types) but fortune favors the bold, and suffice it to say i was not disappointed. Sitting while waiting for the chef to prepare I noticed the lack of decorations; something some reviewers complained about. I liked the simplicity, the warm bamboo brown that dominated the restaurant was a neutral background to showcase the colorful fish lined up on the serving trays along the bar. Not only does it fit the japanese mentality of minimalism but it also boast confidence in their food and impeccable service. This is a place to eat and nothing more. The chef presented us course after course of small cuts of bliss placed on top of the best rice i've ever tasted. I would catch myself eyes closed and taking deep breathes after every mouthful to savor and bring out every flavor that were subtly hidden in every piece. The small saucer left untouched as soy sauce and wasabi were unnecessary with every piece being perfectly marinated. We went round after round until we couldn't eat much more. And then the chef said he would do something special for us as our last piece: charred fatty tuna... I never knew fish could melt in your mouth. If you like sushi, this is the closest place to jiro as you can get at least here i nyc. I highly recommend the omakase, the chefs know what they're doing and they know what fish is best to serve. And if cost is a concern for good sushi, you do not deserve to go here.
