I was highly disappointed. I never experienced dining at a restaurant were i was a victim of discrimination.  First i waited for aprox. 20 mins.  Service waitress names B rushed us to order and kept interrupting us to see if we finished our meal.  Clearly they wanted us out of there so they can give the table to the next person. We ordered 6 different appetizers and has a total of 4 drinks.  Two at the bar while we wait and two at the table.  After waitress B hurried to clear our table, we ordered one more drink.  She returned without the drink and hesitated while looking at the line of people waiting and ask can we get up and move to the bar.  I said no, it's unfair.  we waited just like everyone else.  We will get up when we are done.  She argued with me and walked off. To my dismay, a person who did not identify himself came over to our table and the first thing cam out his mouth was "Listen!  we are not a appetizer and cocktail restaurant"  "you people can just order appetizers"  I was dismayed, shocked and flabbergasted. I said "you people" You are not a appetizer and cocktail res.  What do you mean by that?  I also said I didn't see any signs or policy indicating just that and you should be careful on how you talk to clients.  He boasted by saying he's been in the restaurant business for over 12-13 years and he know how to run a business. Need less to say, I was through communicating with Andrew (which I found out his name later on).  To add salt to injury, they refused to give me a receipt.  OMG!  They only accept cash but refuse to give me a receipt.  I demanded a receipt or I was going to call the police. He angrily walked off and Andrew told the bar tender give him whatever he wants. My advice, stay away.  There are far too many places that has good food and they treat you like a customer. FYI to Andrew. The average entree cost $8 is per person.  Our multiple appetizer bill exceeded way past the average person bill.  But you been in the business for over 12-13 years RIGHT?  good job.
