Tabla was one of my favorite restaurants and ever since it closed, had been eagerly anticipating the opening of a new Meyer/Cardoz venture.  When the concept of North End Grill was first made public, I was skeptical.  Chef Cardoz was arguably the first to introduce New Yorkers to "modern Indian fusion food" and the thought of eating American grill didn't appeal.   I was spoiled.  By Tabla. But I went to North End Grill for lunch (currently no dinner service) with an open heart and an empty stomach.  The service, like all Danny Meyer establishments, was impeccable.  I was expecting some hiccups, given that the restaurant had only been open for a week, but was pleasantly surprised by the professionalism, warmth, and personality of the staff.  Mr. Meyer, your "hospitality fetish" has already been stamped!   I didn't sample all the food that our table ordered, so I can't comment on that.  I had the Pumpkin Crab Soup, which was delectable and most certainly reminded me of Tabla, and the Bacon-Shrimp Burger with Spice-Dusted Fries.  While the fries were perfectly crispy and ignited familiar taste memories of the spice traditionally dusted on chaat, the savory road-side Indian snack, the burger was disappointing and almost anemic looking.  While eating my meal, the shrimp - as an ingredient in the burger - got me instantly reminiscing Chef Cardoz' wonderful Goan Shrimp Curry and after some time, started wondering what would have been.   I can almost imagine it: Goan Shrimp Burger with avocado salsa as a garnish, Pickled Ramps, Spice-Dusted Fries, Boodie's Ketchup (for those that didn't dine at Tabla, this was a favorite condiment re-created by Chef Cardoz after his mother's recipe).  The ketchup would definitely be a step up from the generic tarter sauce that accompanied the fries.  I also found the bun uninspiring - how about serving it grilled?   While my experience left me disappointed, I will most certainly re-visit North End Grill.  Chef Cardoz is one of the most talented chefs around and I suspect over time, his menu will evolve and mature.  As Chef has acknowledged on previous occasions, his way of thinking about food was influenced by different heritages and customs and fusion food, as we know of it today, started for him "in the cradle."  I hope Chef Cardoz can serve us great American food, but with Indian flavors.
