I've been to Barrio Chino many, many times and this is the most delicious Mexican food you can find in New York City. Start with some guacamole.  The homemade tortilla chips are crunchy, golden, and slightly thicker than your usual chip.  This makes it easy to scoop the perfectly concocted guacamole onto the chip and into your mouth. Wash it down with a tamarind margarita, a jalapeno margarita, a light or dark mojito, one of the hundreds of tequila choices - just about any drink you choose is going to be awesome. I'm partial to the steak tacos as my entree.  The dish is simple - three tortillas filled with perfectly marinated tender bits of steak, topped with cilantro and onion, finely chopped to make one incredible plate of food.  Sometimes I use a tortilla chip left over from the guacamole and combine a guacamole chip with some steak.  You can't go wrong with these steak tacos.  This is a top 5 dish in New York City. Have the churros for dessert - if they haven't sold out yet. Other standout dishes are the chorizo quesadillas, the shrimp tostadas and pretty much any taco on the menu (although I haven't tried the cactus ones yet). The waiters/waitresses/bartenders here are really cool and personable.  I've been here many times and pretty much everyone who works here is really nice, will have good recommendations about the menu and will provide good service. The atmosphere of the restaurant is excellent as well.  An eclectic mix of indie rock, hip hop and a mix of other genres is played at a reasonable level.  The restaurant is usually packed and it is a bit of a small space, but it's definitely a fun, relaxed vibe.  The decor is simple and combines elements of a Mexican restaurant with Chinese items hence the name. Prices here are very reasonable.  Dinner for two with a drink and guacamole including tip/tax will run $50-75.  Add more if you plan on drinking more. The only downside to this place is there can be a bit of a wait.  Grab a drink at one of the many bars nearby, because the wait is worth it.  Barrio Chino is the best Mexican in NYC.  Try it now.
