Here's an example of typical Yale and the Yale community (and I graduated from Yale in 1986 so I have some reference): 1.27 left in game 7 of an NBA game, 3 point difference in the score, I've purchased a brand new beer with 25 minutes left before closing, and the bartender at the Anchor Bar (a Yale fixture for decades) just turns the TV off. I politely ask the waiter if there's any way we can turn it back on to watch the last minute of game 7 - he says, without even looking up at me, "probably not". So I walk up to the bar and politely ask the bartender "Sir, is there no way we can watch the last minute of the game - it's game 7", and again, without the courtesy of looking up at me, he says, "you got that right". I've been in the bar for over 3 1/2 hours spending my money, which I've been doing at the Anchor bar since 1982. I've got a full beer which I just purchased for last call, I've had only a sip of the beer, and I've literally spent thousands of dollars at this bar since 1982. And this bartender can't even look me in the eye to say basically "go f$ck yourself". So when the waiter comes back I ask him for a refund for the last beer, so I can leave to watch the game next door which of course was still on in there. His response? He rolled his eyes and said "okay, but don't come back here."  Now I've spent thousands of dollars at this place since 1982 - I'm not sure this waiter was even alive in '82. I pay him, I tip him more than 30%, and walk into the cigar shop/bar next door. In my experience, this is a prime example of the arrogance of Yale, the community around it, and even the arrogance of this bartender at this dive bar. Way to sh$t on your patrons. I write this review in the hope that the owner reads it and does himself the favor of firing the rude, arrogant bartender who cares nothing about the owner's business. You can identify the bartender as the fat, maybe 55 to 60 year old male, who worked the Saturday night shift on May 3rd 2014. If you need to fill the opening, there are a lot of people looking for work who would not behave detrimentally to your business interests. Thanks and good luck."
