Well, crossing this one off my list once and for all! I have never had a particularly awesome time here--the salad card option is obscenely overpriced; the Baja shrimp wrap, while tasty, never fails to initiate a traumatic sprint to the restroom 30 minutes after I've ingested it; and the service is usually pretty lethargic, especially if you sit outside--but today sealed the deal on me never going back. Upon arriving at the restaurant for lunch, my coworkers and I got off on the wrong foot right away when the host muttered something incoherent about preparing a table for us outside and then promptly disappeared. Should we wait here? Should we follow him? It was painfully unclear. After several minutes of confusion, we eventually wandered outside, where we found our absent host blissfully chatting with another table, our table still untouched, and apparently utterly forgotten about. (Would we had seen the writing on the wall right then and aborted the mission!) Only after we had awkwardly gathered around the table and stood there like idiots for a few minutes did this host remember our existence and deign to bring us chairs and menus. (NOTE: the restaurant was not that crowded, there were numerous other open tables.) Over the course of the next hour and a half, the situation escalated from annoying to catastrophic. After waiting on our food for 30 minutes with no word from our waitress, she suddenly appeared and casually informed us that the kitchen staff had "lost our ticket" (so sorry!) but that they were now preparing our meals as their top priority. Naturally, we were not thrilled to hear this, but we accepted it, assuming our food would be out in another five minutes or so. How wrong we were. Time continued to pass. People at the tables around us who had arrived AFTER us had not only received their meals and joyfully gobbled them up, but were now paying their bills and leaving the premise (lucky souls!). From the time our waitress told us they had lost our ticket until we were finally served our wraps and salads was another 35 minutes, during which time we frequently fantasized about walking out...if only our hunger hadn't rendered us too weak to move. To add insult to injury, when the food finally did arrive, one member of our party's order was incorrect (she had asked for mayo, no cheese, and received piles of cheese and no mayo). Lacking the energy to complain as a result of starvation, she bore her fate silently, with grim forbearance. To our waitress's credit, she did knock $20 off the ticket. Nice gesture, honey, but too little too late. If this was the first time I had been so badly mistreated at Temple Grille, I might consider going back again, but as I stated at the beginning of this essay, this was the Final Blow in a long series of grievances. Never again!!!! DON'T DO IT!!!!
