My favorite NYC restaurant/ Single diners catered to I have been going to GT since about a year after its opening. I read that single diners are welcome at Danny Meyer's restaurants and so I tried four of them. It is absolutely wonderful for the single diner. There are two dining areas. One is the tasting menu in the back, for which you need reservations. I did it once with friends and it was unbelievably great. What I love is the tavern, no reservations (though VIPS do get a table sooner). There is a wait at popular times so I go at unpopular times, including right at noon for lunch. For years I went on my birthday, alone (not as pathetic as it sounds!!). One time I was given a prime window table for three, unhesitatingly. And I'm not a cute young thing--restaurants often put beautiful people at the window. It was a generosity that I have not forgotten. Actually two friends showed up and I joined them at the bar after my lunch. I have eaten at tables in recent years and at the bar in previous years. If there are others alone at the bar, I often have really nice conversations with strangers. There is NO snobbery or attitude. I have had friends come from out of town, go to a famous restaurant, and be treated like crap. One group of 10 lawyers at a VERY famous restaurant asked to have the French entrees translated and the waiter refused. Can you even imagine. That would never happen here, and every guest I have taken to GT has loved the place and thanked me for finding out about it. The bar service is amazing. If you ask an opinion, for example, on what bourbon or tequila to drink, you get a wonderful tutuorial on the subject. All servers are very knowledgeable about the menu too. The food is just out of this world. My pals from a southern R&B band would not be saitsfied with the amount of food, that is not what GT is all about. The entrees and starters are exquisite. Every dish is the best it could be, with very surprising sauces and combinations. Just choose what ingredient you love, and be assured you will love your dish. Please consider the amazing cheese flights (three, five, or seven as I recall). Special cocktails are wonderful and the alcohol free cocktails are the best you will ever taste.
