I was raised "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all".  Which translates to me only writing 1 bad review in my entire life.  This is the second. I walked 15 minutes ( not a problem) to order some take out.  Waited 25 minutes for the food. It sat in the back while the manager answered the phone to take orders.  Another 15 minute home to find out that I had the wrong order!  Well..that's what I thought.  Apparently, here, cashew chicken is chicken, carrots, bok choy, water chestnuts, pea pods and GREEN PEPPERS!  I've been eating cashew chicken all over the place for 30 yrs....It's always just chicken, cahsews, and celery...  Anyway...I can't eat anything with peppers of any kind, otherwise I would have just eaten it.  When I called back...another 20 minutes just to get over the language barrier, and being placed on hold while he tended to other customers, I finally was able to tell him that I can't eat this food please, make me another without peppers, and I want it delivered. NO!  That's what he said.  "We're to busy to deliver".  Told him I wasn't walking another 30 minutes. So..suddenly he said he might be able to do that.  Ok....now....time to give him my address.  Let's just say i'm truly amazed that anything gets anywhere.  Just before he tried to rush away again I said I want new cashews( I had them placed on the side so they wouldn't get soggy on my way home) as they were all burned.  "No...it will cost you extra"  But they're all burned..."NO.  cashews are very expensive.  I counted....there we 15 burned cashews that was meant to be for a LARGE order of CASHEW chicken. That's not that expensive to replace. To compare...If I order steak medium rare and the chef burns and blackens it.....would I expect to be charged again for them burning it? Ok...on the good side.  They did make me a new meal and it was delivered amazingly fast. Guess he finally understood my address.  And it was delivered by the guy that was making the food when I sat for 25 minutes waiting for my food earlier.  I guess he was pulled out to make the delivery.  The food was really quite good.  It was light...never made me feel heavy afterwards.....BUT......sorry...more bad.....they packed it in a plastic tray with plastic lid and the sauce ran all over my hand and burned it!!!!  Bad! Fortunately I had my lavender spray and St. John's Wort oil immediately at hand. I did tip the delivery guy...not his fault everthing was such a mess....so the meal took 2 hours to get and ended up costing nearly $12.00 I had to forgo the cashews, of cashew chicken, and burned my hand to boot.  Won't ever go back.  I'll walk 10 minutes in the opposite direction and buy from New Chinese. Oh, I agree with another poster....the place is worn down...seats torn and feels a bit sticky. The table I  sat at while waiting had dried/sticky rice all over it.
