As someone else said before, I sincerely wish Yelp had a zero star option.  One star seems generous.  I've never written a review of anything online before, but my experience at Queens Comfort was so godawful, I am registering for Yelp just to warn my neighbors.  Again, as many other reviewers have said, I really wanted to like this place.  I think the concept is a nice departure from what I've come to expect from 30th avenue and the menu is fairly unique.   Ok, enough disclaimers, let's get down to business. My girlfriend and I had a "false start" when we attempted to stop in for a coffee at around 1PM on a Saturday.  The place was about half full.  After waiting 15 minutes at the bar without being spoken to,  we asked if we could get the order to go.  After another 5, we just walked out. Undeterred, we figured we'd give it another shot.  The place was new, after all, and sometimes it takes a while for the staff to get on the same page.  Again, the restaurant was about half full.  Again it took 20 minutes and me and my girlfriend standing up before our waiter came to take our order.   It's okay though because he was having a super important text message conversation and had to flirt shamelessly with one particular middle aged patron at the bar.  Our food was bland and soggy.  My girlfriend needed to eat her egg sandwich with a fork.  They never refilled our water.  Not once.  We had put in an order for disco fries, but the order never arrived.  When the hostess asked us how everything was going, I told her the service was lacking.  I don't think she understood my complaint and she definitely didn't know what to do about it.  Apparently socializing with co-workers and bearded guests was more important.  When I shot the manager my best "WTF" look, he came over to see what was wrong.  I let him know about the missing disco fries.  After a 4 person conference, it was determined that the space cadet waiter never put the order in.  When we got them they were, like everything else, bland and soggy but with bonus freezer burn.  Still, even at this point, the waiter wasn't apologetic.  The manager didn't say anything (and in my opinion probably should have taken the table from our server to patch things up).   I'm not sure what the people working at Queens Comfort came to New York to be, but whatever they're dreaming of, they should quit their day jobs.
