Disclaimer: Not a pie person! Also, I grew up in the South (NC), and although precious, this didn't substitute very well. They have their own "upgrade" on the genre, which although not entirely unpleasant, kind of threw my expectations. Shared chicken and catfish boxes. Main ingredients of outstanding quality and nicely prepared, if more delicately than most back home. Shows a lot of respect and professionalism. In the South things can be trashy sometimes - but not necessarily - and usually the difference is aesthetic and nutritional, not so much a matter of flavor or satisfaction. The sides however were a disappointment. We had collards and "spicy" black-eyed peas. First of all the portions were frankly huge. (Traditionally one would have a choice of two, and probably receive half the amount of each.) This might have been fine, except it's here they went off the rails. The collards (and I wonder if they were entirely that, or a mix - I mean, stems?) were over seasoned and undercooked (read: springy and too complex), while the peas turned out to be in salad(!) form, dressed with onion, herbs, and vinegar. In the south they would look at you funny and ask for their money back. To me they just didn't belong, and were merely bulk. Couldn't even enjoy what they were. So it seems they cater to more cosmopolitan tastes - so brand it that. I saw the pulled pork, and although mouth-watering, eye-pleasing, etc., to look at it, it was not quite familiar. Then I overheard someone ask if the grits came with cheese in them - the answer was yes (somebody correct me if that's a mistake!). WTF! If it's cheese grits - say it on the menu, as well as the BEP SALAD. That's just condescending. Noted, other reviews don't tend to focus on this cultural appropriation, and if I wasn't judging it thus, I would probably concur more with them. They do prepare the meat. poultry, and fish quite nicely, if timidly. The cornbread and biscuit were impressive, but a little too deep. The vegetables were another story. Maybe they've gone too opposite the "cooked-to-death" direction, and forgotten entirely about simplicity. As it stands, the southern winks and knods come off cartoonish, and, when I dwell on it, appalling. My opinion shouldn't slow the place down one bit though. I have to say, from what I recall, when they were under the W'msburg Bridge I had no such complaint. So this is the re-up. I like the new layout - the pick-nick-y backrooms with an open wall to the street. Only the occasional firetruck. Alas, I'm also a snob when it comes to Mexican, and I have trepidations about returning to try the Huevos Rancheros (wonder exactly why they were "out" of them). Maybe they're just "too good" for the South. I feel the same way when I have appropriated Italian, Asian, Latin, etc. Why? Because I have lived and eaten with the people in the boroughs of NYC. Yep, this one is a bit homogenized, with a whiff of bullsh!t.
