I went to Marigold Kitchen for the third time yesterday so I really cannot say this place is all that bad, but my recent experience was a true disappointment. Food: Variable, ranging from excellent to mediocre. I set the bar quite high for Marigold, given that chef Halpern learned from the best at Alinea in Chicago (Go to Alinea. It's amazing). My first two times the food was wonderful. I felt like I was getting a $300 meal for $50. I has the Guinness Pork and Beans, which were wonderful and some other appetizer, which I'm sure was good, but forget what exactly it was. My most recent time to Marigold was not as good. I asked when I first arrived if Chef Halpern was cooking today and was told that he was. I has the sous vide poached egg, which was a over cook and did not run at all. It came with a cracker of a sort which really had little flavor. The rest of my meal was pretty good. The fried parsnips are always fun. My friends, however, has somewhat different experiences. Two of them ordered lamb and another ordered the hanger steak. Both of the lambs and the steak were cold. When we asked them to warm them, instead of starting with new meat (as is standard at most good establishments), they simply put the meat back on the grill, returning well-done meet to us. Decor: A cute house that used to be a tea room. Interesting vases and decorations. A bit cold and smells very moldy when I first walked in. Service: Our waitress was nice and considerate of our complaints. I would not say she was a particularly professional waitress, but that can slide to a certain degree. She did not do a good job keep track of our two bottles of wine or our water and she consistently had to fill our own glasses. Now for the major issue and the thus low rating. When we received the bill, both of the lambs and the steak were on it. My friends returned all three of those dishes and did not eat more than a bite or two of each. They made it very clear that the food was not up to par. When I asked the manager to take a look at the bill (it's a small place and the manager helps out the wait staff), she said she saw no problem. I asked her if she expected us to pay for the three meats. She asked whether I would like to or not and I asked her if she thought it was appropriate for me to pay for three inedible dishes. She said some mumbles about policy and what not and walked off. This is the exact kind of management that turns me off and makes me never want to come back to a place. Sure I can understand that some meat might get cold, but that should either be easily corrected or taken off the bill. No one wants to have to argue with a manager about such an expected practice. So if you want 60/40 shot of a great meal, try Marigold, but the rudeness of the management is a real turn off.
