As you sit at a table in Pacifico, you'll get the sense that this restaurant really, really wants to be Latin American.  "Nuevo Latino" is clearly written on the closest door to the front, cheesy Spanish pop music jingles through the very few rooms, and the interior décor has a distinct seaside feel to it.  Still, the restaurant screams "We are Latin!" so loudly that you start to question why they feel the need to scream--perhaps they are insecure?  Perhaps they are not really Latin?  As soon as you start questioning, you'll notice that behind the Latin American theme, Pacifico has buckled to the pressure of North American culture.  The menu items are labeled in Spanish, but some items, like Yucca Fries (sweet potato fries) and Ensalada de Cereza con Queso (salad with dried cherries, blue cheese, and candied pecans) are so American it is almost comical.  Flip the menu, and you'll see a list of wines from Argentina, Chile, and Spain, but they are sure to include some "Non-Latin Alternatives" as well, just in case you should walk into the Latin restaurant expecting something Non-Latin, naturally. Still, my friends and I judged the restaurant by what it is, not necessarily by what it presents itself to be.  We ordered Ceviche de Camaron Estilo Ecuatoriano (served in a small glass with shrimp, salt water, tomato sauce, cilantro, and citrus flavors with chips on the side), Gambas al Ajillo(jumbo shrimp with tomato sauce served steaming in a small clay pot), and my personal favorite, Pacifico Guacamole (mixed fresh at the table and tasting of lime and cilantro).  The food was pretty and satisfactory, but small and unimpressive.  There was nothing exceptional about it, simple spices and flavors and underwhelming presentation, and certainly nothing that felt authentically Latin. One thing the restauarant is clear on is that it is not a college student friendly place.  The service was slow, delivering the food and the check at painfully slow rates considering that we were one of two groups in the restaurant at the time, and the waitress continuously addressed us as "Girls."  At the end of the day, the restaurant seems a tad too full of itself, delivering average American dishes at elevated prices.  Beware: you're probably paying for the "Latin" label. In accordance with New York Times rating scale, I'd give it 1 star.
