In Early July 2014, we were looking for a meaningful gift to give to our Aunt and Uncle for their 50th Wedding Anniversary and we have received Christmas presents from our niece from this bakery so when we were looking for a bakery to make a cookie cake, we decided to call Mozzicato's Bakery.in Hartford, Ct. We asked if it was possible to order a 15 pound cookie cake for a 50th anniversary and the person we spoke to said they usually only send out 5 or 0 pound cookie cakes, but that hey could do this and we ordered the cookie cake which was shipped to our home in Batavia,NY, When it arrived, we noticed that the cookies at the bottom of the cookie cake we cracked and crushed. It was too late to go out and get a replacement cookie cake so we called the Bakery and spoke to 2 people Gina and then Paulo who said to send photos of the cookie cake for them to see which we did. Paulo told us that he was very sorry for the crushed cookies and that he would replace the cookie cake, but would prefer we pick up the cookie cake instead of shipping it out. Since our daughter and son live in Boston, I asked Paulo if it would be possible for our daughter yo pick this up when she comes home for Christmas and he said this could be done and just to call the shop a few days before and they would get this ready for her. Today my daughter called the bakery to get the cookie cake done and Gina Mozzicato stated that she had no knowledge of an 15 pound cookie cake order and we needed to show the pictures, credit card receipt and email to this effect and either way she said they never make a 15 pound cookie cake and said she would not replace this. This person Gina was very unprofessional in he reply to my daughter and luckily we do have proof of the conversations and what was said to myself as well as my daughter.We are also planning on reporting this to the Better Business Bureau since Paulo made a verbal promise to me that the cookie cake would be replaced with no problem whenever we could arrange to pick it up. I am   a professional person and an Italian American and I would think that a verbal statement would be honored by this bakery and by Paulo instead of  Gina denying ever even making up and shipping this cookie cake to us. I had promised my Aunt and Uncle that I would bring over the cookie cake as soon as I got it and feel very bad that I will be disappointing them. I have 10 photos of the cookie cake which at least 75% of the cookies were crushed. I din't think this bakery deserves any stars and want you to know I signed up for yelp just to post this review,.
