Lot's of talk about pedigree here. I'm not about to go into a trance like an infant hypnotized by some jingling car keys when I hear the name Le Bec Fin or LaCroix. If they have chops, they should be able to prove it by kicking out some of the best food and service in South Philadelphia. For the most part they do. The service is first class, if a bit intrusive at times. There was a point as we were approaching dessert when we had to turn away the server tonging out bread every five minutes. But they got it right on everything else. The dishes were nicely explained and when served they were announced and it was like getting a surprise. Our waiter kept our glasses full and was completely personable and professional. The food was very good, but, while thought out well, left me wishing some things were more simple. A perfect example was the sweet breads which had a lot of strong flavors going on and were overly salty in some parts of the composition. The gastrique was heavenly, though, and probably could've carried the dish only with an extra hand from the asian pear or arugula. The chicken liver mousse was well executed and the homemade pickles were great. I felt they did real justice to dish. The pork belly was a real treat because the meat and fat tasted so clean and pure, but the sweet potatoes felt grainy and pasty to me and I felt the pork could have had a better partner. The monkfish was an attempt at something great and even though it was bland to my taste I saw what the chefs were going for and it excited me. The desserts were the only part of the meal that left me a bit unsatisfied. Given the great presentation and imagination of the dinner menu, I had expected some seriously intricate and complex sweets. Brownies and Ice cream (frozen "souffle") seem uninspired even though they were tasty. I'm definitely a believer in this restaurant. I think everything is there for them to keep going for a long time. The chefs do posses creative minds and the early success of the restaurant will give them the incentive to keep doing new things and making good meals with quality ingredients.
