My husband and I are visiting Philadelphia for a long weekend, and sent out a call to you Philly Yelpers for a recommendations for a date night. We recently lived in San Francisco for 15 years, so we were starved (after having moved to TN) for a wonderful, city-fied night out. The first few responses mentioned Rittenhouse Square and, specifically, this place, so we decided to take your advice! And boy, were we happy. I love the ambiance of this place. Very simple, with pops of color, nothing too fancy or pretentious. When we had first arrived in town, we had stopped by and dropped off our wine with Sean, the very attentive host, so that we didn't have to carry it around the Square when we went exploring. Upon arriving back, Sean met us at the door *with* said wine, without us even having to ask. We arrived for dinner at 6:45 on Friday night, just in time to snap up the last restaurant-side outdoor table. Perfect! (No reservations Friday and Saturday nights.) Our server, Max, could not have been any better. He was very helpful, personable, and had great recommendations for us. We had the antipasto plate, and then three items from the specials menu: watermelon/tomato gazpacho, Arctic Char, and ribeye. It was all so very delicious. We practically licked the plates. He asked if we wanted dessert, and we mentioned the other Yelper recommendation of Capogiro's. He said he couldn't argue with us there, but if we wanted to come back late (by 11), he'd fire us up another dessert (they all sounded so good!) even though the kitchen closes at 10:30. After visiting a few other spots on the Square, we found ourselves hankering for some bread pudding having never made it to Capogiro's. We headed back at around 10 and sat at the bar in the back of the restaurant, where we could watch the chef and cooks work their magic. This is where it gets really cool - my husband has been a server and manager at several world-renowned fine dining restaurants. We were stunned to see how exceptionally cohesive this team of professionals is. Chef Lou, a 26 yr old gem of a man, was watchful , treating ALL of his staff with utmost respect and kindness. At 10:30 at night, at the end of a busy Friday, the entire staff of nine was happy, smiling, joking around, and just generally having a good time. This permeates the whole restaurant, and makes this place exceptional among restaurants anywhere. We had the bread pudding....and then saw the mussels coming out of the kitchen. Mussels? After dessert? Well...yes. When are we going to get back here?? Both were delish. We will definitely make this a destination when we come back to Philly, and want to recommend it to anyone who will listen. Exceptional food, exceptional people, exceptional atmosphere. We loved it.
