I was at MP Taverna for dinner with my boyfriend and another couple on Saturday night, and we were very, very impressed. The building itself was elegantly constructed, with the restaurant's name etched high up in the stone at the very top of the facade instead of on the usual awning. We had a reservation and were seated promptly with no waiting at all, even though it was "prime time" and the restaurant was packed. The decor, and the arrangement of the seating, were both clearly planned with care and excellently done. We were on the main level, and there was a second level that appeared to be a more intimate space.   We decided to order a bunch of meze and salads instead of entrees so that we could try a sampling of what MP had to offer. We definitely should have dialed it back a bit, because the meze portions were substantial. The salad I ordered could have been a meal on its own. The waitress staggered the arrival of our various dishes, so we had a well-timed stream of yumminess showing up at our table just when we were ready for it. Between the four of us, we ate: Trio of dips (tzakiki was delicious, chickpea was meh, eggplant was wonderful) Greek pork sausage (made deliciously here with leek and orange rind and served with grilled veggies and a grilled crusty bread for sopping up the juices) Crab croquettes (I found them to be lacking in spices but my boyfirend enjoyed them) Bulgur salad (absolutely delicious - bulgur wheat with dates, dried cherries, pistachios, feta, pomegranate seeds, olives and red onion) Crispy cod (this was on top of a warm potato-garlic puree, sort of like skordalia - the garlic didn't really come across) Gyro spiced sliders (didn't taste these personally but my friends raved about them) Heirloom tomato and feta salad (didn't taste this personally) Calamari (which interestingly included cauliflower and chickpeas) Scallops (didn't taste these personally) Octopus (I didn't taste it personally, but my friend said it was amazingly well cooked) I also had a glass and a half (that's right!! they sell half glasses of wine!!) of a very nice South African chenin blanc from their well-curated wine list. We skipped dessert, because after that meal you could have rolled us out of there. I think the pricing was fair for the amount of food on each plate, and each couple averaged about $80 including tax and tip (we DID order a ton of food). Would I want to pay that much for dinner every night? Certainly not...but it's good to know that there's a dynamite restaurant doing some new things with an old favorite cuisine for when I'm feeling splurgey.
