4 stars because I don't know Hungarian food well enough to say this was just "okay", aka 3 stars.   And the service and hospitality of Barbara and her husband is a dying part of the dining out experience in these modern times, and that's too bad.  You forget how much that means to the meal until you are served by a couple like Barbara and her hubby. So anyway. . .  being an adventurous eater, I saw this little place and figured I'd give it a try.  I ordered the beef goulash (stew) with a side of spaetzal and the chicken noodle soup - take out.  $17, not too bad.  The food was ready 2 minutes after i ordered!  Fast, friendly service, but clearly the food is not cooked to order.  Again, I'm trying to be fair so this could just be the way Hungarian food is prepared. My God it smelled so good in the car ride :) When I got home and took a look at the oil slick on top of the beef stew I knew I would not be able to finish it.  It was very tasty, just the right amount of spice for my taste, and the beef was very tender but large amounts of grease and spices will ensure I spend the rest of the night in my favorite reading room.  So I sampled it and left it for my Italian wife who has an iron stomach (she enjoyed it over the rest of my nice size portion of spaetzle). About the spaetzle:  I've had it before numerous times at my favorite German restaurant and I have to say I prefer the German style better, which seems more like a noodle or pasta.  But this is just personal preference, as this spaetzle was delicious here as well.  The chicken noodle soup was a little sparse on the chicken and veggies but had that "home cooked" flavor only Grandma's seem to be able to capture.   The noodles were cooked perfectly, and plenty of 'em.  The BEST part is the soup wasn't saturated with salt, which I love.  I'll go back just for the soups. All in all, I'm glad I tried it.  I'm not sure Hungarian food is my cup 'o tea though.  I'll have to dine in one of these days and get the full "Mom and Pop" Hungarian experience with the wife.   And I'll try the chicken paprika, which I heard good reviews on.
