We went on a Wednesday evening around 8:45pm and were the only table there besides for a couple finishing up their dinner and on their way out.  At first, I thought the restaurant seemed so quaint - 2 youngsters in their late teens/early 20's helping out the front while the older gentleman sat at the register.  The two servers were polite but young and naive but had no clue of basic service procedures such as carrying hot bowls of soups to the table without a serving tray (which can cause some serious damage to the customer if it tipped and spilled) and fingers touching the top of the soup bowls while trying to grasp on to the bottom of the small plate the bowl was resting on.  We chalked it up to lack of experience and no one teaching the poor guy how to be a server.   The food arrived and my daughter's pho came with some tangled aluminum wire with the noodles.  Thank goodness I forked it out before she took a bite.  Not only did the server NOT apologize, he stared at us blankly and had no clue what to say or what to do.  We explained to the server, he should take the bowl away and get us a new one.  He left our fork with the aluminum wire on the table for us to admire.   When he came back with a new bowl of pho, we told him calmly how dangerous that could have been if we had swallowed the wire and he acknowledged with a nod and said, "I understand".  Still, no apology.  He asked us if he should take the fork away with the wire.  Really?  Did he just ask us that now? He explained the wire was from the collander when the noodles were being strained.   He is lucky we didn't make a huge scene and start a lawsuit but when you have ignorance, there is nothing we can expect.  It's just plain sad. My son and husband also had the pho and said the broth was fine and the rare beef sliced well.  The shrimp paste with sugar cane was over fried and had no flavor.  Spring rolls were not greasy and crispy.   Our family of 4 finished dinner, asked for the bill and left.  No attempt at all was made to make right the serious incident that could have happened.  The older man at the register said Thank you and good night as did the 2 young servers.  Were we in the twilight zone just now?
