I liked this place. It was on a quiet street in chinatown, not noisy at all, and very comfortable. Don't forget the adorable plates and bowls. Okay. Food varies. The drinks are really nice, the mango smoothie's amazing. Coffee isn't bad either, they have a nice selection of authentic coffee for coffee lovers. Pricy, 9$ for a cup, but it's the nice kind. Okay. I don't really care for the dumplings. Definitely not the house soup noodle. It's seriously boiling vegetables in water, then adding a random assortment of mushrooms, other veggies, egg, and meat. I feel like they take everything they left over from other dishes and boiled it with soft noodles. My favorite is the cold sesame noodle and tomato rice with chicken. Okay. Service, however, is not okay. Understatement. It's terrifyingly horrible. I've been here 5 times and have always left generous tip because although the lady doesn't communicate with us much or is overly attentive, she seemed nice. I liked the atmosphere. So i did the job of a customer to express my appreciation. Every. Time. Today I went and ordered my food politely. But the boss decides to say these words to my face, before she even left with the order. "This is dine in, so you know you have to leave 15-18% tip. This is your choice, if you don't want to leave tip you can order take out. Do you want to order take out? Because you've been here many times and you never leave tip. Last time you left a dime." and she left. How in the world does she think she has the right to scold me? Incredible. I am so sure that I've always left more than the 18% tip she so grudgingly specified. The food isn't even that good, but I keep on returning because I thought it was a friendly place with a nice atmosphere. And I believe that tip is simply a way to express gratitude to good service, which is completely up to me, not her. Are those few dollars really worth losing a potential regular? She scolded me like a mother would to her misbehaving child, I can't describe how rude and offensive it was. And she had the audacity to do it. She had the audacity to tell me to leave tip after scolding me. Congratulations. You just lost a regular.
