I went to this restaurant based on the overwhelmingly great reviews on Yelp.  How could I not try it?  Maybe I ordered poorly, and I did go on  Monday night, but I was not impressed with the food given what we were paying.  The bread was chewy... definitely a day old baguette. The beet salad was also prefabbed the day before, as it came out and everything on the plate was the same cold temperature, from beets to salad to salad dressing. the beets were entirely limp, either overcooked and refrigerated, or simply canned and refrigerated?   I had the signature duck breast dish which was okay, definitely overcooked for medium rare, but okay nonetheless.  presentation was lackluster.  The side including a pinch of chopped tomatoes sitting forlornly at the edge of the plate, and a sweet potato side that tasted good (it was sweet potato after all), but was also prefabbed, as it was a square carved out of some larger casserole, and placed oddly at another edge of the plate.  the same held true with the meringue for dessert, a square carved out from a larger pan.  I simply had never seen a meringue that was not individualized.  the caramelized sugar on top was also burnt.  this place seems to compensate for its small kitchen by premaking most of their meals in industrialized portions, then repackaging them for individual consumers.  does noone else notice this? the service, although other people seem to love it, consisted of one woman who was very involved with the computer, and could not find time for customers.  at one point, she told me she would be right with me, then sat at the computer for 10 minutes.  this place is small, and there is no way she could have possibly forgotten... i was about two feet away.  i also have to say i thought the menu was tacky... at one point it declared that an entree was greasy, in all caps, as though preemptive declarations are somehow a solution to poor quality entrees.  why not also say that the duck is going to be overcooked in all caps as well?  at least i would have been prepared. In the end, I am not from the area, and feel like these stellar reviews must come from people who are prolific on yelp, dont mind overpaying for everything, and perhaps dont get outside of the lousy service typical of other lower manhattan establishments.  other restaurants definitely offer better service and better food at that price.
