If you are going to this restaurant on a Saturday night and looking to dance to Salsa, unless you plan to get there early and bring a date, pick another spot.   Good points first:   1.The bar tenders are fairly prompt, but the crowd is not that big anyway.   2.The bartenders are pretty polite which always adds to a pleasurable experience. 3.The ladies are a pretty good mix of ages so any guy should be able to find a lady regardless of age.   4.  The place feels pretty safe and its not a knuckle head crowd.  Nothing is worse than going to a club and getting felt up by security before you go in!  Thank God they didn't do this here.  OMG! 9/11 would never have happened if the airports had the security of a hip-hop club in America!  Maybe TSA should model themselves after nightclub security.  No hats, no baggie jeans, cops, drug dogs at the front door, metal detectors, and blocked off parking.  The only thing they don't ban at the front door is pork.  Been to clubs all over the world and America is the only place like this.  It's sad. The bad and ugly: 1.If you don't look really hard, you will pass this place.  The sign is not easy to see from the street. 2. If you are not into reggaeton, techo/house, and 15 minute blasts of merengue be SURE to arrive when they first open OR this is all you will hear.  When I was there, I arrived at 12p.m. and the DJ played techno/house and reggaeton for an hour, bachatta for 40 minutes, and Salsa for 8 minutes.  I say 8 minutes because the dj played two songs and it took me at least one of them to find someone who wanted to dance.     3.  The ones who can dance to salsa, already came with partners mostly, but there are a couple who are willing to dance with newbies. 4. The place is old and not well kept. 5.  The drinks are the smallest I have ever seen at any bar!  A gnat couldn't get a buzz from three drinks at this place!   6.  I read reviews that this place was upscale, while not a dive bar, it is most certainly NOT upscale.  It is ok at best.  I am NOT writing about the food, only the decor and location.   Overall, for a Salsa spot, it is the least impressive in New England despite what I read on other reviews.  This is not to say it's terrible, but certainly not at the top of the list.
