They have a good bread service and high quality olive oil. I remember 4 months ago I ordered a clam appetizer.  The dish came out in a nice hot Staub type of dish.  The flavor was good but looking closer at the dish with the candle light, i saw a lot of oil or grease or something.  It might have been the rendering of the chorizo or maybe the butter broke or maybe the wine didn't cook fully but it was the type of oil I didn't want to dip any bread in to finish.  I give that dish 2 stars I also remember eating a pasta.  I forgot what it was but I remember giving it 4.5. stars.  only one and a half heavenly bite size pieces of short rib were on the bowl so I took away 1 whole star. so it became 3.5.   Service was still a 5 considering it was the end of the night  he offered black pepper and parm.  He also continued to check up on me if I need anything.  but at the same level let me be to eat alone.  (930pm) I then went back a month ago.(end of feb. at 10pm)  I sat at the bar because I just worked a long shift, so i wanted no BS. give me food and drink and let me be.  I order the Amaro Cup.  He went maddddddddd cheap on the Fernet, even cheaper on the Compari or maybe i couldn't taste it because he just squeezed half a squeeze bottle of simple syrup into the bar shaker. i give that drink 3 stars.  The pasta I ordered came out delicious 4.5.  This time I hear the servers talking to each other about "gotta take care of my dogs, leaving early, who is opening what tomorrow".  whatevers I got off my barstool, went over and black peppered my own pasta dish.  Forget the parm, I'm already feeling salty with the service.  The bartender is doing the opposite of what he was supposed to be doing and instead of listening to my problems, he's telling me his problems and i guess that is supposed to excuse the crappy service.  he is telling me he worked 12 hours cause of brunch service.  I work 12 hours 5 days a week  standing, making sure food is consistent and up to the highest quality.  I don't need to hear you're BS.  (FOH gets tips and i still left a decent tip after what you showed me.)  I finish eating and then he asks "you want another drink?".  That night service was a 1 star.  It was as unpassionate as the counter girl I order my 6 dollar lomein from.  but cost 4 times as much.  At least she'll flick in two or three packets of hot sauce without me having to ask. Just because you know you are better than NY style eats doesn't mean you can slack off.  I'm begining to not like you VENTURO but why do I dream about your pasta dishes every month or so.
