My wife and I were excited to try this new "Edgy Eatery" that replaced the little Mitchells on the River shack.  The expanded and very creative menu combined with a view of the river is a perfect mix for Al Fresco dinning with family and friends.  Upon arrival at about 6:30pm this past Sunday, they were a bit busy but not overwhelmingly.  The need for additional seating is obvious and they are working with the town to pursue that.  We ordered a Seafood Po Boy for myself, a burger for my wife, and a grilled cheese for our 2 year old daughter.  Luckily a nice woman waiting to cash out pointed us toward their table on the river bank.  After 35-40 minutes of waiting we were a bit concerned  as we didn't have too much time and so I made my way up to ask them to prepare the meals to go which I was perfectly fine with doing.  The waiter and kitchen for a few minutes could not determine if the ticket had been lost so I explained that we would just pay for the couple drinks we had and call it a night if the food was not started.  A gentleman manning the grill said, "we made that order a while ago", and they found the dishes amongst a sizeable collection of stacked plates on the counter ready to go out to tables.  Dumbfounded and not thinking clearly I just asked that they be wrapped to go and I cashed out which came to just over $30.  As we drove home the gentleman's comment re-entered my mind that they had made the food and it had been sitting for some time and so we unfortunately ended up throwing it all away when we got home.  It is common for these type of eateries to take a little time due to typical limitations and growing pains and I'm fine with a wait but when your food sits for at least 25 minutes in an open air environment as you wait is a broken cardinal rule in my book.  I'm not the most critical person as I waited tables throughout my college years and completely understand that when you get slammed it can be very chaotic but this was just too bad of an experience and let down to not share my story.  Hopefully the "SHADdy" crew work things out and realize that you just can't let what seemed to be very good food at least visually sit and wait!!!
