Was It Just An Off Night? We have visited this restaurant more than a dozen times - and it has always been an enjoyable experience. But we have been noticing a slow decline in the quality of table service and the food. Last night's visit, we hope is an exception and not the beginning of a downward trend. The restaurant was half full when we arrived for dinner. We were given a table close to the front door. It was cold out and every time the door opened, we got a thrust of cold air. I had to get up and close the inner door TWICE! The people sitting next to us thanked me. They were really cold too. The owner noticed we were cold and moved us to another table. Nice gesture. However, even from our new table, every time the door opened, the temperature inside would drop considerably. To fix this problem was probably a simple thing to do - the inner door was not closing properly. We ordered dinner and for some reason it took a long time to get our meals served. I ordered the GYRO Platter with extra onions and no lemon on the fries. (I never got the extra onions.) My wife ordered a salad with shrimp. The shrimp were small and over cooked. (That was a first.) Throughout dinner, no one came by to ask us how we were doing, to fill  up our glasses of water or... When it was time to pay the check, the owner asked me how everything was and I told him that most of the meat for my GYRO Platter was burned, over cooked and dried out. I showed him that I did not eat most of the meat on my plate. He said he was going to "yell at someone in the kitchen". That was his answer. He said or did nothing else to make me feel better about my lousy dinner and experience. We paid our bill and left. My wife got sick during the night and we think it was from the shrimp she ate - but of course, there is no way to prove it! Overall, we hope the restaurant was just having an off night and we are willing to give it the benefit of doubt. But if we see other reviews similar to ours, this could be the last time we visit this restaurant.
