No one does it like Mama's When is the last time you asked yourself, "Where can I get some good vegetarian food?" After visiting this Kosher Middle Eastern restaurant in Center City, a short walk from the 22nd st Trader Joes, you'll slap yourself for not asking more often. To say the least, Mama's Vegetarian was a pleasant surprise from the monotony of the average college diet of pizza, ramen, and buffalo wings. The menu is dedicated to a handful of popular eats including, falafel, latkes, hummus platters, borekas, (thin and flakey phyllo dough pockets stuffed with spinach, potato, or mushroom) stuffed grape leaves, and desserts such as baklava and apple cake.   We ordered the house specialty, the falafel sandwich, a side of fries, a soda, and some baklava for dessert. The falafels were fresh from the fryer and were crunchy on the outside and soft and creamy on the inside like they should be. Yum. Shaped like a golf balls, they were stuffed into a freshly baked pita pocket with its usual accompaniments. These included cabbage, hummus, tahini sauce, spicy sauce, cucumbers, diced tomatoes and an unusual choice, pickled mango sauce. My first bite was a satisfying one. The warmth and crunch of an expertly cooked falafel ball covered with three homemade sauces and the cool and refreshing taste of cucumber and tomato. My second bite was even better, now including the cabbage and even more of the spicy sauce, which delivered more heat than your average diner counter version. This however, complemented the whole sandwich wonderfully. While enjoying my well-made (good job guys!) sandwich,  I soaked in the atmosphere of the place. Mama's is small, only seating about 20  and is sparingly decorated save for a wall cluttered with awards from over the years and a large framed poster of the Western Wall, one of the most sacred sites of Judaism in Jerusalem. I let my mind's eye transport me to the wall, where I was under an awning escaping the heat of the day and enjoying a wonderfully composed falafel; a filling, flavorful, and refreshing experience. The open bar salad bar is complementary to anyone who orders a sandwich and is filled with pickles hot peppers, olives, and other random salty vinegary tidbits which I took a generous cup of back to my table to nibble in between my bites from my hefty- sized sandwich. We misjudged the size of our appetite since our side of fries was also more than meets the eye. To our surprise, the paper boat was stacked at least a solo cup high with fries! At first glance we exchanged looks of defeat since to our surprise our sandwich nearly made us want to roll over and take a nap, in a stuffed, satisfied sort of way. None the less, we gladly found room for the baklava which was not overly sweet from the sugar syrup which harmonized not dominated the nutty interior. Truly a treat to savor. The honest friendliness of the two guys behind the counter reminded me of old friends trading jokes with each other at the grill during a summer time bbq. They proved to be both knowledgeable and friendly, sensing our timid curiosity, they opened us up to asking questions about the menu which they where happy to do. Their service was as warm as the freshly fried falafel they served. While we did not get to sample nearly as much as we would have liked from the menu, it was off to a great start. This tiny gem makes you feel like a scout for Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations and a penny pinching college student at the same time. This feast for two to my wallet's delight only set me back around $17. A good deal even in Moses' time I joked on the walk back to the apartment. Next time you're in the area, stop by Mama's Vegetarian; she'll do you right.
