So I went to Le Virtu with 2 friends on Tuesday night......lets just say that Craig LeBain was so off with his 3 bells, they maybe deserved 1.  The service started off great.  The waiter, whose name I can't remember, something foreign, started off with a few wine recommendations.  We ordered a white and a red to start off.  He asked if we just wanted the white to start off with and we said no, please bring both to start.  He poured the white wine and said that he was going to start with the white for the apps and bring the red for the second course, we had ordered 3 courses.  We said that we really wanted it now and it would be great if he could bring it.  He wondered off and walked around doing nothing.  Later he walked by our table and saw that our white wine glasses were empty and realized he STILL forgot the red.  Great job buddy. The food was OK.  We had the fried olives and polenta with sausage and peppers.  The polenta was cold and the sausage was hard seemed like it was old, not tender or flavorful.  We got 2 pastas for the next course.  A papperdale and a agnolitti-both cold and uneventful.  Third course was fine the black ink pasta with seafood, pear salad and a very DRY durado, with a balsamic on the zucinni that was so sour that we didn't eat it.  The ramp pesto was the only thing that was good on the dish. Needless to say we were finishing our wine after desert and the servers moved all of the tables around us and made so much noise we felt so uncomfortable that we took our wine glasses to the bar to finish them.  Never a thank you from the server for the $50 tip, or a greeting from the bartender, like maybe a "Hello, how was your dinner?"  We are all 3 in the service industry so we get it and we were not there that long after our meal and the bar was full so we thought that it would be fine.  Well the bartender couldn't jerk our wine glasses away from us fast enough-I think maybe management should have a reevaluation of their staff-3 bells doesn't mean you should float by with crappy service.  I am just sayin..........I will not be back and I will tell all of my restaurant friends to stay clear!
