Bacon.                  Doughnuts.     Bacon....      Doughnuts. Bacon, Doughnuts. BaconDoughnuts. Not to go all Grover-from-Sesame-Street on you, but the most extraordinary food experiences I've had in this town tend to unite two concepts that had heretofore been disparate, and unites them into a glorious new harmony (the Tarragon Mojito at Artisal way back when had the same effect...).  And now, thanks to Traif, the "BaconDoughnuts" experience will be one I relish for some time.  As the Darling Husband said on the short walk home, the BaconDoughnuts alone would be worth a trip to Traif.  However, the entire experience was a joyful exploration of gustatory pleasures, exemplifying the pork/shellfish theme (like the original Iron Chef episodes airing above the bar, which appear to have been selected for their pork-related key ingredients). It was nice, and unusual, to be treated with an amuse-bouche of warm carrot soup with bacon (of course!) and raisins (why not?).  Yummy, buttery, fresh and flavorful.  I agreed with the guy at the next table who said he could eat about ten shotglasses-full. As mentioned by other reviewers, this is a "small plates/tapas style" restaurant, which means that we were able to try a wide range of dishes.  We started with a seasonally fresh and zingy snap pea salad with feta, grape tomatoes, avocado, dill, and mint, which was a nice way to warm up the palate before we jumped into the meatier portions of the evening (I'm gathering, from the prior reviews that mention dishes that were not on the menu tonight, that there may be a core set of dishes and then some seasonally-influenced rotating features?) Next up, the bacon-wrapped dates, filled with blue cheese, which had been recommended by our server. (Incidentally, the service was great, we did NOT get the "have you eaten at Traif before?" speech, and the experience was altogether speedy and efficient, especially considering that they opened all of a week ago....)  But I digress.  The savory/sweet combo of the dates (presaging the BaconDoughnuts!) was perfectly balanced and exquisite. Next up were the lamb/chorizo meatballs, which were just delicious, slightly gamy, just the right amount of spice, in a mellow tomato sauce.  We followed this with the pork croquettes... which were pretty much what you'd expect from deep-fried chopped barbecue...  athough, from what other reviewers are saying, we might have been better off with the sliders.  The shell-on shrimp were decent, but nothing super-special.   But the bacon doughnuts.... oh man.  Trust me, just go.  Try them, you'll understand.  And then, after all that yumminess?  A dark chocolate/raspberry jam petit fours...  All in all, a great addition to the neighborhood.  Good luck, Traif!  We loved it and we'll be back!  Save us some bacondoughnuts!
