We'd go back to Patricia's but we're not in a rush... REVIEWER #1 I had an overall pleasant experience at Patricia's Restaurant, marred only by the fact that I woke up with a bad cold this morning, and my sense of smell and taste may not have been as discerning as usual. After ordering, I explained to the waitress that I had severe allergies to peanuts and nuts, and to my delight she replied that they didn't use any nuts in the restaurant- I could order anything without fear. Patricia's is a relatively stereotypical diner, with a simple and inexpensive menu. Similarly, the food I ordered covered the basics, and no more. My bacon was nice and crunchy, and my orange juice was cold (also definitely from concentrate). My french toast was slightly disappointing, in that the there was excess egg stuck around the perimeter and the middle was somewhat underdone and soggy. However, I had unlimited pancake syrup and so I managed to clean my plate despite initial hesitations. Patricia's is comfort food, and they live up to those expectations. However, if you are a person who appreciates fresh orange juice and real maple syrup, this is probably not the brunch spot for you. REVIEWER #2 Patricia's is perfect for those seeking a good old-fashioned breakfast in a classic diner setting.  The diner was relatively full for a Sunday morning, frequented by families and students alike.  The ham and Swiss cheese omelette was accompanied by a tasty side of well-seasoned potatoes, and a piece of buttery toast.  The portion size was generous, and pricing was very low, but for those expecting fresh-squeezed orang juice, you might look elsewhere.  Although the food was tasty and the atmosphere pleasant, the cutlery was placed on the table without a napkin beneath it - so those more fearful of germs might also look elsewhere.  Overall, Patricia's presents a cozy environment for an average meal with quick service. REVIEWER #3 The only confusing thing about Patricia's is the fact that both a Red Sox flag and a Yankees flag hang above the counter. Other than that you've got a straightforward diner with a small but classic menu. Since I started liking eggs a few years ago my go to diner breakfast has been two sunny-side-up eggs and bacon with whatever kind of bread like accompaniment the place offers. At Patricia's the bread probably comes from white, polka-dotted packaging and is served cut in half and buttered. I like to make my own sandwich out of my eggs and bacon so when the bread is cut in half and I have a hard/messy time doing this the place usually gets knocked down a bit in my book. Moving past that, my eggs were perfectly cooked. The whites were set and the yolks were runny, yet not so raw that I couldn't move them without having them break. I made my sandwich open faced on the narrow bread with the beautifully crisp bacon as the top bun. My food also came with their breakfast potatoes. The potatoes were fine, they tasted like they might have been cooked with onions. There were many different sized potatoes in the mix which caused some pieces to be extra crunchy and others barely cooked. They definitely didn't add anything to the meal. Although I am not running back down Broadway to Patricia's right away, there are days when I see Eli's Breakfast Sandwich on the dining hall menu and know in my heart that the breakfast I really want looks like the one I had at Patricia's and I am sure that at some point I will find my way back there.
