Moto used to be, hands down, my favorite Brooklyn restaurant. I loved everything about it: the food, the music, and, especially, the ambiance. Two years later, and how things have changed. I think it started when Moto went from an unknown hole-in-the-wall to one of the (lesser) stars of the Williamsburg restaurant landscape. Frankly, it seems like the success has gone to their heads. The food, which, admittedly, was never the strongest aspect of the restaurant, has taken a hit. Or maybe it's that, having eaten there so many times, my perception has changed (I prefer "evolved"). The menu NEVER changes, which means no attention to seasonal ingredients. And while I would recommend everyone go once to try the house eggs at brunch (and the date cake if you have room), the rest of the food is the standard New American cuisine that can be found in 10,000 other restaurants in Brooklyn. Were it just for the unremarkable food, I would still be willing to give Moto 3, even 4, stars, as the ambiance and live music can make for a memorable dining experience. However, I cannot in good conscience discuss Moto without addressing the service. Of all the things at Moto that have changed, the service is the most pronounced. In short, it sucks. The waitstaff is inattentive, and it takes forever to get your food (even when it's not that crowded). The absolute worst thing at Moto is the brunch barista, who sometimes bartends in the evenings. (If you see that the bartender/barista is wearing suspenders, cut your losses and leave). They only serve espresso drinks, and he takes his sweet-ass time with every single one of them. I understand the "drinks are made to order" (this is NYC, for crying out loud, we all know the basics of espresso drinks), but why do you need 10 minutes to make a freaking americano? As if that weren't enough, the guy can't make a decent anything to save his life. The coffee drinks are flavorless and bitter, and I caution you against ordering a cappuccino unless you appreciate the flavor of burnt milk. Plus, he's completely detached and never apologizes for poor service. Were it not for the many great meals I've had here in the past, I would give Moto one star. I constantly urge myself to give it one more chance, and I always regret it when I do. My meal there today was the one and only time I have ever left a minimal tip at a restaurant. Sorry, Moto, we had some good times, but you clearly don't care about me anymore. Sad.
