I'm not gonna lie. I was a fan of the previous Mundo and was damn disappointed (like a lot of people) when it closed down over a year ago. Who couldn't help but love John & Willy, their eclecticly-tasty food, and the just as eclectic crowd they drew to their little place on 32nd Street & Broadway here in Astoria? For my wife & I, we had the distinct feeling that one gets when a dear friend moves many miles away. Sure you're happy that they're moving on to new things, but you selfishly feel like they should nonetheless stay and continue to serve you your favorite Red Sonja & Oregano seasoned french fries no matter how much they might need a break. And so, about a month ago, with some apprehension & much baited breath, my wife & I stepped through the lobby of the new Paper Factory Hotel and into the warmly familiar, but wholly new & revitalized Mundo. I was so happy and excited to see it. It is truly the next phase in what I think they've always dreamed Mundo could be. It's bigger, but still warm and inviting, and it contains all the Turkish-Argentine-World decor that I loved about their old spot. They even have a proper, well stocked bar now. But, most importantly, the food is as delicious and as fresh as ever. Not only have Willie & Jon lovingly poured their hearts into the look & feel of the space, but they've also reinvigorated the food. While Red sonja still has that savory je ne sai quoi, the empanadas, salads & the veggie wrap tasted as good as they've ever tasted. And at the bar, they had these addictive Pisco sours that I can tell are going to be the go-to cocktails for the new Mundo bar. Also, as I understand it, they're even going to have live music on the lower level of the space. Mundo could very well be a new hub for art, music & live performance in Astoria. I now live in LA and there is nothing like Mundo here. Hell, there's nothing like Mundo anywhere else in the world from what I've seen, a place that's part of the neighborhood, that's unique and inviting and otherworldly at the same time. And now that I'm in LA, I can't help but feel like I'm going to be missing out on seeing Mundo 2.0 continue to grow. I miss Mundo, Jon, Willie, & Pinar and would move them here if I could, but I'm heartened to know that they are back in Astoria, better than ever, and that even more people will get to discover their charms, their warmth, and the unique Mundo integrity they brought with them from the original Mundo space. Mundo Que Viva!
