In my opinion, good food is good to the last bite, and even when you eat it later as cold leftovers, it's just as enjoyable.  That is how good fryborg's food is to me, the last bite is as good as the first, and the fries are even good hours later when they get cold!  I've now eaten at the Fryborg truck probably 20 times, and that is merely because when I find something that is consistently good, I stick with it, and add it to my repertoire of good food places that I know will deliver.  So I am a bit of a food snob if  you want to call it that, and fryborg satisfies my food snobery in all it's simplistic, tasty, goodness. The fries; yes they are amazing; Belgian style fries that are twice fried and served with a growing assortment of dipping sauces from ketchup, to interesting herb mayonaises, to just odd sounding things like mango something or other (forgot the name of that one).  But what makes the fries delicious is not the sauces, it's the crisp flaky texture; perfectly salted and fried to perfection every time.   I personally think these are the best fries I've ever had.  I prefer them to the other belgian style fry establishments in New Haven (Rudy's, Elm Bar).  Fryborg got it right in designing these fries, and yes there was obviously a lot of deliberation and though that went into making such amazing french fries. Next the sandwiches; also amazing and they go with the fries in a perfect paring.  The montecristo is delicious yet simple sandwich melding ham and grilled cheese and rasberry jam, which sounds odd but the jam goes so well with the salty ham and plain old school american cheese.   Every sandwich I've tried there has been a simple mixing of different flavors that you would not think to pair with each other, but which work out so well.   Finally, the one thing you need to bring it all together, the beverage.  This place has a vast assortment of cane sugar sodas, including the best soda I've ever had, Hanks Black Cherry soda, which the owner has to drive all the way to Pennsylvania to get.  That's the kind of dedication that to good flavor that I'm talking about here at Fryborg.  Anyway, I went on a bit here, but I recommend it a lot, so try it out.
