About the food: I had the orecchiette and shared sides with the table. The pasta was small but it tasted good. Plus with the sides/appetizers that we shared, we were filled enough to have room for dessert. Some of my friends had the steak, which was pretty good too and was served with a good serving of potatoes. The broccoli side was a little bitter for some reason but the potato side (pretty filling) and mushroom appetizer (small but savory) were really good. About the experience: My friends and I had dinner at L'Artusi to celebrate Thanksgiving and our friend's 21st birthday. We made reservations a couple weeks in advance and everything was fine. Once we got there, however, we noticed that we were not treated with the same respect by the hosts as other customers. I'm not saying that they were outwardly rude but we didn't feel welcomed. They probably looked down on us because we looked too young to eat at such a restaurant. There had only a few customers already inside and those who were enthusiastically greeted before us were offered to have their jackets and coats hung in the closet and were seated either upstairs or by the side booths. When it was our turn, there was no closet offer and we were shown to a table under the stairs that lead to the second floor. The table stuck out of place being the only round table among the side tables and the bar and it felt like we were being showcased as a bunch of young girls that didn't seem to fit in. Our server was nice though and gave us suggestions for meals and drinks. We also asked her if we could put our coats into the closet since we were in a tight corner (about 30 degrees and rain that night) and she offered to bring our coats for us and returned with our tags to take back our coats later. After dinner, we went back to the hosts to ask for our coats and neither of them smiled at us and looked as if they were indifferent to our presence. It's not like we were immature or loud or obnoxious. We didn't even take too long to eat dinner. Our only "mistake" was that we were young. My opinion may seem unreasonable considering we would have stuck out either way but the treatment we received as customers seemed unfair. Nevertheless, we enjoyed our night with each other. May return after a few years, once we become the doctors/pharmacists/therapists/dentists that we plan to be.
