I went to Cuban Pete's last night with three wonderful friends I've known since kindergarten. We were excited to have a night out together, what with the daily demands of work, home & kiddies. We're a fun, easygoing group. But enough about us...here's how the evening went down: We waited about 45 minutes for our table. Honestly didn't mind the wait since we had a lot of catching up to do and spent the time chit-chatting--although it was tight quarters and our friend Lisa spent the time next to a rather large potted tree whose leaves kept falling into her face. Also  harried waiters kept running past with massive plates of food, so we had to keep scrunching in to keep from getting bumped. We got called to our table and the owner led us over. We were happy to sit down and quite hungry. Our waiter showed up right away. He was a friendly fellow, said hello to us and also, "Hello Jose!" to the large bottle of pre-mixed Jose Cuervo margaritas that Lauren had so wisely remembered to bring with her. (Note: Cuban Pete's is BYOB. Lauren had called ahead to confirm this and was told it would be fine to bring our own liquor.) Our waiter offered glasses and ice for our margaritas, which he quickly brought, and even opened the bottle and poured for us. We weren't ready to order our food yet, so he said, "No hurry" and left us. We proceeded to read the menus, chit chat, and enjoy our now-deliciously-cold margaritas. Suddenly, the owner presented himself at our table, and informed us, "Sorry ladies you can't drink that here," pointing to our bottle of margaritas, "Didn't you hear, I got arrested!" He then reached over unceremoniously and grabbed the bottle, assuring Lauren (who rightly pointed out "That's a $26 bottle of liquor!") that he would hold it for us at the front desk. When we expressed surprise at this, and noted that we thought this was a BYOB establishment and we saw other tables with alcoholic beverages, he said, "No. Everybody in New Jersey knows BYOB means beer and wine." Well, this was an odd statement for a few reasons: 1) Why did he assume we were from NJ?; 2) The person answering the restaurant's phone had not told Lauren that she could only bring wine or beer; and 3) while we were waiting to be seated, I had seen a bottle of run sitting on another table. Anyway, here's the kicker: not only did he confiscate our bottle, he scooped up all four of our half-filled glasses, handed them off to a busboy, and scurried away without so much as a "Sorry about that. What can I get you ladies to drink?" He did not even offer us ice water, for pity's sake! Also, he threw his own waiter under the bus when we informed him that the waiter didn't tell us it would be a problem; he said, "He should have known!" But when the waiter came back over, he said he was not aware that only beer and wine were allowed. Here's the thing: what we were drinking included the liquor and the juice. If you buy his virgin sangria or mojitos, and then add the liquor you've brought, he's still making money off your purchase of his juice (which, by the way, he charges the price you'd pay if it did indeed have the alcohol in it. You aren't paying less for just juice. As Lisa pointed out, you're actually paying double since you're buying his juice and buying your own liquor!) We were rather taken aback and disgusted by the way the owner treated us. He talked down to us. I felt like I had been busted for underage drinking at my high school prom. Worst of all, my drink was gone! If I had known that he was actually going to take my glass away, I would have been gulping my drink down while he was blathering on about his arrest that he so obnoxiously assumed we all knew about! Sorry, guy, but I don't live in NJ and I don't keep up on the Montclair police blotter. We couldn't get over the feeling that as customers we had been treated very poorly. As Kathleen rightly noted, if there had been men at our table there is no way in hell he would have talked to us that way. It was all about how the deal went down (Lisa's words). This owner just doesn't know how to treat paying guests. Clearly he believes his restaurant is so busy that it doesn't matter if a few people never come back. That is just so wrong. I vowed to spread the word by writing this review. The thing is, the food is excellent and that made us more mad because we'll never be back to enjoy it again. We had the ropa vieja and the piccadillo. So so good. The virgin mojitos were absolutely undrinkable ("Grassy" was how Lauren described them and that is right on the money) and they arrived about 15 minutes after we got our entrees. When we flagged down the owner and asked him what the hold up with our drinks was, he got pissy with us and when we asked again, he said, "I speak English!" That may well be the case, but he does not appear to understand it very well. My one-star rating is based purely on this owner's absolute lack of class as a restauranteur.
