I opened a Yelp account just for this restaurant. My family went to SuzyQue's for a great meal after my sister's last ever dance recital, and unfortunately, I feel we may have insulted my sister by taking her there. We were a party of 9 and the resturant was only 2/3 full, so it was not really busy.  The service was slow, and the waiter always had a confused look on his face.  We had 5 knives on the table when we sat down, and no forks.  The table was not wiped down enough.  The carpeting had bits of food along the edges and in the corners.  The menus were greasy. The food was........ forgettable.  Except for the french fries, they tasted like fish according to my wife.  After staring at the filthy restaurant before ordering, I decided not to order any vegetables for fear of eating something overcooked from a can.  So I opted for 1 side with my brisket, a baked potato (it was fine).  But the waiter more or less forced a second side on me when I initially said, "no, just the potato." Dinner took FOREVER to be served.  AND we had to flag down the waiter after he served the meal for 2 things:  1, my wife's potato, which took like 4 minutes to show up, and 2, for forks and knives..... yes, we waited about half an hour after being seated for utensils, which he did not place for us, nor carry on a tray, rather he had all 18 forks and knives in his hand and handed them to me. Servers were carrying plated with their thumbs in the food on occassion. Later in the service we saw a busboy who had pants sagging halfway down his ass looking like he was from East Orange, pull a napkin out of his BUTT-POCKET and wipe down the tables.  Revolting! I couldn't really eat after realizing that my food was sitting on a table that was most likely wiped with a napkin that was resting against some skeaze-bag's buttcrack. Robert Irvine and Restaurant Impossible or Gordon Ramsay and Kitchen Nightmares needs to stop on by for a few days and fix things........ or the Board of Health should show up. Save yourself the money, and the disappointment and potential health hazards, and go somewhere else.  I will NEVER RETURN.
