I had high expectations for this restaurant yet my disappointment was overwhelming and I left wanting my money back. My husband and I joined a few friends at Medittera for the evening. The hostess was very attentive and friendly. The atmosphere was sublime and the waiter was astute. I have to say that there are no complaints when it comes to evaluating the restaurant and staff. The star of the show should not be the physical elements of a restaurant as much as the food. The table ordered the mezze sampler which consisted of a teaspoon of artichoke parmigiano, red pepper & black bean hummus. We were served a small basket of flat bread to accompany this uninspired , tasteless appetizer. The price did not match the amount of food you received and everyone at the table was able to have one taste. The  hummus I personally make and hummus at other Mediterranean restaurants taste better and not so bland and dry. The next thing that was ordered was Jumbo Lump Crab Cake which consisted of celery root, apple slaw & lemon caper aioli. Where was the crab cake in this mess of slaw? Overcompensating with greens and not featuring the crab cake is a huge violation! Although I now understand why the chef hid this dry piece of crab. My husband and I commented on the crab cake we ordered in Maryland and honestly I would prefer to spend gas money travelling to Maryland than to endure another round at Mediterra. Moving on. The table ordered the following main courses, Black Angus Skirt Steak, Paella, and Fresh Sweet Pea Cannelloni. Having tasted everything but the Paella, I can only say that I was flabbergasted at this below par food. The skirt steak was over-cooked after asking for medium. My friend choked on the steak because of the toughness. The sides are so insignificant that commenting on them would make this review too long. I tasted the steak and would have rather eaten at Applebee's. No that is not a compliment. The Cannelloni was mushy and the plate was small. I appreciate them putting two micro-tiny balls of chorizo in the dish or else I would have never known they existed. The dish tasted ok....like mushy diner food at 2 o'clock in the morning. My food came with a salad. What can I say? I can't remember what it tasted like. Very unforgettable. Without making this review longer and enduring foodie flashbacks, I just cannot say anything remotely encouraging about the food. Overall people need to avoid this restaurant. Sure it is shiny and beautiful and in Princeton but the food does not reflect the quality of the area. Stopping by for drinks would be nice for this restaurant because the outside seating is wonderful and the inside is warm and inviting. The staff was pleasant so that is the only bright point for a rather disappointing and highly expensive (see menu for prices) evening.
