First off, Please understand I have worked in some aspect of the restaurant biz pretty much my whole life.  I'm an extremely understanding diner...the absolute minimum I will tip is 20%.  That being said...I left a 20% tip tonight at August, and I will not EVER be returning.  Taking it a step further I asked my boss to never use this establishment again for any of our business needs.     I had heard good things about August, so I booked a reservation for a business dinner, to entertain some clients, well over a week in advance.  It was for a party of 6.  The restaurant called me today, the day of the reservation to confirm, I missed the call and they left a vm asking me to call back and confirm.  I thought this was a bit high maintenance, as I usually just receive reminder calls from restaurants pertaining to day of reservations requiring no action from me, however if this how they do it...fine, no problem.  So I called them back and had a polite exchange confirming my reservation.                 Silly me thought that having a confirmed reservation meant that at the assigned time a table would be ready to accommodate my party.  No such luck.  Even worse, August has so many tables jammed into a tiny small front space, there was literally nowhere for my party to wait.  We were asked to crowd into a tiny space, literally in front of the open kitchen.  As a party of 6, we had to stand single file...and we were in EVERYONE's way...blocking the bathroom...impeding communication between the waitstaff and kitchen...and uncomfortably close to tables of folks trying to enjoy their dinners.  I told one the owners that my guests and I were very uncomfortable, and she said that a table should be leaving soon and we will be seated.  I told her I just saw someone go and refill the water glasses of the table that should be leaving.  In my experience if you are looking to expedite a lingering table, who has already paid there check...offering more water seems like a really bad idea.   So after 10-15 minutes of my guests being uncomfortable, and of me being both uncomfortable and embarrassed, we were finally seated.  At this point everyone is happy & hungry...and the staff was great informing us of the menu changes & specials.  Everyone made their selections and our server promptly appeared to take our orders.   Unfortunately, another problem arose when the dinner was delivered.  The person next to me ordered the same entree as I did, and as soon as they were in front of us, we immediately saw that both dishes contained very small portions.  Everyone else at the table had hearty portions of food on their plates.  I would have just left it alone, I never send ANYTHING back.  However my dining companion mentioned the small amount of food on her plate.  Next thing I know someone came to get both her and my dinners to bring back to the kitchen.  2 minutes later, the dinners are returned...only they took some of my food to put on her plate.  I'm still flabbergasted by this maneuver.  At this point, I don't want any further aggravation.  I ate the tiny portion of pasta...and honestly it was very good.  As was the Arugula salad I enjoyed as an appetizer and the Chocolate Chip Banana Bread Pudding I finished up the meal with.   So all in all I don't like getting aggravated, especially when I am out to dinner.  The food would have def been enough to have me put it in our reg circulation of establishments we use to entertain our clients.  However the unprofessional actions of the staff, makes it a permanent no go for me.  Too many restaurants that serve at least good food in the city that will greatly appreciate my patronage, and therefore will make an effort to make us feel Welcomed & Valued.
