Took my family of 4 and my parents here last night.  I was very excited to step off the train and finally have a place to go to.   The positive: Stoney and his partners have invested substantial capital in this renovation and the aesthetic works.  A welcoming main dining floor, significant bar with an adjacent wall of windows that opens onto downtown.  Very pleasant at sunset.  Front private dining room for events and overflow with adjacent full bar,  Pub with limited menu downstairs.  Crowds and management were enthusiastic.  Beers on tap and bottles.  Some very attractive looking specialty cocktails were being served.  And, a handful of wines priced under $40.   Negatives: keep in mind this place just opened.  Serving and table staff are young and inexperienced.  The menu, which lacks any particular identity (it has 1 of multiple types of food - always a concern for a menu), has no descriptive content and the staff was ill equipped to explain.  Example, Cod Serrano.  Does the preparation have Serrano ham? The staff did not know (or know what Serrano ham is; rather,t hey said it was a Panko crust (it was not)).  Side vegetables are pre-steamed and arrive wilted and at room termp.  The guava ribs appears to be a product of a typical water-steam preparation.  While quite moist, they were utterly flavorless.  They were accompanied by a thick side of Romesco.  That serves absolutely no point, did not compliment the dish and was not even on the plate as a sauce for glazing. Short ribs had taste but were dry, which is precisely what you do not want in a short rib,  Starter of pork belly suffered same fate.  Starter of  Caeser's salad was actually...warm? Dressing was off-putting and needed lemon.  No cracked pepper mills available in the restaurant - a must for Caesar's.  (Side note on seasonings, be careful of the salt shakers on each table, they pour HUGE amounts of salty very quickly, which could be disastrous for an inattentive diner).  There were pepperoncinis int he salad too - executive chef needs to figure out what this menu wants to be.).  My Stella on tap was not very cold.  White wine by the glass came out at room temp. Entrees (ribs, fish, roasted chicken, short rib, etc.) run about $23-$28, so these type of oversights, at this price point, need to be corrected ASAP. Verdict: great place for drinks.  That alone makes this a worthy destination.  Menu needs to be seriously re-thought.  Owners also need to have more options for starters that can be turned quickly, because the delay time is too long and they are loosing money per seat.  Perhaps sample a cold bar in the summer months.  Fresh, light, easy, clean and a nice mark-up for the venue.  Staff needs proper training.  Again, this JUST opened.  My words are intended to provide constructive criticism not scare patrons away.  I live in South Orange, and I will definitely be back.
