I have had dinner here twice.  The second time was only just yesterday and I would never recommend this restaurant. The salad bar was fresh and creative.  However, some of the salad plates had bits of food stuck onto them.  The salads we chose were of modest size, in anticipation of the dinner to follow. It took a long time for the entree to arrive...a giant clock made it easy for us to monitor the time. I think 40 minutes is a long time. The clock was a distraction from the filmy tabletop and tableware. Actually, I was feeling a bit ignored. There were three waitstaff on duty. Tables with customers...five. I guess that's what puzzled me about the delay. Last night I was served the first restaurant meal I have ever refused to eat. That bad dinner and the subsequent interaction with our waitress, was aggravating. The Panko Salmon with Berry Sauce was quite simply, quite obviously, quite thoroughly burned. I was curious about why the fish was drowning in a plate full of berry sauce. With the first bite, I understood why. The sauce was used to hide the char. That is deceitful. It is just plain wrong, on so many levels. It took awhile to bring this to the attention of our waitress. She brought the dish to the kitchen and returned with an apology. I did not want an alternative meal by this time. I did not want dessert. Just...the bill. When I was presented with our bill, our waitress explained I would not be charged for the entree. Instead I would "only" be charged for the salad bar and glass of wine. It seems my arched brow did not communicate my aggravation sufficiently. I did not order a salad bar meal. I ordered a dinner. I did not eat a salad bar meal. I did not eat a dinner. Asking a customer to pay for something they did not order and did not eat...as part of an "apology" causes a customer to feel (at the least) diminished or (at the worst) insulted. I don't think this was an isolated experience.  I have brought this to the attention of the restaurant owners.  They acknowledged my complaint but have not actually responded in any other way.
