"Food so great, it will make you sop your plate!" I have lived in Downtown Hartford since 1997, and I have enjoyed All the BBQ this town has to offer. Bear's is, without question... the    B  E  S  T ! This is a new restaurant that makes a big impact on Downtown Hartford, and anyone who considers themselves a 'foodie', and tries the BBQ. As I walked in, I found the atmosphere to be modern designer cafe' meets thoughtful industrial utilitarian. The ceilings are high, exposed brick, metal and wood felt honest and pleasing. There is a balcony. And the meat cutting and food prep staff are all in plain sight for anyone to see.  This place is just flat out cool and I dig it. The staff are all friendly and professional... shout out to Brandon! The men's room had good colors and design, and was spotlessly clean... which honestly, is priceless and immensely appreciated right there. The daytime lighting is cool looking and perfect, but I could go for a bit warmer or dimmer mood lighting transition at night, although I could only muse about that for a hot second while I was waiting in line with my mouth watering from the BBQ aroma therapy. As soon as I sat down, the food commanded the stage. There is something about good BBQ that one instinctively and immediately recognizes as authentic. This kind of BBQ is awesome, because it has just the right recipe and it takes TIME.  I could taste it. So I asked the owner, Jamie, how long he smoked his meats ... he puts in at 3 pm and smokes it throughout the night, and doesn't take it out til 9am the next day... that's 18 hours later! That is amazing, and the food is so good it is literally addictive! My personal favorite is the Burnt Ends... on Monday, with beans and cornbread. Tuesday is my brisket day... the Broccoli salad keeps my wife happy. Wednesday I have to go Mac Attack! Thursday is my healthy Big Mama Bear's Salad topped with turkey. Friday has to be sausage and pork and extra corn bread with honey butter. Saturday is the Paw Paw's Poutine with pork an spicy sauce. Sunday is Paw Paw's Poutine with pork and spicy sauce... yes, it's that good. NOTE: Did you know that Jamie, "The Bear", is a competitive eater? He has won a ton of eating competitions, enough to start up BEAR'S! There are even competitive eating challenges listed on the black board, and held fairly often. Think you can eat big? He's got a thousand bucks, (yes, $1000.00) waiting for you, (even with the help of a couple of buddies) to try and take him down in 10 minutes... and on top of all that, Jamie and the BEAR'S family are supporters of the community. Quite often they will hold fundraising events that support deserving organizations and causes in the community. Two weeks ago I attended a fundraiser for the Hartford Public Library! What other restaurant does that? Seriously, BEAR'S is GOOD PEOPLE and GOOD FOOD! Kudos to BEAR'S SMOKEHOUSE BBQ! Tao LaBossiere, Hartford Mural Artist  -   Come enjoy one of my original mural paintings on the outside wall of BEAR'S !
