Tip Top continues to be one of our favorite places to go for special events as well as casual dining. We went last night to celebrate my birthday. We always request the same waiter and he is absolutely wonderful and very professional. We started our meal with an appetizer special, a lump crab martini that was fantastic. I am disappointed it was only a special, I would definitely get it again if I could!! While looking over the menu we noticed 2 separate groups walk out without ordering. I don't think it had anything to do with the service because even though they were busy the staff were doing a great job attending to all the tables from what I could tell. The menu is limited and the unique flavor combinations may not be for everyone. The prices are moderate, most entrees are under $20. My boyfriend got the strip loin. He said it was a tougher cut of meat but that it was cooked perfectly (he ordered medium rare) and that the slight toughness worked well with the way it was prepared and presented. He is not a big fan of green vegetables so I was hoping I'd get to eat his artichoke salad. He always ends up eating his vegetables at Tip Top! I had the flounder. I can see how this meal wouldn't be for everyone. I loved it but the combination of the rhubarb slaw, panko, and the sweet soy was very unique. Every bite was something different, a little sour, a little salty, a little sweet. I could have had a second plate! We finished our meals with the Strafford Creamery vanilla ice cream and the flourless chocolate tort. I thought the ice cream would be boring but it was so rich and creamy, unlike any vanilla I have ever had. My boyfriend said that it was like eating sweetened frozen butter (in a good way!) The chocolate tort was somewhere between mousse and fudge, it was rich and decadent while not overly heavy. It melted in your mouth and was perfectly complimented with the fresh cream and strawberries. We ended up having 5 drinks, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts. Our bill was just over $120 before tip which I think is very reasonable for the abundance of food and flavor that was presented to us. Thank you Tip Top for continuing to amaze me with great food and great service!
