La Cosinita is a small Mexican cafe at the corner of Park and Chapel St in New Haven, CT.  It's the type of place you feel yourself blessed to find, it's that small neighborhood cafe that will flavor and lend its color to many stories, conversations and late night snacks.   We all dream of such a place, a place where you try to gain some space, a place where you attempt friendliness, and yes, just like in cheers, a place where you will be remembered by name or by dish after your third visit. It's family owned, you will probably be greeted with a warm smile.  In all likelihood, the cook will probably never talk to you, but you will begin to like him, look forward to seeing him peep out his head from the back.  It is the quintessential neighborhood "joint" at the corner of 3rd and some street. There is no formality or overt customer friendliness. The waitress/cashier/maître d' will let you choose "any seat in the house". The seating area is L shaped and the tables are covered with a protective glass over a raffia type table cloth. A folkloric Mexican sombrero hangs forgotten towards the back of the room.  A statue of the Virgin Mary keeps guard over the remainder of the restaurant.   La Cosinata is a two man show, actually a woman and man. The Waitress/cashier/maître d' greets the customers, takes payment and orders. The cook, who works from an open kitchen, prepares the meals. We ordered one order of Enchiladas Swisaa, an order of pork filled spicy Tamale and chips which came with a tomato salsa and a hot salsa verde.   We started with the chips and salsas. These were real chips, they were not baked, or made with some low fat substitute. They were freshly fried and arrived hot with a light golden color.  The cool tomato salsa made with lime, red ripe tomatoes and cilantro was perfectly married to the crisp chips. The heat from the Salsa verde made with tomatillos and jalapeno lent itself perfectly to the mix.   Our main dishes arrived and filled our little table. Each arrived with a side of Mexican rice and refried beans.  We knew immediately that we would not be able to finish the dishes. They may have to review the definition of "generous" to fit the new standards set by La Cosinata.  Each serving can easily serve two to three persons, in generous amounts. The Enchiladas Swisaa arrived smothered in lime green salsa verde and freshly cut avocado sprinkled with queso fresco, inside four enchiladas stuffed with shredded chicken meat were waiting quietly to surface. The tamales remained hot under their corn husks.  Each husk contained a thick masa (corn based soft dough) that revealed yet another surprise, the center was filled with dangerously orange hot sauce and a few pieces of pork. As predicted, we were not able to finish our dishes, and we barely touched the side dishes. This is a great take out place, with generous portions and flavor infused authentic Mexican dishes.  I will keep the card at the front of the take out section in my restaurant rolodex.
