Have been a fan of Garces' work for quite a while and his new effort at JG Domestic has furthered my appreciation for his attention to detail. My wife and I went to celebrate our 5 year anniversary this past Saturday. Although we were sat in a part of the restaurant that seemed to be a bit removed from the main dining room, I think we lucked out by having an excellent server, Tom, who made our evening. My wife and I hadn't eaten all day to save room for dinner, and after being guided through the menu, Tom let us know that we may have over ordered but would see how we were feeling later before bringing out everything we had ordered. I think that may have been one of the most sincere gestures that I've been witness to from the standpoint of a server. He could have just brought out everything and let us deal with too much food and a case of sticker shock but seemed genuine and wanted to help make the most of our evening. Now to the food.... Mushroom flatbread is out of sight, AMAZING. A nice size and fun dish to share, but we were blown away at the amount of flavor that was brought out by somewhat simple ingredients. I know this will most likely have changed by the time I post this, but we ordered the "Whole Animal", which was half of a roasted chicken, and two vegetable sides, and I can't even remember what vegetables we ordered because the Chicken was far better than the best I have ever had.  Tender, juicy, and completely full of flavor, as well as being nearly 2 pounds of food !!!. We ate every bite as well as the vegetables, which were good, just hard to remember after such a fantastic bird. We still had some room after the "Whole Animal", and Tom brought out the Colorado Lamb Spareribs. He brought them out, which at most of the other small plate/ tapas style restaurants we've been to hasn't always been the case. Tom's personal service and his attention to the details in the dish made it almost an adventure for us to eat it. He was right by the way, the addition of the roasted peanuts was genius and one of the reasons why Jose Garces' restaurants represent such a fantastic value.  The lamb also the best I've ever had, tender, fall off the bone, and absolutely no gaminess whatsoever. Lastly (I know this was a long post) get the Bourbon dessert. Get two of them, start your meal with one, have one as a side during your meal, I cannot put into words how good the ben-YAYs are. Get them, even if you ate dinner at another restaurant, go to JG for dessert...
