I periodically rip-out and save the Philadelphia magazine reviews on great looking restaurants. Weeding through the pile, I finally came to the February 2013 article on Fette Sau.  We (my wife and some friends) love ribs, brisket and barbecue - we couldn't wait to try this place. Okay - let me describe our dinner. The weather was beautiful so we were able to eat outside. We all thought that the rustic, picnic type atmosphere was fun. The bar is really neat and has a great selection of whiskey and beer. The bartender was extremely helpful and let us sample several of the on-tap varieties. To be honest, I really didn't care for any of them, they seemed "flat" - but hey, maybe that's just my problem. Now the food.  The four of us decided to order a variety of the available smoked meats and share. The servers behind the counter were very helpful in describing the available offerings and suggesting portion sizes. We ordered the brisket, pulled pork, ribs, sliced pork, corn on the cob, baked beans, mushrooms and broccoli.  All of this came to about $75.00. The short ribs, which I had been looking forward to, were not on the menu that evening. Now The Good, The Bad and The Ugly. We first tried the ribs. We all agreed that they were okay, but nothing special. No really distinctive, signature barbecue flavor. They were similar to, but no better than the ribs that you'd get in a decent Chinese restaurant - just more expensive. We next tried the brisket. What a disappointment!  The crusty bark was the best part. Once you break through this, there is a layer of fatty, tasteless (but tender) meat. Not good, but again, expensive. The pulled pork was okay, but not as good as you'd get in some of Philly's better-known Italian sandwich shops.   The sliced pork, again, was OK, but nothing special. With regard to the vegetable.  We all agreed that the baked beans were exceptional - some of the best we've ever had.  We bought some of the beans to-go. The mushrooms were also a hit. Great flavor and texture. The corn on the cob was good - but a little waterlogged. Nobody at our table could eat the broccoli. Although cooked, it was still on the raw side and laced with a powerful vinegar. We ordered the Key Lime pies for dessert. These were excellent. Crispy crust and a flavorful filling. But, all things considered - not a great dining experience. I've crossed this place off my list. There's better Bar-B-Que out there.
