This restaurant is CRAZY expensive! Not only is it expensive, but the portions are so small. They charge you almost $8 for a regular/small pho yet, gives you so little food in it! This is not a good practice! I decided to buy the 2nd big size pho ($7.95) and it was the size of a regular/small pho that I could have gotten at ANY other Vietnamese restaurants in NJ and NY at a cheaper price. In it, there was a very small batch of rice noodle and probably 4 slices of beef, 1 "hair string" of beef trip, diced up beef tendon! This is truly a ripped off. At any other Vietnamese restaurants, for the same order at a CHEAPER price, we would have gotten double or triple the amount of food. We had to ask for soup spoons since we were only given chopsticks. We ordered a large spring roll and they only gave 2 tiny cups of dipping sauce (the fish sauce) for 7 people to share! Unbelievable! At all the Vietnamese restaurants I have been to, they will give each person their individual bowl of sauce to dip into. The dipping/fish sauce is NOT expensive so don't try to cheat the customers on that considering the crazy high price they charge. My friend ordered the pork chop with white rice and egg. It came in a small appetizer plate! They gave 1 small pork chop (other standard places give 1.5 pork chop or more) and a small scoop of white rice. Again, white rice is NOT costly. We had to ask them for fork and knife; I don't know how they expect us to eat the rice on the small/appetizer plate with chopsticks. So, for the high price we paid, we got very small portion food with OK services. We went on a Sunday night (8:30pm) and there were only 3 tables (including ours) filled, but we had to remind them of the cup of ice we had asked for 15 mins ago. The food overall was good. Yes, the decor was nice. No complaints there. However, it surely doesn't justify for the price. I also don't have a problem with the high price, but if you are going to charge double the price and be CHEAP about the portion, then that's a real problem. Pho 99, don't try to cheat your customers! It's not nice to rip your customers off. We will NEVER go back to this place and definitely not recommend it.
