I learned my culture and economic lessons at Yogi today. I thought all street vendor foods are on nearly eqaul footing with Tad's Steak on wheels.  I play safe when it comes to food so I've only tried infamous Halal Guys and well marketed Korilla BBQ, and never even bothered trying other smaller food vendors. But as I see more and more For Rent signs and street cart vendors every corner of the city blocks showing the change of times, I knew one day I would be brave or starve enough to try them out. That day came today as I walked around the area only to find all those boutique delis have line stretched out the door (great depression soup line like but paying $20 a bowl!!!).  I would have normally gone to Chipotle but the nice and breezy weather made me stroll a little farther outside of my normal lunch zone and ended up staring this food cart called Yogi.   There were just a few people (Caucasian, and there's a reason for racial profiling) in line.  I glanced the menu which was simple enough - beef, pork and chicken on taco or with rice + 3 available sauce.  I like how Yogi didn't smell strong and enticing grill/BBQ flavor because that only means lower quality meat with a whole lot of MSG (whichever people call it these days).   I was between chicken terriyaki and beef bulgogi but ended up getting chicken terriyaki + terriyaki sauce + spice mayo as the guy was suggesting, "You can't go wrong with chicken".  But he added some sample beef bulgogi on top so I can come back and try later if I like.  How nice!  I also ordered (I know I'm fat and need to lose weight) spicy pork taco with kimchi topping + spicy mayo sauce. Chicken was nicely cooked (neither salty nor peppered all over) and the sause was not too strong that I enjoyed.  However, bulgogi beef was a bit salty, wish they were sweeter and less salty.  Maybe because I was eating them with kimchi.  Another surprise was kimchi being fresh and not too ripe, it tastes better than some other Korean restaurants' in the city - don't ask me how I know, I've been eating kimchi since the day I started walking.  I'm biased b/c I have $400 rice cooker at home but their rice can be better. Now this is really interesting.  Those Caucasian guys in front of me were asking for kimchi instead of side salad - another sign of showing the change of times!!!????  This is unbelievable. I must have been living under a rock for decades. Anyway, I've had a full stomach and was pleasantly surprised because of Yogi today.  You should definitely try Yogi if you are reading this review. 5 stars for quality chicken, fresh kimchi, reasonably priced menu and excellent service (also, no 30 min waiting line) but minus 1 star for a bit salty bulgogi and avg. rice.
