My boyfriend and I grabbed an early dinner here before our 7:00 showing of 'Of Mice and Men'. I know I'm reviewing the restaurant and not the show, but seriously do yourself a favor and just wait for someone to post the show on Youtube. Apart from Chris O'Dowd's stunning performance as Lenny, it was 3/5 stars in my humble opinion (and congrats on that Tony nom, Chris!). Ok yeah... where was I? OH YES the food. I made reservations for 5:15 on that Thursday night. When we got there it was obvious that I didn't need one that early in the day. We basically had a pick of the house. There are three stories to this 1893 charming little building and we went straight up the creaky stairs to the top. Let me tell you, this place is small and not too impressive from the outside, but then again what in Manhattan looks good from the outside? You don't go to a place to stare at the outside of the building. So the top floor has maybe 9 or 10 little tables in it and a quaint little bar immediately to your left as you walk in. The gentleman taking care of us pointed through the empty room to the romantic corner table for two right by the window. I admitted that I wouldn't remember his name and he admitted the same, but insured us that he would remember us by our drink orders, but this guy game the most earnest and welcoming customer service we have ever experienced. Customer service isn't the right word for it..... hospitality. Chris (I did indeed remember his name ^_^) welcomed us frightened tourists off the loud mean Manhattan streets and let us straight into his home. This guy was SERIOUSLY the epitome of NYC hospitality. So both my boyfriend and I were undecided about what we wanted to eat and drink, which can be the most I'm-about-to-slap-you-in-your-face annoying thing to ever say to a waiter, but Chris offered up his personal favorites and perfect wine pairings to go with each respective dish. I got the pork chop with cumin sauce, double-butter mashed potatoes, and steamed broccoli paired with the sauvignon blanc and my boyfriend got Chris's #1 favorite, mushroom ravioli with the pinot Noir. I swear my boyfriend got off on that meal. He didn't say one word while he was eating. It was like he was on a date with the damn ravioli instead of me. Don't get me wrong, the pork chop was cooked perfectly and absolutely melted in my mouth, I just wasnt as sexually attracted to my meal as my boyfriend obviously was to his. It did take a little while to get our food, but that is certainly not a complaint. We were the only one's in Chris' room for almost the whole time we were there and I was having a damn good time just chatting it up. He also went down to the kitchen more than once to see how it was coming which I greatly appreciated but, again, that's not a complaint. I enjoyed the entire experience 100% beginning to end. All in all as much as I want to explore and experience new things every time I go to the city, I think I'll definately pay the Hourglass Tavern another visit.
