I will preface this review by saying that the food is really good. It is the service and the way this restaurant is run that is awful. Secondly, I understand that people can just be mean, and obnoxious. I am not one of those people. I am a waitress at another Orange, CT restaurant on the Boston Post Road. I have dealt with obnoxious, unreasonable people & I know how a restaurant should be run. A few nights ago my mom and I went there for dinner. My mom ordered the 28.99 dollars filet mignon.  She ordered it medium rare, it came out medium well to well done. Normally we are not the type of people to send food back, but I convinced her to seeing as it was a nearly 30 dollar entree.  In my, and most other restaurants, as soon as something is sent back, a manager beelines for the table to apologize, etc.  My mom was upset because she was not even hungry anymore, and although the waitress did offer to make my mom another, she didn't want to wait.  I understand this was not the waitresses fault, it is likely that the kitchen just messed up.  The issue here really is not even that the kitchen messed up, but after we sent the dish back, our waitress disappeared for roughly 10 minutes leaving us there to wonder what was going on. No manger appeared, nothing.  The waitress ended up coming back apologizing for the long wait, she had to get the manager to take the entree off the bill. Again, no manager no nothing. At my restaurant, when something is sent back, not only does the manager present themselves, but also offer free desserts or some other comp. But nothing.  Eventually I asked to speak to a manager who basically said she did not have time for us because she was working the bar. First, there should be a designated manager on duty who's only job during that shift is to manage, not to bartend, not to serve, etc.  I then told the manager about our previous experience.... The previous visit to Gabriele was awful as well. I had to send my carbonara back because I asked for no meat, and it came with meat. No big deal, but I sent it back. The second time it came back with a hair in it, which really should yield for a manager to come to the table. No manager came, and our party of five (who's bill was well over 100 dollars) were not offered anything, only my dish was comped off the bill. Honestly, you just seem to have no idea how to run a restaurant. I told the manager this and explained that I do in fact see this everyday, and told her what she should have done.  Yes the food is excellent (when it comes out correctly which it often does not), but the service is just awful.   Only after I spoke with the manager did she offer coffee and desserts: we declined. I wasn't in it for a free comp, I just simply felt I needed to voice to her what should have been done.   There are other good restaurant on the BP road, that provide good service.  I have been to Gabriele's many many times over the years, and I am sad to say I will never be back.
