Well, we went to Trattoria L'incontro anticipating great things from this "encounter", what with the Zagat 27 rating and good local buzz. We were greeted warmly by hosts and hostesses and were seated on the periphery away from the central, somewhat crowded hubbub. Great! The obligatory bread basket with thin slices of crusty bread and wafer triangles of flat bread were accompanied by a sun-dried tomato tapanade and bottles of olive oil for the table. OK, still good. We were treated with spirited attention, details of ingredients, and patience for many menu questions by the very tall waiter, who sang out a surprisingly endless litany of specials. Still OK, sort of. My dining experience has forged a resistance to "specials" (sp) lists that are bigger than the regular (rg) menu. Chefs sometimes use these as litmus tests for new recipes. Sometimes these go awry, and always at the expense of paying customers. Our appetizers arrived very quickly. The baked clams (rg), beet salad with dried ricotta shavings (sp), the boar sausage (sp), and the goat cheese and other salads (rg & sp) were all terrific! The Linguine a la Vongole Bianco (rg) was fantastic! Garlicky, brothy, pasta al dente, with fresh littlenecks, YUM!!! Sides of Broccoli Rabe (rg) came with some dishes and were very tasty, sharp and sweet. Sadly the fried calamari (rg) ordered for the table and its red sauce were mediocre and tasteless. Surprised at that last thing, but no alarms as yet. Then came the entrees and the wait. And wait. And wait. Even with the lively conversation, the many bottles of good red wine, and by the standard Italian tradition of leisurely dining, it seemed a very long wait. It was actually 40 min. from cleared app plates to next course service, with several entrees arriving 10 min. after the first wave!!! No apology from the wait staff. First alarm! That would not have been a big woop had the dishes been up to snuff. The results however, were very disappointing. Except for an excellent pounded veal chop (sp?), and some decent sole (rg), the rest were almost embarrassing. The Tiger Fish (sp) came out with some gloppy, clinging brown sauce, adhered to 4 or 5 very small finger-shaped pieces of fish. The sauce overpowered the minuscule portion and was not pleasant. The Chilean Sea Bass (sp) was equally a minuscule portion and very dry. The Pizza (rg) was not even good enough for a corner slice place, though the brick-oven seemed to promise better. The Gnocchi (sp) was only passable and the two orders of Grilled Veal Chop (sp?) were both under-charred, undercooked, and an unappetizing beige looking turnoff with the consistency of boiled rubber. YIKES!!! As we had several kids in tow and in the midst of a celebration, we did not complain or cause a scene, and when asked delivered a hollow "everything was fine" upon exit. Had we been out under normal circumstances, we would have sent back or changed orders on five entrees!!! I've never had to contemplate doing anything on a scale like that ever, anywhere else. If we'd stuck to appetizers and side-dishes this review would have had a rating of 4. Based on the entrees it should be a 1. Because we said nothing and did not give management a chance to make things right, I gave it a 2. I probably will not go back any time soon.
