We had our 2012 office Christmas party at this Chelsea location.  We were a party of 18, not a big party, but certainly not insignificant.  Beyond that, the boss is friends with the owners of Luzzo's for years, so the incident should never have happened.  Let me correct that, it should not have happened to anyone, especially with a guest who knows the owners, with a party of 18, visiting for a holiday celebration.  UNFORGIVABLE!!! We had 5:30pm reservations and seated in a timely manner.  By the time we settled in and were prepared to order appetizers, it was probably around 6:00pm.  It was close to 6:15 to 6:30 when we started getting food on the table.  We had a round of pizzas and various appetizers.  Ovest is renowned for the pizza, and they were good as expected.  But I was very disappointed by the meatballs.  They were nothing in particular in flavor and texture.  I suspect they were sitting in the kitchen for a while because they arrived at room temperature.  The artichoke hearts were again, nothing in particular.  I can't even remember the rest because they were all who-cares. We finished appetizers and they took our entree orders around 7:00 and were served by 7:30.  My entree was ravioli with mushrooms.  Again, arrived lukewarm and was nothing in particular.  Fine, we had our entrees and had pleasant conversation.  At around 8:00pm, a waiter just brings over a tiny metal bucket with a piece of paper in it.  We were distracted by conversation and didn't pay attention to it.  A few minutes later, someone noticed the bucket and was curious to see what it was.  It was the bill for the dinner - totally unexpected given they just cleared the entree dishes.  Take note, we just finished our entrees.  We were not offered dessert or coffee.  They wanted us out for the next party that booked the entire restaurant for the rest of the night. Rightfully so, the boss gets pissed and talks to the manager.  Come to find out, they booked the next party for 9:00pm and needed to clear the entire dining floor.  We confirmed the reservations twice with the expected count.  It is absolutely unforgivable that a restaurant would rush out a party of 18 without offering dessert or coffee.  If the schedule is tight, then do not take our reservations.  They knew it was an office holiday party.  And what office party is done within 3 hours between seating to paying the bill?  While all this chaos is going on, it was revealed they refused to serve someone in our party another glass of wine earlier in the evening (that would mean we would stick around for longer).  The boss demands either comp the entire dinner and we will leave immediately, or serve us dessert and coffee, and give the person her wine that she asked for.  They countered saying they don't have any desserts to offer us.  They would discount the dinner 30% and comp the gratuities.  My boss says the waitstaff was fine so we will not screw them on the tips - they worked for it.  He will take the 30% discount.  But they must serve us dessert and coffee. 15 minutes later, they served us these sorry pieces of cheesecake that were all oddly shaped - some were large pieces and others small, some were wedges and some squares.  WTF!!!  After another 15 minutes and everyone getting increasingly angry, and with mounting tension because the dining room is now cleared and guests from the other party are walking in, we just said let's get the fuck out of here. Never again.  It is truly sad they were so unprofessional.  Their pizza is good, but not good enough to be so utterly insulted and mistreated.
