One of the WORST and most INFURIATING dining experiences I have had in NYC. We sat down and did not see our waitress for a good 15 minutes. She arrived fashionably late to ask us what we wanted in a abrupt and curt way. She quickly leaves and we do not see her again until the end of our visit when we got the bill. We did not even receive WATER or SILVERWARE. I PHYSICALLY had to get up and go into the restaurant to get my own water and asked another server for silverware. I also went inside to ask someone if we could move tables since we were seated at a two person outdoor patio seat that was obviously crammed in at the last minute. Our table was touching the one next to us and on uneven concrete so I had to balance on a wobbling chair. I tried to move my seat over but was promptly told that I could not do that since was not their property (an inch or two over) and I could be ticketed. The first person I asked to switch tables half ignored and replied I would have to check with the hostess who ran me around again and said she will check. We didn't hear back from her until the end of our meal. We asked to speak to the manager. Told her about not getting water, silverware, horrible service and being ignored by her wait staff. We told her we've been here before and that we didn't have an issue with service our prior 2 visits. She replied that "SERVICE is DIFFERENT EVERY TIME" and that they were busy. My sister jumps in to try to make our point that regardless of how busy you are, you have time to get your patrons WATER. The manager then says, "Could you take those off? (Referring to her sunglasses.) I feel like I am talking to myself." She quickly dismissed our complaints in the most condescending way possible. At the end, she basically said, ok and so what. We tried to speak to her but it got to the point, it was clear we were placing a complaint to someone who did not care about customer satisfaction. She did not even try to hide her annoyance with us before storming off. Needless to say, no apology. No real explanation other than we are busy.... Too busy to give patrons WATER? Maybe you should hire more waitresses or limit your seating. Too busy to offer an apology or have a mature manager who doesn't storm off like a child? Not only did this wait staff not deserve the generous 15% tip we left. In fact they should have paid us to put up with their horrible attitudes and running to get my own water.
