I've been to butcher bar twice so far and have had 2 really great experiences. First the cons: Not very much seating in their current facility, however in September (hopefull), they will be opening a brand new 2 story place across the street for the restaurant and the current building will remain as the butcher shop.  For the summer time, they do have a back outside area that they will open up so that should hopefully take care of the problem in the interim.  In the meantime, don't expect to be a walk in at 7pm on a Saturday night and expect to get seated right away.  Make a reservation, or go during a slow time.  My last experience we came in on a Sunday evening and had about a 20 minute wait (which we kind of expected) so we got a drink from down the street until they called us to let us know our table was ready. Now the pros: Both times I met Matt, who I guess is the owner but also helped us get seated each time.  This guy definitely has a passion for his food and is great person to talk to if you need advice about your own BBQ.  I also notice he tries to get at least a little bit of face time with all of his customers. Everything I've tried so far has been delicious.  I've tried their pulled pork, pork bellies, burnt ends sandwich, pork ribs, mac and cheese, potato salad, cole slaw, and apple pie.  All of it was amazing.  I'm having a hard time picking out my favorite meat dish but my favorite side is their pototao salad which is just out of this world.  The apple pie could have been a little bit tastier and I may not have gotten it if it weren't complimentary. One thing that separates this place from places like Dinosaur, Dallas, and other big BBQ restaurants is their service.  I work for a company that puts a lot of value on customer service which has made me appreciate good customer service even more.  The waitresses both times have been super friendly and helpful and always seem to have a smile on their faces.  Both times I've gone their I've also gotten complimentary food.  The first time, my roommate and I just chatted with Matt for a little bit about BBQ and the restaurants future expansion next door and he gave us complimentary spicy and sweet sausage links to take home (which were also amazing) and free apple pie.  The last time, he gave us 2 lbs of sausage, some extra slaw and pickles with our meal, and some free pie again. I can wait to go back again and try more stuff on the menu. (note:  I know I gave this place a sparkling review but I just want to make it clear that I don't work for them nor am I getting anything out of writing this review.  I actually did really enjoy this place.)
