I planned a surprise birthday dinner for my boyfriend for September 29th. The food was great, but everything else leading the us sitting down was horrible!  When I called to confirm the reservation the morning of per the special party reservationists (Jessica's') suggestion, the host had no clue there was a party of 20 coming in.   When we did arrive, the host were very cold and made us wait to get seated because my boyfriend and I arrived late. But the majority of the party was at the bar waiting. I did bring the reservation down to 15 when I arrived because I had a lot of people cancelled last minute or got sick. At that point I couldn't call to change because I was with my boyfriend and the dinner was a surprise. When the host told me we had to wait, she stated that we were late and there was party of 9 that was on time, so they had to seat them first which is fine, but then couldn't seat us immediately because they didn't want to overload the kitchen. I have worked in popular NYC /LA restaurants for over 5 years and would never talk to a party in that manner, especially when the restaurant was empty. As the host took us to our table, she tried to seat us at two separate tables. When I asked to have everyone seated at one big table, a man came over and basically repeated what the host said: "because you were late...." At that point I got annoyed because we were not late and my boyfriend is standing there hungry and confused as to why in an empty restaurant, we can't sit at one table together. I do understand that they were maybe  trying to get a server a table, but the server making money should not take first preference over the customers requests. Once we sat down, everything was good (servers and food). But as we left, my boyfriend tells me that he didn't like the people working at the restaurant! I felt his birthday dinner was ruined for him.  The customer should never see any issuses/problems the restaurant may have.... I am very disappointed and will never return. :(
