The 2nd best restaurant I've eaten at in Philadelphia-- Vetri being the first.  Considering the sheer perfection of much of the Kitchen's output, I don't think Osteria gets enough credit or attention--and they definitely get plenty.  A few of the dishes I've enjoyed there were absolutely transcendent, among the best things I've ever eaten in my entire life. I've eaten here 2 times in the last six months.  The food was always on point, and the service was always more than good enough, so instead of breaking down every meal point by point, I'll just go through the highlights.   Porcini Rotolo with white truffle sauce.  An extremely generous amount of fresh/dried porcini sauté spread on a pasta sheet, rolled up, cut into rounds, baked, dusted with Parmesan and gratineed, then served with an exquisite white truffle and Parmesan cream (the same sauce, as far as I could tell, that I had at Vetri with the sweet onion crepe).  The portion was small, but the amount of truffle and porcini was extremely generous, and together this king and queen of mushrooms melded into a compound flavor so intensely delicious that I can taste it vividly right now.  The execution was amazing-- the outside of the pasta roll was crisped to perfection, the inside sensually soft and absolutely perfectly cooked.   Corn ravioli with sea urchin sauce and chives.  A completely pure and perfect dish with all complication pared away.  The ravioli tasted purely of exceptional summer corn.  The sauce tasted purely of pristine uni.  The chives in the sauce somehow brought it all together, adding depth to the corn and lightness to the uni simultaneously.  A dish good enough to symbolize this year's perfect summer... I guess I got a little over exited writing about this dish.  To cut through the schmaltz of this description I guess I should add that the sauce could have been better with a few lobes of uni broken up in it (it was a smooth perfect emulsion).   Porchetta tonnato with arugula salad.  Peak pork experience.   Pork trotter Milanese with peach agro dolce and peach and fennel salad.  Some of the moistest, richest and most fully flavored dark meat pork I've ever had moulded into perfect little rectangles, breaded, and fried to perfection.  The agrodolce sauce cut the richness of the meat perfectly, and the peach and fennel salad tasted almost surreally vivid when paired with the pork.  Perfectly composed, salted, and presented.   fusilli, monkfish, red oil, and roasted pepper sauce.  This is what comfort food tastes like in heaven.   Pizza.  Best I've ever had, hands down.  Enough said.   The pizzas on the menu allow you to fill up on osteria's ambrosia for relatively cheap.  For two, 1 appetizer, 1 pizza, and 1 largish pasta are more than enough food.  The entres are expensive, but always worth it.   I could go on and on like this.  I think you get the idea...
