I find myself actively seeking out different places to enjoy food and drinks. I've been a customer of the Prime 16 in New Haven and I love their menu and tap selection so I had to try out the one in orange. It's a bit closer to me so even better right? I've come here a total of three times thus far. Each time has been a pleasure. The burgers wings appetizers and everything has been cooked to perfection and delicious. The service has been great and after tonight I feel like I am part of the family there. The first time I went was with a few buddies of mine. We sat at the bar and were greeted by Tom. Very cool dude. He offered us some beers and ciders to try before we indulged in a full glass and also let us know of the happy hour specials. We tried a few then settled on what we liked the most based off of great suggestions by Tom. We enjoyed our beers and were kind of hungry but not starving so Tom suggested the wings. We ordered two different flavors of wings and both were awesome. The second time I came in with a friend of mine and we sat in the dining area. In spite of it being in the dinner rush and there being a lot of tables and the bar was full we still got great personal service in a quick manner. The burger and sides that we ordered were delicious as I had expected from my last experience. This past time I came, which would make it the third time, and my friend and I sat at the bar. We were greeted by Tom who immediately recognized me and greeted me as a friend and welcomed me back. I have worked in the service industry before and I have to say having a worker at whatever place you're going to recognize you coming back is a huge thing. It makes you feel awesome. So we ordered a few beers this time around. No food this time (it was a little late for food) and had a great time. As we were talking we also ended up talking a lot to Tom as well. He told us some stuff about the business which was very cool and also some personal stuff about himself. We traded some stories as well. It was really cool to make a personal connection with someone from the staff and didn't make us feel like a typical customer experience which is the customer vs the staff or whatever. It made us feel like we were at a friends house just chatting. Which again is awesome. While we were talking Tom was making drinks for other customers and the tables and I noticed that he has a lot of pride in his work. From the way he pours his beers to the attention to details he gives mixed drinks and keeping up the tidiness and cleanliness of the bar. It made me feel good as a customer that I was being served by someone who clearly has high standards in his work ethic. Basically what I'm saying is that you can have a place that delivers a great product and thats cool and everything. The thing that really makes a difference to the customer is the human interaction. When you have someone who is genuinely interested in the conversation you are having and treats you like a friend thats when you can start a long lasting customer relationship. Tom is the perfect example of this. (The two ladies we met were very nice as well. I think one was the manager) Needless to say I will be a patron of this restaurant/ bar for a long time.
