we went this saturday for my birthday with a group of 10 people.  the place was packed as always and we had to stand in the packed narrow stairway with an 18 month old.  we were told it would be a 2 hour wait which we all agreed was ok knowing its always packed.  well about an hour and half after standing on the stairs with nothing else to do but watch the place get more and more packed and the staff completely neglect the fact that we have been waiting for so long, an arrogant guy comes down the stairs telling his friend "they said its a 2 hour wait for 12 people, but watch this" and proceeds to go up to the manager and give him a bottle of wine and ask to be seated quicker.  now im hawk eyeing this guy to see if he gets seated before us - i mean we're 10 people and he has 12 - they cant miraculously make room for him just cause he gave the manager a cheap bottle of wine right?  well they did, they started moving tables and chairs passed us from outside to make a table big enough for this guy who only waited 30 mins before they had the audacity to sit him before us!!  so i went up to the manager to say something and he completely acted like he had no idea what i was talking about and when i said the guy said "watch this im not waiting" right in front of me, the manager said, oh you should be mad at him then, thats rude but not my problem.  Oh but it is a problem when you actually sit him first!!!  all the manager kept saying was ma'am you agreed to wait 2 hours so thats what you have to do.  i looked at my watch and said its been 2 hours and 10 minutes now how bout you ask that guy to give up that table so we can sit and he just walked away.  we were all exhausted from standing for 2 hours and couldn't believe the complete lack of interest in our business and that he actually takes bribery and ass kissery over quality customer service.  we walked out and went to a great restaurant down the street and will never be back.  the portions are small, the food is just mediocre and its pretty pricey - not worth the hassle or aggravation. Oh and i forgot to mention that people were standing in the stairs for so long getting agitated that a fist fight broke out at the top of the stairs and management just walked by and shook their heads completely ignoring the danger (not to mention fire hazard) of all of us standing on the stairs like that.   NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN!
