The place is gorgeous I had to write a review after a fantastic wedding on May 24, 2009 We got married at the Manor was amazing and so many of my guests were saying this was the best wedding they ever went to. I'll admit, the sales contact we worked with didn't leave a great impression on us and even scared us a little on our decision, but once we were booked these people went above and beyond. I worked with James, who is so patient and wonderful, and the day of Marawan was our M'D (they call him there number one and he is really number 1 at everything's) and I couldn't have imagined it without him, brought a ton of drinks without anyone even getting up so the bar was not remotely crowded at all. The food was so incredible that when the chef came out we couldn't stop thanking him for such a wonderful execution. Oh and the bridal attendant and also rocked! We worked with James and anytime we called he called right back that day or the day after. So easy to communicate with and answer any questions which was great! The tasting was out of this world, the Manor was perfect. They set up everything exactly as I described and everything looked wonderful. They handed out champagne and mojitos as the guests arrived. People arrived early and they got drinks right away. (I was worried about early people since I HATE waiting in the lobby/parking lot at weddings I have been to) People couldn't believe all the food, how good it all was and how much room we had for the cocktail hour. Our cocktail hour stations were seafood, mashed potato bar, crepes, pasta, and vegetables/cheeses along with more than 11 different hot and cold passed. Our cake was absolutely beautiful and delicious! I ordered a specific cake I just give them the picture for it and stand and the made exactly as I request And at the end of the night everything was cleaned up from the bridal party suite and packed and ready to go and they didn't forget a single thing!! The service was so amazing and that really made our night! I would highly recommend a wedding at the Manor; it was more everything we hoped for!
