This is my first ever review to Yelp, but after my recent experience I felt compelled to write a review. In general, I've found the food here good with fresh ingredients and a nice selection of soups and sandwiches with a tasty, creatively approach. However...my recent trip here I ordered  a mixed greens salad with chicken added. It's simply listed as "mixed greens w/honey walnut vinaigrette". I have an allergy to nuts, so ordered this on the side. This allergy is quite common, to the point of many store-bought baked goods listing in their ingredients, "may contain traces of nuts". It's a highly toxic oil that in the worst cases including with some of my close friends, can literally kill you. In Europe ALL of everything in their ingredients listing addresses the allergy risk with either "was made/processed with machines/in a factory where nuts are processed" or something similar. All the candy bars, etc. But then again, Europe has bans on GMO foods which is in almost half of all American food, but that's another discussion. I got the salad to go, came home, and lo and behold, the salad is piled high with walnuts. I'm looking at their menu pdf now; there is no listing for this ingredient whatsoever, other than the dressing, which I obviously knew about and asked for on the side so I could exclude it. I called back to explain that what had happened and to inform them that they have a responsibility to properly list food ingredients and received sort of an apology but more like a defensive stance and was told that the walnuts were listed, but they are not, c'mon. So $12 for a salad I can't eat and that I do not have to time to go back and return and then eat something else. I would have better enjoyed putting $12 in a can and setting it on fire. In addition, their 5-8pm take away only policy is a head-scratcher.  Twice now I've had to walk away at dinner time with a group of people, because I hadn't remembered this. I guess they don't need the business? Is there a large enough dinner take-away market to justify even staying open? I guess to sell what's left from the day? That doesn't sound appetizing. And if you're open for that, why not just be totally open, and do more robust business? Just my experiences... Probably a great place for a business lunch when you just need to eat something decent, and service isn't much of an issue, and it doesn't matter to you that ingredients that aren't listed in the food menu surprise you, and you aren't a local looking for more than 3 places to eat dinner out in the town of Hopewell.
