This place is AWFUL. The chef is a complete and utter ASS! I went there with some friends and I ordered the Margarita pizza, it was terrible. The pesto sauce was oily and gross and the menu described the pizza as thin crust, which it was far from. I have been to the place a few times prior and while the service was never that great, the food was ok. Anyways I decided I would try something new, big mistake!! Like i said the pizza was awful, I nicely explained to my server, "hey i really am not enjoying this can i please just order something else". She went to check and told me I could not since it is exactly how its described in the menu. I am not sure what that has to do with anything, it was just not to my liking and I would have been happy to order something different. My server then called the manager over who seemed like she couldn't be bothered and did not even care that I did not like the pizza, she said she would go talk to the chef. Now I am really not sure what either of these people went back and told their cook, but he came out stark raving mad and proceeded to aggressively point at me and say "ARE YOU A CHEF" He then began yelling and telling me that I had no idea what I was talking about and to "get up and go". What I am confused about is what ever happened to customer service?! I never once insulted this man's food. ALL i said to both the server and manager was that I did not like the pizza and could i please order something else. That is all I wanted! I did not want to make a scene or anything. Everyone kept on telling me that the pizza was EXACTLY as it was described on the menu, THEN and ONLY then did I dispute that fact. Unless the description said it was a greasy, non-flat bread, imitation margarita pizza it was far from accurate. I did not at all deserve the treatment I received that day and I did not want to start an argument with that egotistic manic of a chef. If he thinks that all of his food is going to be to everyone's liking then he is nuts. DONT EVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.
