Okay granted the thai iced tea was good (although definitely not the best i had ever had ), and the tom yum soup was delicious, very intensely flavored. But maybe because of this, as we sat expecting delectable entrees to follow the stellar appetizer and fun and tasty drinks, we were deeply disappointed. The childish glee and giddiness that my girlfriend and I felt vanished immediately after the runner put the pad thai in front of her and the crispy chicken with five seeds in front of me. I work in the kitchen of a french restaurant. the golden rule in almost all kitchens is to co-ordinate and communicate between the floor staff and the kitchen is to send out the courses together, in a timely fashion and to not stack up courses on-top of each other. Well, the runner came out with our meals and, although she noticed that we were still eating, decided to plop our entrees down on our table. this left my girlfriend no room to finish her soup. she had to hold it in her hands and hurriedly slurp the rest of the excellent soup so that she could move onto the next part of the meal. I wish I could say that the problems ended there. I think that the soup especially had left us in a forgiving enough mood that had the service been the only trouble, we would still be waxing poetic about this restaurant but the entrees were awful. My own chicken dish had tough, dry overcooked, soggy (not remotely crispy) chicken that wasn't very memorable. I would say it was bland even of the level of slightly above average Chinese food takeout sauce. The only positive aspect to this dish was the texture made by the kale and the seeds. But even after all of this got the better end of the deal as my girlfriend who had been looking forward to some pad thai received UNDERCOOKED old noodles that had dried out and had little flavor. the flavor which it did have was unappetizing. My best hypothesis for this s@%t storm of failure would be a mixture of poor cooking and a decision to serve "dead " food. All of this coupled with the service hovering over our table, left us with a definite intention of never returning to this restaurant despite its amazing soup. Reading all of the yelp reviews, we can only hope that we caught them on a bad day but we were extremely unsatisfied with our encounter with "Pinto" P.S. I have to include though that in the restaurant's favor, because of the undercooked noodles in my girlfriends pad thai the bartender gave us a complimentary thai iced tea
