From the moment we arrived on a busy Saturday night, we could tell this wasn't the same airport restaurant that occupied this building for the last few decades! The dark intimate bar room along with the energy from the live band that had just started screamed fun for everyone! We were seated after a normal Saturday night wait, (25 minutes) and a great cosmopolitan from the bar and we were greeted promptly by several staff members including the person who would be our server for the night. We reviewed the many choices on the menu and noticed just how busy this place was around 9:30PM so we ordered our appetizers and entrees along with another round of drinks, then decided to walk around and check the place out! A beautiful upstairs dining room with views of the runways and parked airplanes, (great private party spece), seperated from the rest of the restaurant, two great dining rooms downstairs along with a bar room and what looked to be an outdoor patio bar that was packed!  I guess they renovated! By the time we returned to our table, our server had delivered our martinis, The Girl Scout Cookie and some sort of fresh berry martini that was the equivilent of all that is good in the world!  Our appetizers came out piping hot and the presentation was solid.  Arguably the best calamari I have ever had with cherry peppers and a light balsamic reduction!  My goodness! We ended up grabbing our server's ear for the next several minutes, asking a million questions and Mike was not only entertaining and professional but had tremendous knowledge of the menu, the restaurant renovations and the comprehensive calendar of events that this place had going on!  Bands during the weekend, karaoke, happy hour specials, etc.  Our entrees showed up as he was talking to us. Two of us had burgers that were the biggest I've seen in a while.  I couldn't even finish half of it!  My girlfriend had one of the many specials on the blackboard, a stuffed halibut I believe it was. We were so stuffed that we passed on the many dessert options that Mike offered but we sat back and enjoyed the band for about an hour after dinner with drinks and great conversation! I live relatively far from the Lincoln Park Airport but I have been in the restaurant business as a Pastry Chef for many years and this place is just fun!  Great food, fantastic service and the surroundings just make you feel like hanging out with friends and family!  I can't wait until the summertime when we can sit outside! There is no place like it around!  Go check it out!
