I went last night with a few friends for the first time, never stepping foot in this establishment again.  First impression was a good one - laid-back, the pictures on the wall and the color scheme reminded of this great place in Los Angeles and I got a bit nostalgic.  Sadly, it all went downhill from there. There were four of us; all mid-twenties, very approachable people, very laid-back, just looking to try out a new place, all smiles and enjoying our company - we're nice people, dang it!  We sat at a booth and were waiting a while to get any service whatsoever.  It was slightly crowded so only a teeny bit annoying.  The waiter breezed by and right off the bat treated us as if he would rather be in the line at a dentist's chair than have any sort of interaction/conversation.  Two of us wanted food, two didn't, but right after he asked if we were 'gonna get anything to eat' and got one 'not me' (y'know, 'me' as in 'not Me, but I think my Friends are hungry') from my side of the table he walked away without so much as staying to take drink orders.  The two of us that actually wanted to get something waited, and waited, and almost had to yell at the fella to get him back to the table with some menus.   There were a couple of empty seats at the bar so I just went up to bypass the waiter and at least get our drink orders in.  I consider myself a resonable person, and a patient person, and at this point still wasn't feeling too annoyed because - hey - we all have off-nights and maybe the server was just having a bad day.  While waiting up at the bar and being completely ignored for a good five minutes, the waiter breezed by our table and threw a menu down - again, without staying any amount of time and/or taking any drink orders.  Now, when I say 'ignored by the bartender' I don't mean that he couldn't see me, I mean that he kept looking right at me and kept from ever actually coming over.  I'd showered, I was smiling, I don't have two heads - what's the deal? FINALLY (I mean, I had time to have a conversation with a person sitting at the bar with her own beer that was long enough to swap hats and discuss careers while I was waiting) the bartender came over.  I attempted to place a drink order and was completely shut-down by this guy.  He wouldn't even let me get the order out, all he was willing to do was ask me if I was at a booth and inform me that he 'uh, didn't agree with taking money away from the waitstaff' before walking away.  I was over there just trying to help that waiter out - What the heck?  BTW, Mr. Bartender, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for the complete and utter cockblock.  I was all set-to-go with ordering my new-found, hat-swapping friend and me two shots and BAM - t'was no longer meant to be.  She was pretty cute, we already had agreed on which shot it would be, her friends had been watching us converse (texts had arrived, been answered, no one was coming to intervene), GREENLIGHT buddy - GREEN LIGHT!!!   I headed back to my seat (alone but not defeated) to try and smooth out this increasingly unpleasant situation (not to mention, I hadn't planned on ignoring my friends - placing a drink order at a bar should really only take a minute or two).  Another few minutes went by before the waiter showed back up and, when he finally did, he ignored my friends who were (apparently) still trying to place a food order to ask me if I wanted anything to drink.  Note: if I have to spend more than twenty minutes at an uncrowded bar to place my initial order - you're not getting it from me and I'm heading somewhere else.  It's that simple.  I looked that gentlemen waiter right in the eye and with complete honesty and in a calm tone of voice informed him that 'what I wanted' was "Based upon the horrible level of service and completely uncalled for rudeness of the waitstaff that I would like nothing more than to never spend a single dollar in their establishment." Left.  Not going back.  If you go here - I hope you have a better experience than we did last night.
