I am glad I didn't see the negative reviews here before I went.  My wife, being from Japan, is very picky about what she'll call good food and suggested Ricky's for dinner last night, and her restaurant recommendations are rarely wrong. The food was great.  I've traveled many times over many years to Thailand and other countries in Southeast Asia, and have a taste for the regional cuisine - especially the aromas and unusual flavors - though not necessarily for the unquenchable fire.   That said, Ricky's kept the things I love about Thai food, the spices, a gifted use of ingredients like coconut milk and lemon grass, but were blissfully light on the painful fire you often get with Thai food.  (You can choose a high level of fire if you like - you're in control). We had the Panang Curry with chicken, the Pad Thai with Shrimp, a Warm Salad dish that had minced pork in a delicious lemon-grass marinade, a duck appetizer and egg rolls. The only thing that was just OK were the egg-rolls, which were OK but did not rise up to the level of the 4 other dishes. But those 4 other dishes were truly exceptional. The decor and food presentation was lovely, and the service was charming.   I guess others on this board had experienced otherwise, but in addition to the regular wait-staff, I thought the owner, Ricky, himself was also very charming.  Service was friendly, helpful, and efficient without feeling rushed. Given a small group of 3, we had a nicely varied array of dishes, left the table fully satisfied, and spent exactly $21 a person, at DINNER time.   That's a rare achievement in this area, especially for this kind of food experience and pleasant decor. You could spend more if you want at Ricky's, but the curries, warm salads and noodle dishes are all very reasonable, and so if you base your meal around these, it will be very light on your wallet.  They have other higher end dishes too - a great selection for any Thai food lover. As a Montgomery resident I'll be bringing family and friends often.
