Literally the best Mexican food I've ever had and trust me I've been to the expensive upscale Mexican restaurants in the city. If you expect a large bowl of guacamole and chips then this restaurant isn't for you, so take your hungry, selfish, gluttony filled attitude to an over priced Mexican restaurant or your nearest texmex/chipotle. The guacamole is amazing and $6 dollars for a medium sized portion of chips and guacamole is good enough for 2. Considering that the meal portions are huge. The salad portion fed 2 for only $5!!! I came in looking for a burrito bowl but was disappointed that they didn't have that on the menu. The waiter suggested one of the $12.00 entrees that were similar to a burrito bowl and let me personalize my order my adding lettuce, cheese, and a couple of ingredients to make a burrito bowl. THEY HAD GREEN SAUCE!!!!!!!!! best sauce ever created on this planet. Amazing cheap pitcher of sangria that got my friend and I tipsy for just $17 (less than what you would be paying for in drinks in the city.) I was happy with my service, the courses took about an average amount of time to make. (i wouldn't want something that was made in 5 minutes because who knows if it was sitting around) I did have to ask for a water refill but since it's a small place, i dont expect for the waiter to come around every time to refill my water. Bigger places have bigger expectations for me. Plus he was literally right around me so i didnt have to hunt him down for some water. It's easy to give him a quick holler. Maybe I'm just too nice but at the end of the day these are people working trying to make a living just like everyone else, no need to be rude. As for the setting of the place itself, its cute and intimate for its location. Decent down-tempo house music with a twist of latin vibes, dim lighting, warm and homey feel to it. The food taste like the chef was passionate about what he was doing and yes my friend and I will go back there again. We traveled from the bronx to this place and it was completely worth it.
