I really would love to love this place, but as of late, when I have gone there, it's gone from nice, to ok, to mehhhhhh.... which is a huge bummer. It's in my neighborhood so I've been giving it a shot for months now. I like the coffee and have had a couple of nice pastries there so no complaints on that end. On the other end, as far as the staff goes, they need to get their s*%$ together. My boyfriend is vegan and we wanted to confirm the tempeh 'TLT' was vegan so we asked the girl at the counter and she said she wasn't sure. What?!?! How do you not know that right off the bat? Another time I was there my friend who was visiting from Portland, OR ordered the BLT which came with some side carrots. (which I've had and disliked). She was very curious about the seasoning on them and asked the guys at the counter who didn't know, so he went to the kitchen to find out... and they didn't know either. Someone in the restaurant really needs to know the ingredients, that is completely unacceptable. What happens when there's an allergy concern?? C'mon guys. As far as their weekend brunch table service, it's very unclear what's happening there. There's no direction, people are often walking in and hovering around dirty tables until they are cleaned. Perhaps having a host would be helpful, or just not offering table service, just keep it to counter service and seat yourself. The flow is interrupted and needs to be dialed in. We ate brunch there recently with a 2 yr old and ordered the chocolate pancakes. They were horrible. No taste, and nothing chocolate about them besides the fact that they were brown. And the pecan/chile/maple syrup was terrible. They should mention that it's not exactly a kid friendly dish. So we asked for a little cheese that we would be happy to pay for, and they said they didn't have any. They have a grill cheese on the menu and my breakfast sandwich had cheese. And you have no cheese? Interesting... Again, I really want to love this place due to the location and the vegan and veg options, but it's just not working out. P.S. the tofu scramble could really use some improvement. Like how about some veggies guys?
