It's been a while since a sandwich has blown me away. I've now tried several from this unique little gem in the 9th Square, and each one is as awesome as the last. Everything's delicious - there was the decadent meatloaf sandwich special (called "Robert Paulson," a handy Fight Club reference) that I hope becomes a regular, the Rick Reuben (fantastic), and the PLT (a take on the BLT using a hefty porchetta that was amazing). I don't recall all the ingredients, but they're creative and you can tell a lot of detail went into the crafting of each. The Steak and Cheese is quite meaty and uses thick slices of good steak, though at times it can be a little wonky to eat - often you bite in and drag out a big piece of steak. So I guess thin slices do have their purpose. The Haute Tuna Melt is a refreshing take on a tuna melt with italian-style tuna salad (no mayo here!) with some heat from cherry peppers. As an italian who eats tuna like this at home, I'm thrilled to see this on a menu! And I can't forget my favorite (and "secret") menu item: the Bubble and Squeak! Yes, you've probably had plenty of egg+cheese+cured bacon sandwiches, but none will ever be as tasty as this. They add gravy and tater tots to the Bubble and Squeak, and serve it on a home-made square English muffin (which at times can be very starchy but still tasty). Filling, satisfying, and more delicious than it even sounds. Not on the menu (it's a combination of two different sandwiches), so you just have to ask for it. I crave it weekly. Thing is, you can only get it at night (between 8p and 3 a.m Friday and Saturday). That brings me to the next reason this place rules: it's one of the few establishments that's open late on weekends (til 3 a.m.: a blessing for nocturnal beings like me), so you don't have to just settle for a slice of pizza somewhere or Mamoun's (tried and true, but options are always good). Yes, the prices are upwards of about $10 each, and for some the sandwiches might not be big enough (they're plenty for me). But these days I care a lot about paying for quality, and quality is what you get. And on Mondays, $10 will get you a sandwich+chips+soup/salad+drink, so definitely go for that! The space itself is small and stylish -- more long than it is wide, with counter space to sit and eat, but late-night it's only service through the sidewalk window, which is a nice touch. Staff is cool and good natured (especially humorous at night) and enjoy what they're doing. My ONLY complaint has nothing to do with the food, and that is that it gets a little smokey from the sandwich grills. We're not talkin' clouds of smoke here though (just a "smokiness"), and ultimately it doesn't bother me that much since I usually get stuff to go anyway. I hope Meat & Co. never goes away. Favorite sandwich spot in the city.
