This is my first review on Yelp, though, if I may make an informal introduction for myself, this is not the first establishment I have had the pleasure of eating food at. Let me say I love seafood.  I have had poor experiences with seafood in Manhattan in the past, and in general, abroad the USA, but I have become adventurous once again concerning the food of the sea.  My curiosity was piqued when I happened across this facade the other evening, Fish, and immediately saw the buzz of happy people both outside the premises and from within the restaurant.  My attention was caught by a sign stating the greatest deal I've heard of in a while in Manhattan as far as food goes: Your choice of 6 oysters, or clams, plus a beer or a wine.  Now, for those of you who do not find great satisfaction in deals, this may seem ordinary, or perhaps not even worthy of a deal at all.  But I love oysters, I have a weakness for them.  And I also happen to love beer, which I have recently started to drink again.  This marriage of two of my loves became irresistible, so I braved through the crowd waiting to get in and managed to find a seat at the bar.  The atmosphere is splendid inside: joyous families and friends, all laughing or silently enjoying what I can only imagine is fantastic seafood.  But I did not try the fish, I did not come for chowder, I was seated at the bar for one purpose: oysters.  Bring them on!  I ordered the Red, White and Blue special, and when I realized it was served with Pabst Blue Ribbon, shock was relieved by exquisite fondness because this was not beer out of a can, but from the tap.  And let me tell you, fellow beer enthusiasts, there is something magical about PBR on tap, not from cans.  Coupled with 6 plump Blue Point oysters, my night was sent soaring into a blissful state which I had not achieved for quite some time.  Delicious only begins to describe my experience.  I could not resist finding more ways to empty my wallet and decided to order an Oyster Roll.  I was glad I did, because it was a mound of fried oysters on top of a soft roll, with a plate full of french fried potatoes, salad, and more awesome.  20 bucks.  Could there be better deals out there, maybe, but I haven't found them yet.  If you love seafood, and are in the neighborhood, stop by my newest favorite restaurant, Fish, I am sure you won't be disappointed!
