Our friends wanted to meet for Mediterranean food. I heard that the food at Stamna - Greek Taverna is good and is family operated. I made a reservation to meet 10 of our friends at Stamna. The place looks exactly like a local village Taverna in Greece with a very nice outdoor seating. As we walked in, a large display of assorted fresh fish on ice welcomed us In the front of the restaurant. The owner greeted us that came first with a warm smile and showed us to the back of the restaurant to a room that can easily accommodates a 12 people party that is a large and noisy group. Besides the menu, they had a few daily home cooked specials that you can order as well. We took two orders of the Artichoke in lemon sauce special, 2 orders of the assorted hot vegetable platter, Tyropitakia, Piperies with feta cheese, 2 orders of the assorted cold dips, and 2 orders of the kypreiki - Cypriot salads for the table. Everything tasted authentic and delicious. By now we were on our third bottle of wine, (BYOB policy) we were telling jokes laughing really enjoying ourselves and feeling right at home. The Main dishes are served with a choice of fries, oven roasted lemon potatoes, rice, or fresh steamed greens. Our table took quite of a varieties of entrées; Spanakopita, Moussaka, Gyro platter, Greek style shrimp, Barbounia, Brunssino fillet with Fresh Spinach sautéed in White wine, Lamb braised in savory tomato sauce with orzo, Pastichio, Lamb Chops, Seafood kabob, Red Snapper in Tomato Red Wine Sauce and Stuffed Tomatoes & Peppers with Rice & Ground Beef. We were stuffed but we had to have something sweet. We decided to order two of each of their authentic Greek Deserts: Baklava, Galaktoboureko and Kataifi and share. Along with a few orders of herbal teas, Greek coffees and three of my friends ordered their iced coffee and said that was the best-iced coffee they drank so far this summer! I will definitely come back again and The Next time I am coming here, Iced Coffee will be the first thing I am ordering. Our food was fresh, tasty, and attractively prepared. Since I ate the fish, I can say that the fish selection and preparation was amazing. Everyone had a great time and said that everything was excellent and delicious and the best is that no one had any complaints. Excellent AUTHENTIC Greek cooking, the staff was friendly and very helpful, very reasonable prices!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! If you like, Mediterranean food you should get a good meal here.
