My family and I arrived in Olde City around 6:30 Saturday night. Not too busy of a location -- once you're used to the feel of Philly it's easy to maneuver around the cobblestone streets, etc. So after paroozing the neighborhood adjacent to South 2nd Street, we decided to dine Italian and came across Spasso. We walked in and assumed there was some type of a wait as people were conversing at the front entrance of the restaurant. Nevertheless, we walked inside and saw a full house, but I wouldn't call it "bustling". A maître d' kindly asked us if we had a reservation. We said no, and she scanned the main dining room for an empty table. Miraculously, right in front was a table for four that had just been emptied. Two waiters cleaned it and we sat down and were given a menu. Listed on the front was a carte de jour with each day of the week's special, and the back was plethoric with wines & spirits. I went through the front entrées to pick out a pasta dish. Avoiding the omnipresent "pizzeria" status quo found in the city of Brotherly Love, Spasso offers traditional Italian dishes ranging from veal parmigiana to simple gnocchi. I selected an appetizing fussili lunghi (a corkscrew type noodle, similar to the strozzapretti) with a pomodoro sauce (consists of fresh tomatoes, olive oil and basil). The main waiter readily arrived at our table in what seemed no time at all. He was friendly, and we even engaged in basic small-talk in Italian after I informed him of the class that I am taking. We ordered dinner right away, and decided to start off with a Cesar salad. The salad was topped with a light,  fresh dressing and thin-cut parmesan. The waiter ground a hearty amount of pepper atop the lettuce at the table, providing an extra zing of flavor. Overall, a choice, ambrosial appetizer. Chatting with the family over complimentary crusty bread, and a fresh antipasti side-topping made time go by seamlessly. Atmosphere inside was not loud, but easygoing considering a Saturday night downtown by the water. Our meals arrived in no time and instantly I noticed the delicate preparation and non-paltry portion size. Elated, I quickly began eating and instantaneously noticed the fantastic dish. The rest of my family ordered gnocchi Gorgonzola and linguine putanesca, and each noted the fantastic quality. After eating, our plates were cleared with care, and we were given a compact dessert menu, complete with authentic sweets reminiscent of true Italian post-meal confections. We all decided to split the profiterole with each other (a dessert consisting of a freshly made pastry-puff sandwich filled with vanilla ice cream topped with rich chocolate sauce with a dash of powdered sugar). That sealed the deal of our opinion on the grill as it delectably satisfied the four of us. Finishing off the night with a cappuccino, it arrived swiftly and very Italian-style with a teaspoon and a creamy milk foam. After dining, I pondered the further rooms of the restaurant, discovering two dining room/lounge areas. A bar also accompanied. Overall, a very high recomendation for a night in town.
