I really wanted to like this place.  I had tried to get in on previous occasions and it was always either closed for an event or booked.  We arrived and were seated in the rear area which was fine, i liked that it was quieter than the main dining room.  i also liked that there was no music playing or other distractions that make conversation difficult.  We were greeted warmly both at the front door and by the waitress.  So far all good. However, the waitstaff is impossibly MIA.  No visits from our waiter for one half an hour after bringing the first round of drinks.  My wine glass sat empty.  Giving up on the possibility of having another glass of wine, we finally flagged down one of the other waitstaffers and asked for soft drinks. We were completely perplexed by this as the table to our right ordered at the same time, had multiple visits by their server and was finishing up their desert while we were still waiting for the salads to arrive.  Finally, my companion had her salad delivered and i sat for 27 additional min with no waitress in sight to see if I might want mine at the same time  When our entrees finally came, 47 min from the time we ordered, mine was raw.  Not too rare, it was actually not cooked.  I asked them to take it back because it was inedible and smelled a bit on the not yet bad but it wont be long side.  It came back 20 min later and it was still raw.  I could not imagine how it could've  been cooking for an additional 20 min and still be as raw as it was when i sent it back the first time.  I sent it back again a third time and it was still not cooked.  At this point i was just exasperated. My dinner companion was already done and ready to go and my entree was apparently too difficult to cook so I told them to just bring the check.  They wrapped it up for me but in the car on the way home all we could smell was no so fresh raw meat and it was stomach turning so i pitched it out.Yes, they took it off the check but this was a place that i had been looking forward to based upon the reviews and the setting and came away completely disappointed.
