I came to Saxon and Parole not long after they opened, and I've been back several times since. it's rare to find a new hotspot like this one that actually takes such great care of its customers. They had notes on my previous visits, and sent me a complimentary mushroom pot once because they remembered that I loved it the previous time! and the owner himself delivered it to me, nicest guy ever. that scores BIG points in my books. Okay, now onto brunch. They started doing brunch a couple of weeks ago, and it's UM-AZING!!! First of all, the bloody mary bar: when you order a DIY bloody mary, they give you a glass filled with vodka and the most amazing bloody mary mix I've ever had. I asked them why I tasted so good and so fresh, and they said they squeeze the tomatoes (and other 'secret ingredients'!) in the morning. The juice tastes amazing, and knowing I was drinking fresh juice felt like my bloody mary was actually healthy? um, um... I then went to their beautiful display of items to add to the already delicious bloody mary. The biggest task there is not to go overboard and ruin your drink by adding too many of these tempting, delicious ingredients. I knew I could easily get carried away, so I packed my drink with the fresh pickles they had there (no risk of ruining my drink with pickles!) - all these amazing Rick's Pickles they have are ridonculously good. I did, as expected, go overboard, and my drink looked like a vegetable garden! Was delicious though. I had 2 of these, then switched to one of their 'seasonal bellinis', which was equally delicious and fresh. okay, now onto the food. love love love. LOVE. my boyfriend and I shared a bunch of dishes. Not something I normally do at brunch, but the menu looked so good, I just couldn't choose. we had the BIG BLAT - Bacon, lettuce, avocado, tomato. This sandwich was HUMONGOUS, and absolutely delicious. came on a really cute chopping board with a serious steak knife. That dish alone would have fed the 2 of us. We also had the pancakes, which were delicious, and the celery oatmeal. The oatmeal was not savory nor sweet, and packed unusual yet addictive flavors. Very intriguing dish. I'll be back for that one alone. We sat at the bar, and had very attentive service from one of their cute aussie bartenders. we sat for hours with the newspapers, they played some fine tunes, and we watched the Bowery madness from the comfort of the Saxon + Parole bar. You'll most likely find me there again this weekend, and the next one, and....
