This used to be our favorite place for a very long time. Until tonight. Husband and I decided to have our Friday night dinner here and we were starving. We were seated after 10 minutes of waiting and ordered our food. It all started really nice. Unfortunately we didn't get a chance to enjoy it. A pass-by waiter dropped a large bottle full of beer right on my husband, covered him head to toe and his backpack which had a macbook it in, was also soaking wet. We got upset and the dinner was ruined. My husband was soaking wet and reeked of beer. There was broken glass everywhere, including the table and the floor. We hardly heard an apology and were causally given a few napkins. When we said that we wanted to leave, because 1 - the mood was ruined, 2 - his clothes were ruined, 3 - there was nowhere for us to sit safely and dry - the place was a mess, the waitress suggested us to "take the food home". Obviously they were going to give us our food for free - there wasn't even a question about it - or so we thought. We were told to wait in the hallway and few minutes later that same waitress (dyed blonde hair, didn't get her name) brought us (!!!!) - not the food, but a CHECK! A full check for everything we ordered that evening. We were shocked and shaken. We couldn't believe that after what they did they actually wanted us to PAY for it. We asked to speak to the manager. A young blonde long-haired hipster, named Andrej came out to us and said that yes, in fact we should pay for our dinner. My husband was disturbed and depressed and wanted us to leave immediately. I asked for the general manager's name and phone number and was casually given the business card of their restaurant. No apologies again, no nothing. The guy who was a hostess actually was rude and passive aggressive when we were leaving. I hope, that the person, who owns the place, sees this review. From a place like this we never expected such an unprofessional and cold attitude. We will never come back and will tell our friends to stay away.
