I've been reading over these reviews and I felt I needed to clarify a few things especially regarding the price and the issue with it not being "real" sushi because I have been going to Miya's for a little over 7 years now with my father and we understand the restaurant a little better than the amateur food critic. Firstly, Miya's prides itself on being on of the few restaurants that puts the environment first. Everything that Bun puts on the menu is specifically picked because it either helps the community in some way (his salads for example all come from local gardens or his own in order to get fresh ingredients) or ensures that it will not negatively affect the ecosystem (the Kanibaba which has an invasive species of crab on it). The reason he doesn't have tuna, as one reviewer complained, is because the way that tuna is caught commercially is EXTREMELY horrible for the ocean itself. You are wondering why the prices are so high, it is because the world costs a little more when you want to help preserve it. As time goes on, Bun has tried to stray farther and farther from the types of products you would get in a mediocre sushi restaurant and more towards something you could look back on and appreciate not only for the taste but for what it is doing to help us. Quite frankly I do not mind paying a $40 tab if it means I can walk out with a clear mind.   Secondly in regards to it not being "sushi", Miya's strives to not be the stereotypical sushi. That type of sushi is actually not very good for most peoples health nor the health of the world around them as I had stated previously. At a "normal" sushi restaurant you will receive farmed salmon that has been frozen for days on end. At Miya's (when they did have salmon) you were receiving fish that had been caught that day and  was shipped from the Northwest which costed Bun quite a bit. They no longer have this type of fish because it was so costly. Their sushi is a cultivation of the environment that New Haven has to offer. Just like in any metropolis, a person or persons living there will experience food from India, Malaysia, Japan, Ethopia, and so on. There are so many different flavours to encounter and what Miya's has tried to do is bring these all together. That is why you have such unusual, but fantastic tasting dishes. This place is not meant to be the average sushi restaurant, this is supposed to be so much more and frankly I hope you will return with this mentality instead of just expecting to get a piece of week old fish on bleached rice.   As for the other complaints, regarding the service and the accusations against the owner, I have just one thing to say; these people will not disrespect you if you didn't give them a reason to.
