I waited to visit twice before reviewing, because unlike some people, I'd prefer to make sure that my experience is consistent before giving either a thumbs up or down. My first visit was last week, and I came with three friends to check out the "bar scene". First off; the bar tenders are extremely knowledgeable and friendly. If you love beer like I do and want to talk about the nuances of different varieties of beer, then pull up a chair because these guys know their stuff. We basically tried every beer they have via the samplers, which was a lot of fun....they have quite a few haha. Our bartenders name was Sam and he could talk beer all night. Very passionate about what he does. We also ate the chicken bites which were obviously not the frozen pre-packed junk you get at the corporate hell food everywhere else in Williston, and the grilled wings were the simply the best wings I have ever eaten. The Margarita pizza was really good and the tomatoes were extremely fresh and tasty, but I think it could have used a bit of salt and they forgot the basil. That would have dropped this review to 4 stars, but remember, this is based on two visits, not one. My second visit, I came with the wife and kids last Saturday at 6pm. The place was absolutely packed and I was disheartened to see a line out the door, but they seated us within 10 minutes and even brought out some of those chicken bites for people to munch on while they were waiting. Classy move!!! I've never seen another restaurant do this and it was much appreciated. Like I said, the place was packed and definitely got a bit noisy. Personally, I don't mind that and like the energy it gives, but if you are looking for a quiet-intimate setting for a hand-holding date then you might not like it for that. But for a fun time with lots of action and energy, this is a good thing. We had the house salad which was very fresh and well dressed; the balsamic dressing is da bomb! We also had two orders of thai wings (because I loved them so much last time) and they were even better than before ...I didn't think that was possible. Also had a buffalo chicken pizza which was fantastic, and the spinach artichoke dip. Everything was very fresh and had that "home made" quality to it. I was a little bit surprised that they didn't have a kids menu, until I realized that there was no need; pizza, chicken bites, steak and cheese or chicken parmessian sandwiches...meatballs...what could be more "kid friendly" than all of that? Smart menu design. Bottom line; I challenge you to find better food or a better beer selection in Williston. Can't be done. Chilis? Nope. Longhorn? Uh, nope. Three Tomatoes? Don't make me laugh.  I hope the Tap House is here for a long long time because Williston has needed a place like this and I couldn't be happier.
