This review is based on my idea and personal experience. I have been found a fancy and affordable Chinese restaurant, and this was the only restaurant which I was recommended by my academic advisor. He said that there is 50% discount for new student, but you should talk to waiter that you are a new college student and show your student ID card. Because I sent a lot of money for buy school stuff, I needed to save money. The name of restaurant is Sang Kee Noodle House, and it located at 3549 Chestnut St Philadelphia, PA 19104. Based on the name, I thought this restaurant is not Chinese restaurant. There is parking building next to the store, so do not worry about parking, but it was not a problem at all. The setting of store was lovely because the setting was fusion of classic and modern Chinese culture which I like, and it played classic Chinese music. Since it has large windows, you can see wonderful view.  The quality of food and presentation were outstanding. The ambience was unique. I went there with my friends at night to eat dinner, and we ordered varieties of food that were recommended. The menu has a lot going on, but I ordered the wonton egg noodle soup which was too flavorful. Personally, I worried about food. I did not like oily food, but most Chinese foods are oily. However, it was meaningless concern, the meal was not oily at all which it was fit into me. We decided to share the food. The pork dim sum was boring in taste. I was not entirely impressed with the dim sum sampler. I found the dumplings to be a little bland and sweaty. The udon noodle and tofu sitr fry were just incredible. One of my friends ate roasted duck with vegetables rice bowl; it was attractive, but not as fabulous as my meal. You may worry about flavors and quality. I believe that it is the best Asian restaurant which I know in Philadelphia. I will definitely go back without one. It was a enjoyable experience.    However, service was not fit into my mind. Service was fast, but waiter was little bit rude. Most waiters are Chinese. When I went there, waiter thought that I am Chinese, so she kept saying Chinese to me. I told I am not Chinese, but still she kept asking in Chinese. Also after ate meal, we wanted separated check, but she did not separate even though we told her. Hence we sent ten minutes to pay after dinner. However, not every person did not like service. According to Robert B.'s review in Yelp, " I ordered two dishes (mixed sauteed seafood w/ vegetables; and stuffed eggplant) and both came out of the kitchen fast, hot and tasted excellent.  The service was courteous and attentive from beginning to end, and the restaurant is big, quiet and beautifully appointed."  Overall the quality and presentation of food was excellent, and price was suitable. Restaurant's interior design was a fusion of classic and modern styles of Chinese culture. I am guarantee that you will love this restaurant.
