I have eaten at several Vietnamese restaurants in Philly, NJ, and NY and the service here was bizarre and off-putting.   Ok let's talk about the food first: The food was average, nothing exciting.  The pho bowl was small compared to most places and the beef was sliced too thick and overcooked.  Most good pho spots have thin sliced beef w/ a little pink in the middle.  I ordered the grape leaves appetizer, which was fine, but again, nothing special.   Now, the service:  I ordered the grape leaves appetizer, which was served with lettuce leaves, a few cucumber slices, and like one slice of carrot and daikon (literally).  Typically when I order grape leaves at any Vietnamese place, they are served w/ rice paper or lettuce to wrap the leaves.  I ran out of lettuce about 1/3 of the way through eating the stuffed grape leaves.  I flagged one of the waiters over (since they never come to check on you) and asked him if I could have a few more lettuce leaves to finish eating my stuffed grape leaves.  He seemed confused and said he would get my waiter.   Then, my waiter came and I asked for more lettuce leaves.  He asked if I wanted a whole salad including the daikon, carrot, and cucumbers.  I said "no, I don't want to pay for a whole salad" I just want a few lettuce leaves and showed him that I had a whole plate of grape leaves left to wrap.  He then told me he couldn't do that without charging me for a side salad.   What?!?!  I wanted 3 iceberg letuce leaves, which they didn't give me enough of to begin with!!  I then asked for the manager.   I very politely explained the situation to her. The manager told me that the chef doesn't give out lettuce leaves, and that the side salad is the only way the chef prepares this dish.  She also told me I was eating the food wrong when I said I didn't have enough to wrap my grape leaves.  I politely told her I have eaten at several Vietnamese restaurants and I've always wrapped my grape leaves.  And she shouldn't be telling me how to eat my food anyway!  I was confused why I couldn't just get lettuce.  She said that no one is allowed to ask the chef anything, even herself as a manager.  She said he was very temperamental.  I have never heard of such a thing!   I said, " So you're telling me that if you asked the chef right now for a few lettuce leaves..he wouldn't give it to you?"  She said "yes. you have to order the side dish." I finally gave up and said "fine,"  but at that point I completely lost my appetite and was dissatisfied that I was given such a hard time over some lettuce leaves.  To me, it was the same as saying i wasn't allowed to have extra ketchup for my hot dog.   Seeing how disgruntled I was, the manager finally came over with some lettuce and told me that she personally went back and convinced the chef to show how "above and beyond" she went for me.  Wow.  I also think that because I look young she thought she could say anything and make the problem go away.  Had I been a middle aged man wearing a business suit I don't think she would have denied me the lettuce. 1 star for VERY POOR SERVICE!
