I've been going to union league café every year on my anniversary. This year we went an our experience was horrible. We arrived at 6:30 for our reservation which we made a week in advance. when we got inside there was no host at the door but there was the general manager standing at the computer reading a wine magazine. So we approached him and gave our name. He didn't even bother looking up from the magazine instead he said someone will be with you momentarily. But instead of saying it in a nice way he gave us an attitude and acted as if we were interrupting him. After about 5 minutes we asked again and he got angry and said didn't I just say that someone will be with you? the man smelled heavily of alcohol and I could barely understand him with his accent. So we were eventually seated by a small blonde host. When we arrived at our table we didn't see our waitress for 5 minutes and she walked over and asked if we wanted pelligrino or Evian and my husband said tap is fine. So she walked away and while we were deciding to what to eat she arrived with our tap water. We placed our order of 2 green salads and waited about 20 minutes for them. My husband ordered a steak and I ordered fish. when our entrees arrived to us the fish and the steak was cold like she left it out for 5 minutes and it cooled. My husband mentioned it and she said with an attitude how she apologizes for the kitchens mistake. the second time around the food was amazing. The young bus boy was very attentive making sure we had bread and water throughout the meal and he cleared very quickly after we finished asking if we enjoyed our meal and saying he was happy that it was delicious. The waitress didn't come back for at least 15 minutes with our dessert menus and then she had an attitude and was very rude. after our desserts were dropped (by another waiter) we enjoyed the very decorative sorbet. They looked like little mushrooms. Then once again the bus boy came back and was smiling and polite asking us if we enjoyed our meal and my husband joked around with him and they bantered for a moment but even in his obvious youth with his braces and glasses I thought he was much more professional than our waitress. In the end we tipped her 20% even though she barely deserved 10%. The food, as always, was exquisite, but our waitress ruined the night for us. I hope next time the service improves.
