It's long overdue. To summarize - the worst service I have ever experienced, the host is this crazy woman with ego issues, but food is good. I came to Beyoglu with my wife and a friend. It was my friend's birthday and we had heard good things about the food here, so we decided to bring him here for lunch.  In retrospect, we should've read the reviews and known about the service here. We waited for 10-15 minutes (this much wait is common and was expected) before we were told by a waitress that she will get our table ready in a couple of minutes. When she did not come back in next few minutes, we decided to inquire about it with the hostess (who is this tall weird woman who does not know a thing about hospitality). She told us that the table we were supposed to get was actually reserved for another party and, therefore, we will have to wait more - no apologies, she just blurted it out and went away. We were obviously pissed with this kind of mismanagement and were debating to leave the place. But, within minutes, the hostess came back (seemed visibly irritated) and said she will give us the same table. I, personally, didn't like the way she talked, but to make sure my friend had a great time I decided to give it a try. The frustration, however, was still quite visible on my face. Amazingly, she somehow sniffed that frustration and asked me "are you giving me the look ?" as we approached to our table. While we all were taken aback by her completely unprofessional remark, instead of telling her how arrogant and lunatic she sounds, I decided to explain her that my frustration was due to the gross mismanagement there. She didn't bother to apologize or say a word at all. She left with the same irritated look. Once she was gone, we decided to move on as there was no point spoiling our mood over one person. But, it was not over for her. She actually went as far as telling her waiters to delay service to us. It took about 45 mins (maybe more, I am serious) before anyone came to us to ask for the water. The only good thing was that our feeling of pure disgust for the people working at this place was somewhat offset by the good food here. Conclusion: If it does not matter to you that there is a good chance you may have to face a condescending person before you enjoy your meal, you can try this place for some good Mediterranean food. For me it is not the risk worth taking.
