oh man i want to love this place so much!  they are 2 for 2 though in horrible service. great food, horrible service. last fall was our first visit and the waitress was too cool for school.  she didn't look at us once, which was pretty impressive considering part of her occupation involves interacting with patrons.  the eye rolling, annoyed voice and complete lack of eye contact from her got old (she just stared at an empty wall the whole time).  the food was amazing so we wrote it off and vowed to go back and try again. we went back this weekend and they proved it could get worse.   walked in and talked to the hostess.  she told us we could have our choice of two open tables and pointed us to them.  we said great, and sat down.  and  sat.  and sat.  waiting.... ten minutes later the waiter came over and asked why we had no menus.. we were just as confused as him. after whispers and stares between him and the hostess he came back over with menus, slamming our water glasses on the table.  the next ten minute wait gave us enough time to figure out they thought we had seated ourselves.  this is so unlike something the two of us would do, and if we were in the wrong, the hostess could have let us know she hadn't been quite ready for us to sit yet and handled the situation 100x better.  we would have been embarrassed by our mistake, but we all could have moved on and enjoyed our evenings.  she could have even brought over the menus and moved past the communication breakdown.  somehow when you walk in, check in with the hostess and she says "you have have that table over there" it makes us think, at least..... we can have that table over there?  my bad. the waiter's style for taking our order was to walk up an say "ready?"  pen and paper in hand.  this was the interaction that followed the slamming of the water glasses. (maybe i imagined that as slamming, who knows, i was on edge at that point)  we ordered drinks and a couple starters and he informed us he'd rather just go ahead and get our main dish order over with as well.  just like that.  over the next bit we noticed everyone else got a lot better treatment.. they were even told the specials of the evening.  specials?!  would have been nice!   he warmed up to us a bit over the evening, so not all was lost i guess.... so $100 bucks for a night of this.   the food was amazing... oysters, the boiled egg starter with sausage (yummmm!) meatloaf sandwich and cod.   we left very stuffed and very confused.
