Should be 2.5 stars, not just 2 stars. I read many reviews on Yelp about this place after being taking to Hearth for a special occasion in December.  Frankly, my experience was quite a distance  away from what most other persons report  on this web site about the place.   This comes from a person who has dined at many top restaurants in NYC, the Hamptons, Hawaii and San Francisco and who is a very good cook. Let's start with service.  When service was around, it was very good and friendly. But for a considerable amount of time, especially for quite a while after we sat down, we were like persons in a raft in the middle of an ocean.   Food.  I strongly dislike places that have severs that serve bread one piece at time for a while and then disappear. The place falls into the category. I had to ask for olive oil. I never use butter. The bread crust was tough--almost like day old bread.   The main course and appetizer menu didn't excite me even though I know the food is  locally sourced and seasonal. I chose the quall (very tasty) and duck (rare and cut into small pieces, not the way I like duck served). Good but some pieces were tough to chew.  One of the persons had an excellent salad, pears, lettuce, walnuts. One person had a fish dish as a main course. It was supposed to be a hot dish, but was served  cold. Back to the kitchen it went. When it was returned, it was overcooked but had great sauce. Since it was late (after 11 pm), that hungry person ate the meal and then complained to our server, who told the manager. He came over to our table and apologized for the messed up meal and took the cost off the menu,  which was nice. No tablecloths. Very surprising considering the prices. Wine/beer. Great selections of beer (no boring American beers, like Bud),  but some are over $20 (in very large bottles). The wine book is very unusual in terms of data presentation, but offered some good selections in a variety of categories.  About 7 or 8 red wines by the glass and about the same amount of white wines by the glass.  More wines by the glass selections than many other NYC restaurants but still smaller than many West Coast restaurants. I prefer French Bordeaux.  But there were none in the red wines by the glass list.  I asked a server (sommelier came around when we first got the wine book but never came back) for something like French Bordeaux. She advised the most expensive red wine by the glass. It was very good. Ambiance.  Quite loud due to large number of persons there.  Even though there was a speaker over my head, fortunately no music came out of it until we were about to leave.  About the table set up, tables for two in the main dining room are along the walls. In the middle, are tables for 6 or so. This makes for a noisy environment if you are sitting on the sides. Like at least other reviewer, I really didn't like the décor.  Blood red on one side, exposed brick on the other. Could be improved to give a warmer and more cozy and country look/feeling.   Teas.  This place does have a good tea selection and they are all loose leaf teas.  That to me that is very impressive since most places in NYC serve bagged tea.  However, the tea was brewed in the kitchen and served  much too hot.  I had to wait about 5 to 10 minutes before it got cool enough to drink. Desserts.  A bore.  Very surprising and disappointing. They included donuts. For dessert!!??  We instead choose to have desserts at a very excellent nearby Italian dessert place. Will I go back? Maybe for a different menu and some beer.  I will eat at the bar.
