Eno Terra aspires to an upscale Italian nouvelle cuisine however they fall far short.  I have been there three times since it opened about a year ago.  The service and the wine list are pretty good however some aspects were not up to par for a restaurant with this atmosphere. The waitress was less than attentive and didn't really listen, she was on autopilot. We started with a sparkling rose which was served distinctively flat, definitely opened at least 24 hours previously. The wine steward when asked for help with an extensive list of French Burgundy fell flat on his face and steered us to an $88 bottle of trendy California syrah, which while good, missed the whole point. If you have 20 burgundy listed and are asked for a good earthy full flavored one, you should have an answer. The first thing on the special menu was a steak, and assuming that the fist thing on the special menu was indeed special, I fell for it. After a decent but not spectacular salad course there was an interminable wait which was weird because this was like 7 on a Thursday. Only when the main course finally arrived did I realize my mistake, as later the manager pointed out that the steak was grass fed beef and they often had customers comment that it wasn't good. So why do they keep serving it I ordered it medium rare and it came half raw literally, one side of the steak was totally raw an the other side was cooked brown to a quarter inch. Worst of all was the bad taste and boot leather texture. My wife ordered a lamb pasta which was marginally good, and I sent the steak back after tasting it. We were then offered what I have to say was a pretty lame dessert including some kinds of prefab mini pastry with stale crusts as a consolation prize. I left somewhat disappointed, $180 on the AMEX with a half bottle of OK wine to drown my sorrows with.  But it was wine that I didn't really ask for which made it somewhat bitter and my wife was clearly upset at the bill. This is the second time I ate there, the first time was shortly after they opened and the service and food were a bit better. I would put it about one notch above Olive Garden where I have only been once.
