I am a longtime resident of the Bleecker Street neighborhood between 6th and 7th avenues in NYC.  A month or so ago I walked past and noticed this brand new restaurant in the neighborhood and asked when they were opening.  They said that evening.  A few weeks later I met a friend at Pagani for drinks and appetizers at the bar and had a great time with a really attentive cool bartender. when I thought, with relief, that I had found an awesome new venue to dine and drink in the hood on a regular basis. Tonight that illusion was trashed.   I went on-line to get the phone number to make a dinner reservation.  Their website claims to have a "no reservations" policy for any size party outside of early evening 5pm or after 9pm on Open Table.  I invited two guests to join me at 7:30, but explained that we might have to wait for an hour or so at the bar.  They understood and agreed. I arrived at 7:30 and the hostess, DJ (her name, not her role), asked me if I had a reservation.  I replied that I thought they didn't accept reservations.  She looked confused and suggested I wait for a bar table where they could seat and serve dinner for me very quickly.  I asked how long for a table IN the restaurant proper and she said it would be at least an hour.  I agreed and gave her my name and said I would wait at the bar. My guests arrived, we moved to a cocktail table for drinks and I went back to DJ and a male host who was also now at the front desk about a half hour later and informed them that we were still waiting for a table in the restaurant, but would have drinks at the cocktail table. The server in the cocktail area was not present so I asked DJ, the hostess, if someone could help us order an appetizer and more drinks while we waited for our table.  She pawned me off to someone else named Quinn, who was EXTREMELY nice and gave us menus and took our order.  He also brought us a complimentary appetizer.  My guests were eating their appetizers happily and at 8:45 I notice a woman at the bar speaking to our hostess DJ.  I had been there since 7:30 and these women had arrived around 8:15pm. Next I notice DJ seating this party of three ladies.  As she is walking past us with them I said, "excuse me but we've been waiting longer than these ladies.  She then snapped at me, "Excuse me sir, they have a reservation.  I thought you didn't take reservations, I said.  She said, I will get back to you sir. She never did.  We got the check.  I spoke with the general manager, Enzo Buremi, who apologized perfunctorily and politely, asking me to call him next time and he will make sure i get seated. So CLEARLY they don't really have a "no reservation" policy,( or DJ has her own list of preferred customers that she seats at her discretion) and they seat who they want when they want.  I won't return, and I hope anyone who is reading this will think twice about supporting this place when there are so MANY GREAT honorable restaurants in the neighborhood that seat you in the order you come in, OR with reservations (whatever their policy), and not like Pagani where DJ and her crew treat you like you are in a waiting line for a trendy night club. Very un-neighborly for such a great neighborhood.
