I had one of the best dining experiences of my life at this at this restaurant. It's a pricy place and a reservation is hard to get. But for a special occasion I can't think of a better place to go. The restaurant is beautiful. The best way I can describe is, it's the type of place you might find a 40's movie star drinking a scotch. The bar tender was helpful in picking out cocktails, and the waiter was super helpful in helping us decide what to eat. He even engaged us while we talked about food and NYC, even though he was extremely busy. He talked us through the suckling pig entree. It was a big undertaking at 90 bucks, but he ensured us that it will feed the four of us. He also told us about how we can order a side of extra parts, like pork shoulder and cheak for an extra price. To me this was one of the best parts of the meal, and we wouldn't have thought to get it without his suggestion. Before it was brought out to us, a waiter brought the pig to the table before it was cooked, asking our approval as if it were an uncorked bottle of wine. I was very immpressed. When it was served, it turned out to be one of the best things I've ever tasted, it was one of those meals you will just never forget. The skin was so crispy and about an inch thick. Under that skin was the most tender, juicy pork I've ever eaten. I'm no chef but I swear it had to have been slow cooked for days, for weeks! For dessert we ordered one of my favorites- affogato, and the waiter came out to poor the espresso over the creamy vanilla gilato himself. Again, impressed. Another point to make about the service - I tweeted at the restaurantseveral times, expressing my excitement for the meal to come, and they responded almost immediatly each time, to the delight of me and my dining buddies. This was on a busy holiday weekend night. This may be a bit dramatic but at the end of the night I actually hugged the waiter. I will never forget this night, this meal and this restaurant. Between the service, the atmosphere, the drinks and the food, it's a NYC gem.
