That place needs a full season to sort out their shit.  So much shit. They open at 4pm.  We got there at 4pm.  Told we had a 3 hour wait for a table.  That's fine because we can hang out at the bar and in the backyard and play mini-golf, bocce, and cornhole.  That was our plan anyway. Except we can't hang out at the bar because there is only one and it is not a big space at all (8 seats I think) and there is immediately a line 3-4 people deep for the two bartenders working.  Takes easily 15 minutes to get a beer. And then we can't play games in the backyard because the mini-golf (so very budget and not fun budget) isn't ready yet, and there is no bocce (don't see how there can be because it is all gravel), and one of the cornhole sets is already missing bags (never to be replaced that night) so there are two sets for everyone enduring the really long waits so there are really long waits to play the games. Oh and there are no seats unless you have a table.  Gigantic backyard.  Not a single place to sit down unless you want to sit on gravel.  And you either are or are not allowed to have your beers in the backyard depending on which staff member comes out.  We were yelled at for having bottles back there so we went upstairs only to watch another group of people come down with glass bottles and poach our place in the cornhole line.  Typical of the disorganization going on. We did get a table pretty much exactly at the 3 hour mark, so good estimate on their part there.  But we had a large group and instead of putting two tables together, they gave us too separate tables.  That's pretty unacceptable. Our waitress asked us if we had been told there was going to be a really long wait for the food.  We said no, we had not been told that.  She said, well there is so you better order a lot of starters.  We ordered what we wanted then she, not nicely at all, reminded us there was going to be a really long wait and said we really should order some starters (keep in mind that the cheapest entree was over 20 bucks and some people's were over 40).  We decided not to add more starters and she walked away in a huff.  All our food came within ten minutes. The second table, all the food came within ten minutes except for two people's meals.  Took another ten minutes to figure out that order had never made it to the kitchen.  Waitress asked them if they still wanted it.  They did.  Got it about ten minutes later.  No comp'd drinks or food for their trouble. When we went to order a second round of drinks, we were hassled because we only wanted 3 more instead of the waitress's suggested 5 or 7.  Didn't seem like it was just our waitress, just that the staff has clearly been instructed to sell as much beer and as many starters as possible and doesn't know how to do it at all subtly. The place closes at 11pm (I think) on Saturdays, but when we were leaving around 9 people showing up then were being told that the restaurant was fully booked for the night despite the fact that there were empty tables all over the place.  It could have been that they only seat people inside past a certain time for noise reasons, but they weren't telling that to the people they were turning away.  Some very pissed off people who went all the way to the end of Red Hook for dinner who I'm sure went home and spread angry reviews around. All of this would be sort of okay, but you're paying at least 50 bucks per person with beer and food and the food is not good.  The food is barely mediocre.  They are a crab shack and everyone who had the crabs said they were not fresh ("mealy" was a word used often).  I had a clam roll that was ten dollars more than the clam roll at Littleneck and not even a close second place. So overall, bad food, awful service, no idea how to manage the crowd that they must have known they would have, but a very pretty location and view. These guys also own Alma, so it could be like what they do with Alma and they know that people are just coming their for the view and they'll never bother to make their food match their price or fix their service. I think it will take them this entire summer to sort out their issues (if they want to), and I'll try again next summer.
