I went here on Mothers day and at first really liked the look of the place and the people seemed nice.  I was there with my wife and daughter (18months) and quickly learned it wasn't a kid friendly place.  They had a hard time finding a high chair and the one they did find was broken, straps didn't hold.   So I am a newbi to Ethiopian food and we expressed that to our waitress.  Asked her what was popular and she told us.  At that point though she didn't give us any instructions on how the food comes out.  We are Vegans so we were happy that they had vegan options.  So I ordered an item from the vegetables section.  She told me I get two side vegetables too.  I asked her what vegetables can I choose from since I didn't see any vegetables like broccoli or something.  The waitress says, any of the vegetables on the menu.  I am looking at my wife like, "am I missing something" and the waitress is looking at me like what don't you get?  Again, nobody told us how this works.  Most places I've been to ask you if you have been there before and explain what to do so you don't feel like an idiot when order.  Our waitress saw that we were struggling to understand and still didn't bother to tell us  that we will be getting a big piece of dough and on top of that they will put items from the Vegetable section on the big plate of "bread".  So my wife and I are flying blind and the waitress still hasn't explained that what they consider to be a vegetable is any item in the Vegetable section of the menu.  So after asking a couple questions I come to understand that I can get sides from the other menu items.  When I ask for a couple sides that I thought looked good it was an extra charge for those.  So I was like well what isn't an extra charge.  She told me and by that point I was so amazed at the lack of communication that I said never mind I will just take the item I originally ordered.  We also didn't understand that it would come on this huge plate of "bread" so we order so "bread" on the side.  When we asked for the side "bread" the waitress said really?  you want extra "bread"  We had no idea that it would come out with bread, she could have told us!  But I guess she saw it as an up sale and decided to keep that to herself. So the food comes out and we look at each other like what is this.  We now had this big piece of "bread" and a small scoop of the item we ordered.  It started to all make sense now, I was suppose to get three items on this to fill up the bread, but because our waitress couldn't communicate with us, I only got the one item.  We also got a side "bread" too and now had two huge pieces of "bread" on the table for one little item of vegetables.   The food was pretty good and like I said it has a good atmosphere.  My rating is mostly for our experience as a newbi to Ethiopian food.  Like others said, we are big Indian food fan and was also disappointed in the flavor.
