In the movie "Re-animator" Jeffery Combs a.k.a. Howard P. Lovecraft's  heart's desire is to give life back to the dead. This is course the story of Brooklyn. The rotting corpse of Williamsburg, Green-point, the South Slope, Sunset park...etc.  Have been and continue to receive blood=money as they were the last places where the Capitalist-fascist could buy low and sell at enormous profits to satisfy their rapacious  greed and lust. Folks who were priced out of Manhattan now face the irony that all of this re-animation has made Brooklyn the 2nd most expensive city in America right behind Manhattan.  Is  Queens  the new Brooklyn and The Bronx the new Queens? The Universe is laughing is there a Texas size asteroid heading our way. It's now 5th Avenue turn for a transfusion. What was once a dessert of faceless buildings and anonymous store fronts is now slowing getting its "color-back." I even noticed and Art Gallery near 20th street. Let's hope it does not suffer the same fate as 4th Avenue, now the home to "luxury" -read- price gouging condo's built by immigrant architects just off the boat from East Germany. I missed the memo  where expedient ugliness has become the new standard model. Speaking of the late Eastern Europe, the one good thing to come out of it, besides the Stasi and Marcus Wolf,  is the wonderful food.  The restaurant KORZO has taken the best and delivers it with great style and panache. Everything on the menu is wonderful.  Having eaten there several times  I highly recommend you stopping in for dinner and to sample their wonderful selection of beer and cocktails. They have an art gallery in the back with some very interesting paintings but I would have preferred portraits of Uncle Joe Stalin, Eric Honecker, Bela Kun and Janos Kadar for company. The only drawback is that it is right next door to a Tattoo Parlor!  What is it with these god dam tattoos? I mean what!!!!!  -what happens when you are 60 and the ink has faded and gravity has started its remorseless work? Hey Grandma is that a Jackson Pollack on your butt?
