I have never been compelled to "write" a Yelp review, although I have read hundreds (if not more) of reviews in order to assist in my decision making when headed to a new restaurants - as I did prior to dining at Amis last night. After last night's experience at Amis, I felt that it would be irresponsible of me NOT to write a review. I feel like I wasted my time (and money) to experience food that was just...well...okay. I bought into the hype and lost out in the deal. I will be the first to admit that I am a huge fan of Vetri and Osteria. I think the atmosphere, concepts, food and service are all first class. I have had amazing meals and experiences at both. And, I would expect nothing other than very good, if not great, things from anything that he would be a part of. Amis...great?...not quite yet. A new restaurant needs time to grow, and Vetri has his work cut out for him here. Service - Perfect! Service with a smile, very friendly and warming. Atmosphere - great. Our server mentioned that Vetri designed it himself...very well done Mr. Vetri. Compliments all around. The lights...very cool! Negroni's anyone!? Music Selection - great. The clasic rock and 80's hits were great background music! A nice touch. Location - great. Beautiful building with a great feel and look to it. Exactly what you would expect for a Cucina Romana. Perfect. With all of this going so well, what could possibly be wrong then? Food - could the food possibly be the issue? I'm sorry to say Mr. Vetri, but from what we've experienced - YES. Octopus  - no flavor and quite dull. The dish was simply prepared, I understand, but come on...you can do better than that. This was the most dissapointing dish for us. Fried Lamb's Tongue - sounds fun, so we gave it a shot. But, the flavor wasn't all that interesting and the presentation was reminiscent of, dare I say, a diner? Breading was ok, but it did not balance the flavor or texture of the tongue at all. The sauce was a nice compliment, but needed something else? Stuffed Clams - where is the clam? The flavor was ok, but the texture was extremely mushy (too mushy), very oily and overly salted. What was the appeal of this dish? I just don't get it. Eggplant Caponata - very good. Probably the most  pleasurable flavors of any dish we tried. The Bruschetta (the bread) was grilled to perfection and had great flavor and texture. Ok...so 1 out of 4 isn't so bad! At a Vetri restaurant...YES, it is. So, what do we order next? Well, at this point we agreed to close out our check and decided to run home, grab a bottle of wine and head to our favorite BYOB and salvage the remainder of our evening with what we knew would be an amazing finish to a very dissapointing start. Never have we done that before. Amis is holding all of the right cards, and we would like nothing more than to see their success, but let's be real. Let's cut out the hype and get right to the point - Vetri, step it up.
