Mike P. This is my first and last time I will go to this bistro. The person I was with was there before and waited along time for the food wich was just average, while the fire alarm went on for about 20 minutes. Considering the issue at hand, thought it was worth trying again. They say they serve till 9 pm, That is SERVE, not close! We arrived at 8:10pm creating a not so happy waiter who rushed us through looking at the very limited menu, kept looking at his watch and kept asking if we were ready to order about every 45 seconds.  also, he would forget to bring us things when we asked for them. I could go on but lets get to the food. The appetizer was cold, eggplant rollatini,had to be sent back .it was more like a flat piece of eggplant with cheese over it. asked for two plates since we were sharing the app. he seemed dumb founded by our request then only brought us one! I had to go accross the room to find one more. the two dinners were priced $5.00 more then on   Zinna's web page. Wach out for that bait & switch! The Ravioli was average, not much flavor, very little sauce & cold. Had to ask for sauce on the side. no spoon, asked 2 time never received one. The penne with crumbled sausage, roasted garlic and a vodka sauce was average and hot, but no roasted garlic what so ever!  (That is a favorit of mine, I know what true roasted garlic is!)as a matter of fact, no garlic at all was vissable or to  taste. and it was on the dry side, only sauce on the top. It was 905 pm now so we would not even dare to ask for dessert, though he did offer it, we were already being pushed out the door. with all the cleaning around us going on. we could tell they wanted us to leave. As for the menu itself, very overpriced in every catagory and does not come with a salad. They need to look around the area and see what other places are offering for a better price other wise i would think that they will not make it to the end of the year! They seem to be on the italian side but they didnt even have speaghette or meatballs or sausage! But they do have buffalo wings! (ha ha). My advice, give it a try for yourself then go to others in the area and see how much more food tou can get for about one third lower pricing. I mean chicken parm that does not come with a salad should not cost $20.00! Good luck to all who dare!
