Salinas disappoints, bottom line.   I have never written a negative review on Yelp, but Salinas so ruined our group's night that I feel like I have to get involved! Our experience began with my making a reservation several weeks in advance for our party of nine.  They accepted the rezzy easily and even let me request the garden area, which is in fact covered and does not feel like a garden at all.  Then, one week before our reservation, I receive an email saying that all big parties are subject to their $65 per person prix fixe, and that we would be cancelled if we didn't accept.  I was able to argue our way out if, but beware if booking a large party.  This is a new policy for them. Next, the night itself.  Eight out of nine were disappointed. We made the mistake of showing up for dinner hungry...ha.  While ordering our drinks, we asked the waitress if we could put in a few tapas orders and she literally said no.  While she knew a lot about their menu, she actually annoyed us with her over explanations.  Once she would leave the table, we regularly would not see her again for 10 or 15 minutes.   The tapas were small and not memorable. Take it from us, not the place to take a hungry man especially.   The flatbread should instead be listed as a "big cracker."  The brussel sprouts consisted of only cauliflower, and provided LITERALLY four bites of food.  No one seemed to complain about the ceviche, and the cheese plate was average, although we did have to ask for more accoutrements like bread, etc.   Dinner.  The paella takes 45 minutes to prepare, and I have never seen paella with so little seafood.  Expect a plate of rice...good rice...but just rice.  The chicken dish with vermelli was too salty, neither person finished theirs.  The vegetarian dish was creative but small and expensive.  Our only satisfied diner ordered the strip steak, he was happy, but he never complains about anything, so I am suspicious! The signature cocktails were strong, but the glass looked like 1/3 of the drink had been consumed already.  We actually mentioned this and they told us it was on purpose.  For $14 each, just fill the mini-martini glass to the top! We were too annoyed to order dessert, so we paid our big bill and left.  All three guys and two of the girls went directly to the pizza place next door and ordered slices.  The pizza was delicious :) We will never be back, too many other great options.  Don't waste a night on this.
