Okay this is gonna sound crazy, but this just happened this past weekend at wishbone. It's 12 noon and thought i was going to order some chicken and bicuits. The young man behind the counter indicates they are serving bf...lunch won't be served till 12:30 - 1pm...oh okay, i notice the waffle chicken lett., tom. sand., and there is afull tray of biscuits. I said is their anymore of that chick., (it's the chick. they serve for lunch). The young man explains it's for bf only...i reply, uhm ok. I see an ordering pad inches from the ymans hand and a pen. Well can i give you my order and pick it up? The yman replies ...well yes, but i will prob. forget it....i looked around with some disbelief, and then suggested he write it down. He then said, they don't do that...with no further explanation. Ok...i go to my car call my sister back and say you know some people look smart...but are as dumb as a door nail...she laughs and says just because you wear glasses that don't mak'em smart...a ym sitting outside with a yw, goes inside. Comes out and smirks and sits with friend. David Clouser (Fdr.,/Chef) comes out kneels down with ym, hand gestures to my car...proceeds to then walk to my car and ask me did i call the worker inside black? I said what? No...are you kidding, i don't use racist terms, where do you get this from? He indicates the ym, the ym insinuates he heard me say black....now i'm furious, i call him several expletives,( he could've said i thought you said). David ask me why am i calling him names, I said does this clown thinks it's okay to stir up trouble. David ask why i was upset with the worker...i explained it, he tells me the pad is for online order...well how do i know that? David proceeds to tell me that i am acting like a brat...you didn't get your way and now you are acting like a brat, he puts his thumb to his mouth and mimicks sucking his thumb... by now i'm feel like this guy is completely out of line, i refer to him as a moron, expletive ignoramous....he proceeds to tell me, i'm not welcome at his business...as if! A young black male approaches the store, and David starts pointed at my car and yelling ...she's a racist ...a racist, ugh! (like, she has a gun!) The black male looked as confused as me. (One to many episodes of what would you do). So beware and enter at your own risk. The food is definetly not worth the risk of experencing some of the most bizzare behavior one should have to endure in order to get lunch!
