This review is not based on the food. We never got any food. Let me explain. This is a long one. It happened about a year ago. After hearing a few recommendations of where to get pizza, we decided to try this place and drove out there on a weekday afternoon between lunch and dinner. It was not quite 4, maybe, so the place wasn't particularly busy. Not wanting to hang around in the dimly lit "atmosphere," we decided to order a cheese pizza to go. The hostess told us it would take about half an hour, since they gave priority to the people eating in. Note: this becomes important later. Okay, fine, a little long, but fine. It beat driving around to find another pizza place. So we took a seat across from the bar area with it's creepy inept bartender lady and waited. (We did not order from her, we just got to watch as she made bartenders everywhere look bad.) And we waited. And waited. And waited. People were starting to come in for an early dinner, but the place was still nowhere near full. In fact, about half of the tables were empty (though the bar was filling up with people wanting to get a start on their mid-week liver damage). Half an hour passed. No pizza. Okay, we thought, it'll be out any minute now. After all, we were the first in line of the people who'd come in for takeout, and the restaurant side of the place was still half empty, it couldn't take them that much longer. So we waited some more. At the 45 minute mark, I asked the hostess if there was some sort of problem. She apologized and said the pizza that had been made for our order was given to a table instead, but don't worry, they were making another one. Ummmm...what? She assured us it would only be another 15 minutes. Fine. We were already there and wasting time, so we'll wait the 15 minutes. Great, the hostess said, and she led a couple that just walked in to a table that was clearly visible from the waiting area. 20 more minutes passed. Still no pizza. But wait...what's this? The couple that only got seated 45 minutes after we placed our order was getting a nice, fresh, steaming hot cheese pizza pie put on their table? Excuse me?!? We'd been there over an hour already, waiting mostly patiently, not storming off when we were told our order was given to someone else (which, in hind sight, we should have done), and the people who came in way after us were getting food? What the hell? Resisting the urge to curse out the hostess, I inquired about the status of our order. She said it should be out any minute now and assured us that it wouldn't take more than 5 more minutes. Fine. Okay. More pissed off than hungry now, but we'd wasted an hour, what's a few more minutes? The pizza better be ambrosia after this. 10 minutes passed. Still no pie. And no hostess either. She had disappeared shortly after the last time we spoke to her. So we flagged down a waiter from the restaurant side and asked him what the deal was, by this point we'd been waiting 75 minutes for a single plain cheese pie. Not that hard to do. We could have driven somewhere else, eaten, and been well on our way by that time. So the waiter checked on our order. Guess what? That second pie that was being made for us after the first was given to a table? That second pie went to the aforementioned couple. They were now making pie number 3, but they couldn't guarantee we'd get that one, since dinner rush was about to start, and oh, a pie was just coming out of the oven that he had to deliver to a table! He walked away before we could express our indignation. Okay, I get giving tables priority in putting their orders in first, but takeout customers don't have all day to wait around for their orders to come out. And I have never, ever been to a place awful enough to intentionally give take-away orders to eat in customers that'd been waiting no where near as long. Tired of being screwed with, pissed off, and hungry, we just left. I don't care if their pizza is a holy grail of pizza, this is probably one of the worst takeout experiences I've ever had. Time wasted: 80 minutes Pizzas made: 3 Pizzas received: 0
