12/10/2011.  A delicious lighter touch than traditional Chinese food.  We were a party of eight who shared six appetizers, soup, and eight entrées.  Each dish was wonderful and we look forward to returning to try the rest of the menu.  Our reservations were for six o'clock and we were seated immediately on arrival. There is a parking lot across the street.   The décor is clean, elegant, and almost sparse compared to other restaurants in Chinatown.  While there are no tablecloths, the tables, china, and linen napkins are still of quality sufficient for a romantic evening.  While the restaurant was packed, we had no problem with hearing our conversations and the service was very timely and attentive. Food Quality/Taste/Value =  5 Stars Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars Price = 3 Stars (i.e. typical appetizer $7, typical soup $4, typical entrée $12,) Service = Fast and Friendly Decor = 3 Stars The service is blindingly fast.  Do not order your entrées until you have completed your appetizers. This suggestion in other reviews is one worth remembering.  Nothing on the menu seems to take more than five to ten minutes to serve.   Start your adventure by ordering the "Thousand Layer Bread with Potato Dip." Closer to Chinese scallion pancakes than Indian naan, and a great Burmese way to start the meal.  The Crispy Fried Onion was better than any American variant.  The Bar-B-Que Beef on Thousand Layer Bread was tender and flavorful. "Crispy Burmese Tofu" are crispy triangles of lentils that crunch and then melt in you mouth. The Pumpkin Soup would more accurately be described as French Onion Soup without the bread and cheese, but with a wonderful touch of pumpkin flavor.  If you like the taste and flavor of the French version, you may like this lighter fare more. The entrées are lighter in flavor than the appetizers (and generally not fried). Unlike traditional Chinese restaurants, nothing on the menu marked in red is actually very spicy, just flavorful. As my wife likes her food Szechuan hot, she ordered her "Country Chicken" as "very extra spicy" and was happy with the result.   Every one raved about the Beef Keema and my son's "Beef with String Bean" was tender, amazingly flavorful, and a dish we will order again and again.  The "Festival Rice" and "Spicy Red Fried Rice" were hits, (but again, not all that spicy). The Coconut Shrimp is cooked with vegetables in a light broth.  One of our group loved it.  The rest of us thought it was better than typical Asian fare, but not as good as everything else. None of us tried noodle dishes and we were too full for dessert. [A side note:  The restaurant has two web sites, phillychinatown.com/rang… and rangoonrestaurant.com.  They both need to be replaced.  Focus on the reviews instead and you will be well informed.] As noted in other reviews, the portions here are a little smaller when compared to other restaurants in Chinatown.  But the superior flavors are well worth the price and we are now fans of Rangoon.
