I recently came to Philly to visit family and I had heardthrough the grape vine that there were so many good places in philly to get notjust a good, but an incredible breakfast so my plan was to hit one place amorning and see what all the hub-bub was about. I went to Green Eggs, Sabrina'sCafé, Honey's Sit and Eat and then finally Morning Glory. My only regret is Ididn't find this place sooner. All the places I mentioned were good and theyall had their own little twist on how they do things but Morning Glory blew meaway and I worked in the food industry for 12 years of my life. I went there ona Wednesday right as they opened (7am by the way), the server was pleasant, andhe said something like "the diner is my oyster," sit anywhere I'd like. I got alittle chuckle out of that and grabbed a booth. He brought me a coffee and Ididn't even read the menu, I told him I was in the mood for something with eggsbut not just an omelet. He recommended I get the Burrito with meat in it, Ichose sausage. I guess it's because it was so early but it seemed like rightafter he walked away from my table, we talked for a few minutes and thenmagically my food was there. It was quite possibly the best breakfast item I'dever eaten, it was scrambled eggs with all kinds of vegetables wrapped in atortilla and topped with a delicious chile sauce that's definitely a Chilesauce but it wasn't anywhere near spicy enough that anyone who has a lowtolerance for all things spicy would have a problem with. I should also mention there coffee is unbelievableand the waiter explained to me they get their beans from a local provider whomade them their own blend. It was nice because it was so early that it was justme, the waiter and the cook. The waiter explained to me it picks up later, I'mjust an early riser and I could see what he meant, as I was finishing up moreand more tables were coming in. I paid for my meal, left a more than generoustip because the server (black shirt,black polo hat) did an excellent job serving me and he made me genuinely laughtwo or three times. So now it's Thursday morning and I was supposed to tryFitzwater Café but I loved my experience the day before so it was back toMorning Glory for me. I really wanted the burrito again but I opted forsomething sweet instead. It was nice to see I had the same waiter as the daybefore and he even remembered my name. He explained the Monkey French Toast wasfeatured on a TV show and if I like sweet, I'd love this. So Monkey FrenchToast it was. Man, was that awesome AND they bring you REAL maple syrup, noneof that fake sh*t (pardon my French). The 2nd day was the same greatservice, the waiter made me laugh again but it was a bit later and I could seehe was busier. I still always had a full coffee and in our talking the daybefore he explained to me that if they could make it there, they do... What hemeant by that was they don't have Heinz, they make their own and they also maketheir own jam which he said would make a nice appetizer on top of one of theirhomemade biscuits while I waited for my Monkey French Toast. Man, was he right.It was some sort of mixed berry jam but it was phenomenal. And then there wasthe steaming hot biscuit (I ended up getting one to go they were so good).I'mreading some of these other reviews and laughing because if I could give thisplace 10 stars I would. I already can't wait for my next trip to Philly. Wewere going to come for my mother's bday in mid February but now I'm thinkingabout spending xmas with ma this year. Wink wink...
