I went for an early dinner at 5pm on a weekday.  Very nice server named Robert who is 6 feet 6 tall quickly came to us and briefly help us to understand the Jamaica style of menu.   Our order came quickly, only about 5-7 minutes.  My friend ordered the Pan-seared salmon pasta  which he found it too sour and acidic.  The salmon was chopped into small piece and mixed with the bow-tie pasta.   But the dish look waterly and the sour taste didn't seem like overuse of lemon.   My friend worried that something may be wrong with the dish because the menu didn't say that it's a sour taste pasta. We waved for the waiter but the manager Steve quickly came to us.  He's charming and freindly.    After hearing our concern, he first explained that one ingredient made the dish taste sour and nothing wrong with it.  But he said that if we simply don't lke the taste, he's glad to take it back and change to another dish.  In order to make us feel better, he told us that this is the only dish he doesn't like among all.  Server Robert came after the manager and both of them work to together to help us to choose another dish.   They featured fresh fish menu for freshly caught fishes like Salmon,Tilapia  and Mahi-mahi.    So I asked how fresh there fishes are.  Steve said that they have their own fish farm for the first 2 types of fish and line-fishing for the Mahi-mahi.  They were neither swimming nor deep frozen, shipped only with a thin layer of ice.  Since we always have fresh swimming fishes in Chinese restaurants in New York Chinatown.  My friend skipped them and ordered the Seafood Paella (baked sausage, scallops, fish, mussels on fry-rice).  Robert told us that we can ask to take out any particular ingredients.  That one came out nice and smell good. The dish I ordered was the Calypso Shrimp Linguine which was great.  Each dish costs around $16.99  but they do have light-portion for the same dishes that cost $12.99.  Very thoughtful menu.   With the unique setting and atmosphere in this restaurant with excellent service, we have a very pleasant dining experience.  We will be back for sure.
