Where shall I begin, My wife and I honestly felt like we were  on an episode of punk'd This place is really cute and the food is pretty good BUT: This particular staff member (hispanic descent I believe ) just doesn't belong in the restaurant profession. 1.This particular waitress bought my wife and I two less than half filled cups of water with lemon stating all of the pitchers were empty and instead of just taking the extra second and refilling the non filter water pitcher or our glass she thought bringing which looked liked it was 2 leftover cups of water from another table to us made the most since (Really ???) 2. Are order was incomplete we ordered the exact same thing, 2 eggs home fries and bacon . we received everything but the bacon: when questioning our incomplete order this waitress states to us we have to mention we want bacon or sausage or she'll assume we didn't want either.  Really ????? What happen to the customer is always right attitude, The fact of the matter is in this case we were right as she provided us our bill the same time she delivered our food and guess what, we were charged the meal price with BACON !!!!!!!! 7.50 ea. So after this waitress proceeded to think she clarified our ordering error she decided to bring back one order of bacon (3 pieces),  Remind you we order the exact same order so wouldn't you expect 2 side orders of bacon. (Really ??) At this point it pretty clear there is some cognitive issues with this girl, What boggles my mind is she really believes she's good at her job but the fact of the matter is she needs to slow down hear the customers full order request stop chit chatting in the back about nothing relevant  to the business  at hand. Just went you think her errors couldn't get worse, check out time !!!!! Our order came up to $23.74 I gave her 2 20"s  and she provided me back $11.26 uhhhhhh..... Once again sloooowwww down !!!!!!! and she provided me with some lousy excuse as to her error. She is a very hi spirited girl and I think she'll fit in some profession outside to waitressing. Bottom line is and establishment is only as good as its help and trust me when I tell you this staff member will continue to bring negative reviews/views as long as she continues to work there.   Just my opinion --- and obviously others aswell if you look at the rating chart for the last 6 months
