So I read about this place here and decided to give it a go. First off, it's a small place, very cozy, and it's easy to miss if you're not paying attention. I walked by it twice, including tonight, and it seems to be always packed. Waiting for a place to sit is almost a guarantee, good sign though, and they're not afraid to give you something to drink while you wait. I found myself in the unfortunate position of being a party of 1 eating at a busy restaurant. When I showed up, the only free space turned out to be their one and only 4 person table, which I was invited to by a nice waiter on the presumption that I'd move at some later stage of dining, which was fine, I was happy just to be eating. One should note at this point that about half the seating is the bar. Also, if you are a party of 3 or 4, apparently you can call and reserve this front table contrary to the info on this yelp page. Anyway - I ordered the burger. It's a pretty interesting take on it - not fantastic, but certainly not bad and I might have it again. They serve it on an English muffin with the normal tomato, lettuce, cheese, and onion on the bottom, and possibly some other things my pallet couldn't identify alongside great hand cut fries. My only real complaint about it was that my fingers got covered in the meat juices coming out of the burger, and the bun did little to stop this. I might've enjoyed the burger a bit more, but realizing that I was 1 man taking up the only 4 person table in the place, I wanted to get out of their hair as soon as possible, there were multiple people waiting to eat most of the time I was there. What really gets the rating on this for me is the service though. Despite my awkward situation, they told me to slow down and enjoy my food with a smile, and that was much appreciated. They also sat me down in the first place, despite probably being underdressed and a party of 1 in a crowded, popular, restaurant. Few extra notes: I did find myself lacking water, it's a small place that was hard for the wait staff to maneuver in and also had them attending to many customers at once. The glasses were also particularly small, so that heightened this burden. A seat in the back or at the bar probably would've rectified this however. The prices were excellent. The burger only cost me around $13, and I don't think any menu option left the lower twenties in price (and those items contained things like octopus or seared tuna).
