Tried them out for first time today as part of Hamden's Restaurant Week. Have driven by it many times, but they had the most varied menu choices for the prix fix menu of all the restaurants, so gave it a go even though we had our two kids with us. Boy were we pleasantly surprised; seated right away, had the most attentive waiter (wish I remember his name, but he provided the best service we've had in a loooong time). We chose calamari, crab cakes, mussels/clams, and hummus for our appetizers. Especially thought the mussels and hummus was outstanding. Salads were excellent, decent portions too. Warm bread was also offered, which is a nice touch. We were all craving pasta, so tried three of their pasta entrees and loved every one. Really love their pasta, perfectly al dente and better than anything we can cook (not that we're bad cooks). Linguini with clams was spectacular, and can't wait to go back for more Spaghetti Amatriciana. Only slight disappointment was we think the meatballs in the spaghetti and meatballs are frozen mass produced ones (very slightly still lukewarm on the inside). Don't get me wrong, they were tasty, but with the caliber of all the other food, expected them to be homemade. Spaghetti and sauce was fantastic, however. Lastly, we also  tried the Mediterranean Fish & Chips, a nice tasty twist on an old standard, wasn't greasy, satisfying crunch and excellent fries. Incredible value for $12 a person for lunch, and I'm sure $24 for dinner would also be a deal! As mentioned earlier, service was great, our waiter was extremely attentive, first time in a long time I never wanted for more ice water; plates were cleared quickly. Even when our waiter was busy with a big table and my wife flagged down a waitress, she quickly and amiably helped us. Other places the waitress might say ok and pass on the request or even tell us to wait, so kudos. It's a quaint place, a lot nicer inside than you would think from the outside. We actually haven't ventured in much before because we were afraid it wouldn't be kid friendly, but it was. Also seems like it would be a great place for a romantic meal as well as power business lunch. Owner even came by to make sure everything was okay, definitely appreciate that nice touch in this day in age.
