I'm going to start by saying that my dining experience here was so bad, I felt the need to make a yelp account So I could write this review.  It was terrible from beginning to end. You walk in, and there's absolutely no waiting area. Not having a waiting area was especially problematic because there was an 8 1/2 month pregnant woman in our party who had to stand.  The staff permitted her to use the first floor restroom so she should have to go down the very narrow stairs, but she had no where to sit otherwise and eventually she had to go find somewhere to sit outside in the cold and wait. Our reservation was for 8 pm but the party before us would not leave.  I've worked in food service so I know there are ways to get people to move along. We weren't seated until almost 9 o'clock. Then it gets even better.  The reserved area for our party downstairs was freezing cold and poorly lit.  The $40 prix fixe menu (which we were forced to order our food from) had few good options, so most of us just settled for whatever.  Also, we were told that even if you didn't eat you'd still have to pay the forty dollars, which is absurd.  Fortunately, someone talked to staff/manager/hostess, I don't really remember, and the ones in our party who weren't eating were only charged for their drinks. As we were ordering one of the busboys dropped some glasses.  A member of our party who was sitting nearby was hit in the face with a shard of glass. When she said she had been hit the servers came over and just stared at her as if she was crazy until she asked for a napkin to wipe the blood dripping from her face. While she was in the bathroom cleaning up, the waitress came over and gave a weak "oh well accidents happen" kind of apology and hurried on to ask us what the rest of our orders would be. Everything wasn't completely terrible though, the biscuits they served as appetizers were delicious, and the person who packed up my food was nice enough to put two fresh biscuits in with my food. On to the entree.  At least three members of our party ordered the salmon off of the prix fixe menu.  Each of the pieces was of  a very different size for each person (no idea why they would do that).  Also, the lucky member of our party who had been hit in the face with glass did not get her entree.  Everyone at the table was nearly done and she was still waiting for her entree to come. Maybe it was because she ordered the chicken and everyone else had meatloaf or salmon, who knows.  We asked the servers twice when her food would be coming, and by the third time we asked even the wait staff was surprised her food hadn't come yet.  Everyone else finished and we were eating dessert when the waitress came over with the chicken entree wrapped up to go and "on the house," which was only slightly redeeming, and frankly with the way the night had gone she certainly should have gotten a free meal.
