Ask me why its 7:30PM and I am home eating my dinner out of take out containers after arriving at Peaches at 4:30PM.  No really,  just ask me. Because Peaches is a HOT MESS and couldn't get food out in a timely manner if their wait staff's lives depended on it! Short story.. I arrived at 4:15PM with two friends, were told they didn't seat for dinner until 5pm, even though the place was clearly still serving and didn't clear out the whole time. Being 6 months pregnant with twins, that was already a problem.  But I decided to suck it up, because I really liked their food and it was the first nice Sunday out.. After 30 minutes in the sun I asked if we could at least sit inside, and not order till 5.  We're allowed in, mind you this makes us the FIRST people in the dining room. Still didn't get water or menus or put in orders till 5:20.   And then.... proceeded to watch dish after dish being brought out to EVERY person who came out and was seated after us.  By 6:15 I was fuming. We didn't get drinks,  we didn't get bread. Had to ask for cornbread to tide us over and were still charged for it!!! We ordered sides, a bowl of grits, and meatloaf.. Anything complicated there?? NO!!!!   Did our waiter come out to say there was a problem in the kitchen?? NO!! By 6:30 I politely told the waiter we had to be somewhere by 7,  needed to take the food to go, and a manager comes out to tell us she's sorry and she would make sure our order was the next up to the Chef.. REALLY?? WHERE WAS IT THIS WHOLE TIME?? And for that ladies and gentlemen, we got 10% off our check.   WTF??? I would be ashamed and embarrassed to run a dining room so poorly.  Yes it's Sunday and one of the first sunny weekends in Brooklyn,  but the dining room wasn't even packed! The food wasn't even that good. I'm home 4 hours later knowing I could have cooked,  ate, and cleaned up in half that time.  WTH did I leave the house for?? Peaches,  you disappointing me and frankly ruined our Sunday out.   I have eaten there MANY a time and even on their busiest nights and never been put through that BS.  You lost a customer.. NEVER AGAIN going to Peaches!!
