I've been eating their pies for YEARS! Simply the BEST tomato ever. Thin crust,  tomatoes and just the right amount of cheese. This is the HUDSON STREET PIE, not Hamilton Avenue (which to me is more a hybrid of NY style and tomato pie, much more cheese). I've eaten theirs over the years as well but, enjoy THIS much more. I prefer charred crust. Those not used to charred crust can order it light. The pies are so thin they can sometimes become well done (They'll always make you a replacement). Many old timers ask for a well done pie. My wife orders it light so I'm pleased when some edges are dark. A treat for me. If your looking for regular pizza by the slice, don't look here. If your looking for delicious Trenton tomato pie, this is it. There are others around that try to make tomato pies and some are pretty good but, I have yet to take anything exactly like this except on Hudson Street years ago and Robbinsville today. One other thing you may not be used to as a newbie is the uniquely shaped slices that only happen at this De Lorenzo's. Their "signature" on every pie. Some triangles, some big, some small, some slivers. You'll see. The waiters are always friendly and accommodating. The salads are a great addition to the menu. The previous location was pies only. I'm glad they didn't add all kinds of new dishes like other restaurants do. They kept the product that Chick perfected years ago. Even the atmosphere although, more contemporary carries the same "friends and family" experience in a sort of "faux city"  community in Robbinsville. Regarding the bathrooms... On Hudson Street, if I had to "go" I'd run around the corner to my grandmother's house on Hewitt Street (ahh when Trenton was nice and safe, Italian restaurants on every corner). Ever since the new place has restrooms I haven't had the urge to go! Hopefully, this will help you understand why people, for DECADES, have waiting patiently to sit down and enjoy their simple masterpieces amongst friends. P.S. BYOB :-)
