I have been to Silk City a few times, but I go for my Birthday (March 2011) with three young ladies who live on my block, and I have never in my life been treated so racist (In My Life). Yes I am a African American, and so are my friends. Besides being stared at like why are you here;  we had the rudest server (Stephen or something, super speedy suspect type) .We get our food missing one order. Later we learn he put in the wrong order in for one of my friends, and instead of taking responsibility for his action he went and told the manager or who ever we switched our order when it arrived. Well I have never had someone come to my table in such a rude manor. The Person who charged over did not introduce his self and began by saying " You come to my establishment and you send your order back and I gotta eat it". I said excuse me sir? He said first you send a burger back and now you don't want the salad. See we canceled the order because we were almost completely done, and our friends food had not came out yet, he said you have half of your food still left and when her salad gets here you will be able to eat with her. I stopped that fool in his tracks and asked him when was the last time he went out to eat and his food comes over twenty minutes from his friends, yet you ordered the same Time! He then said to me "Do You Want It Or Not", I said no I do not and we don't have to come to your establishment again, he shrugged his shoulders and brought us the bill. I have been in the server industry for over eight years, and I never. Sad part is all we wanted to do is enjoy me 3oth Birthday and I live in the same area as the racist establishment.Believe it or not at the time I was speechless, I have be black my entire life which is a struggle, yet I have never felt a place wanted me out asap because I am Black! Then when I grabbed the server to ask why would you go tell your boss that we ordered the wrong thing, would you believe he said look I will just run your card, and he grabbed the credit card to run the 80 bill as if i am not even gonna speak to you. I can not believe it and what should I do!!!!!
