I've been working at a pizza shop for 13 years and have a bit of a pizza obsession. After finding Pizza Brain on tumbler, I decided for my birthday weekend to take a road trip down to Philly (from Boston) because this shop is everything I wish my mine was. 100% impressed with the food, service and atmosphere. Upon arrival, the owner asked if we had ever been before, I said, "No, actually, we just drove here from Boston... you're our first stop." He pulls out a megaphone from underneath the counter and announced it to the crowd. I think here may have been some cheering or clapping or laughter... not sure. I was caught off guard and probably turned bright red and awkward. But it was awesome and totally felt welcomed. Then they hooked us up with a variety of slices while we waited for our pie and showed us the lovely mural in the back. We spoke breifly about how he was excited we knew about the place, and how his dream was to make it on the map as a great tourist attraction. The pizza was awesome, better than I expected. I think one was pulled pork, and the other a dessert pie--which I was skeptical on, but ended up being my favorite. I think it had sliced apples and almonds with goat cheese?--SO GOOD. Spot-on ratios and crisp crust. I generally don't order white pizza, I like the sauce, but went with their recommendation and was not dissapointed. My friend, who was more in it for the adventure than the pizza, also agreed it was the best she ever had. Leftovers still good next day. Was kind of cramped inside, but there's also some outdoor seating. A table in a parking spot (I thought was a neat idea--would never fly in Boston). Plus there's a great ice cream shop next door we finished off at (I think they might be buddies), also great atmosphere with an eclectic selection. They seemed to share their dining spaces.   I don't actually remember the pricing... but whatever it was, totally worth it. You can see their excitement/love for pizza in the establisment and in the food. I'd make the trip again.
