I am almost at a loss of words to describe how utterly amazing and memorable my meal was at EMP. From start to finish we felt pampered by the incredible staff and were blown away by the creativity and whimsical nature of the menu - the food told a story about New York's history and the vast majority of the courses tasted at least as good as they looked (the only misses for me were likely due to personal likes/dislikes rather than to anything being wrong with the cuisine). EMP now has a single tasting menu for $195, approximately fifteen courses and is exactly the same at lunch and dinner; expect the meal to last approximately three and a half hours.  I never thought I would say this about a meal in this price range, but it actually is a bargain for what you receive! EMP is located across the street from Madison Park in the Credit Suisse building. You walk in to a large open dining room with massive ceilings and there is instantaneously an elegant vibe. Tables for two are quite large and roomy and seating comfortable; there is very pleasant and tasty modern decor. The view out the windows of Madison Park reminded my wife and I bit of the pleasant ambiance and view in one of our favorite Chicago restaurants, North Pond, but the cuisine and experience was very similar to my favorite restaurant, Alinea (of which EMP is in the midst of doing a collaborative project). The main difference between the two venues is Alinea has more of a modernist focus where each dish has a theatrical presentation and EMP strikes a balance between playful and serious courses. From the moment you are seated at EMP you are treated royally, but the servers despite being so polished are incredibly friendly, chatty and down to Earth - by the end of the meal you feel like you have developed a friendship with them. One aspect of EMP that I love is that even though it is a tasting menu, they want you to be comfortable with your food and encourage you to state not just any allergies you have, but any dislikes or aversions you have. They listen to this in earnest and flawlessly accommodate all reasonable requests making great tasting substitutions without detracting from the presentation. This makes experiencing EMP approachable for a finicky eater who appreciates high end cuisine, but is nervous about tasting menus. Interesting side note, we asked what the oddest request our server has received and he indicated that one diner claimed to have a salt allergy! The first several courses are a series of Amuse Bouches and all were excellent with my favorites being a play on the classic Black & White cookie (this one was served in a gift box and was savory with Parmesan and black truffle) and a Cucumber snow dish. There are also some shared courses (my favorite being carrot tartare that is prepared in a meat grinder tableside and accompanied by a fun tray with all sorts of fixings so you can doctor it up to your liking) .There are also four courses where you choose the main ingredient (you can either be surprised by the preparation or ask for a description before ordering). Prior to the desserts there is an extremely fun cheese course delivered in a picnic basket; along with the cheese is a pretzel and a really tasty beer made special for EMP. At the start of dessert your server rolls a cart tableside and whips up the best egg cream imaginable.  Then come the desserts followed by mignardises served with a magic trick as well as some apple brandy and finally some parting goodies to take home. Unlike some of New York's other top notch venues, EMP has really reasonably priced adult beverages. They have a wonderful cocktail list (with most costing $15), my favorite was the Manhattans - they have several varieties and the bartender rolls up a special cart tableside and creates it in front of you. There is a vast wine list with mostly expensive choices, but there are some under $100 and most of the wines by the glass run just under $20. We had the privilege of receiving a kitchen tour as a little intermission before the dessert courses. While inside the kitchen we were treated to the most amazing gin based cocktail made with pop rocks and frozen with liquid nitrogen; this rivaled any cocktail I have consumed at my favorite lounge (The Aviary in Chicago) and was such a treat to drink this inside the kitchen. My wife and I were truly touched by how well we were treated at a restaurant we were dining at for our first time. This was more than just a phenomenal meal but an amazing, unforgettable experience. This ranks as the second best meal I have ever had (with Alinea being number one) and came extremely close to supplanting Alinea for my number one spot. EMP is truly a destination restaurant and an absolute must for dining enthusiasts. A big thank you EMP for being the highlight of a great vacation; I will definitely be back next time I am in New York and will be returning to New York sooner than I had anticipated just to experience EMP again.
