Visit #1.  *   Stopped in a couple days after it opened for dinner.  Place was crowded but got a seat at the bar.  Nice beer selection but everything was ~$1 more than at similar establishments.  Unfortunately, they didn't have lots of the bottles listed.  Server indicated that maybe by the end of the week they would have them.  I'll give them a pass based on possible delays from the storm but the server at least could have explained that before I tried to order a few. The food was what really dragged this place down for me.  Very little to choose from for a vegetarian so I went with the falafel burger.  The bread was a small hamburger bun you'd get at a supermarket.  There was a little spread on it and some onions but it was tasteless and forgetful.  Came with fries but that's a stretch - maybe a dozen skinny fries like the ones served at McDonalds.  They didn't come with ketchup or any dipping sauce nor was I offered any.  Put this all on an oversized plate and it looked downright laughable.  Probably the worst gastropub meal I've had in the 3 years I've been in Philly. About twenty similar places within walking distance I'd visit before going back. Visit #2.  ****  Better.  Sat at the bar.  Had a couple of nice beers and enjoyed a soup which was actually very good. Visit #3.  **   C'moooon.  I want this place to be good.  Stopped in for happy hour on a Friday evening.  Awesome beers as usual at amazing happy hour prices.  Had two beers and the Brussels sprouts.  Beers were better than the sprouts which were just meh.  Asked to cash out.  Only problem was the management had decided to reboot the computer system in the middle of happy hour so the bartenders were left helpless.  Sat there for a good 20-25 minutes waiting.  Bartenders were apologetic and offered a couple of free tasters.  Could tell they were more frustrated than I was. Overall.  **   Go here for happy hour.  Can't beat it.  Half price on every draft and the lineup normally stacks up with the best in the city.  I still can't recommend the food though.
