I was fortunate enough to celebrate my three year anniversary with my boyfriend at The Little Owl. Truth be told we had tried multiple times to snag a reservation in this tiny restaurant but to no avail. Lucky for us they had room at 7pm on a tuesday night. Now I tried to let my excitement over finally getting in the door go so as to write an unbiased review. We were greeted by a very kind host who introduced us to our waiter using my full name. Both gentlemen were accommodating and sincere right off the bat. We were eve offered a choice between a small table for two or a larger corner table for three but with another party coming tow hours after us. We are to ones to linger after a meal is done so we chose the roomier location with a great view of the intimate space. I must say I really loved the simple, homey decor, and the clientele in Owl were well put together and unpretentious, such a nice change of pace. Our server was absolutely wonderful. He didn't pressure us with the wine list or suggest menu choices with a little too much fervor. He was relaxed and calm all the while accommodating as well. I think this is one of The Little Owl's biggest assets. With a size so small, the wait staff can be attentive without being overbearing. It is easy for them to see when you are finished with your dish or if you need more silverware etc. from a distance and assist you promptly! Chris ordered the lamb t bone with goat cheese gnocchi and we were both blown away at both the gorgeous plating of this dish as well as the shear amount of food served. The Owl may be little but the lamb is not! The lamb itself was very tender and juicy with a slight smoky flavor that blended incredibly with the rich thick goat cheese gnocchi. I ordered the sautéed skate served with a spinach and lobster salad. The skate was cooked to perfection, light and flakey, and paired nicely with the fresh spinach and vinegar based dressing. The little bits of lobster were a welcomed addition! For dessert we had the raspberry beignets and the rhubarb crisp and honestly both were to die for. I could have eaten plate after plate if my stomach would have allowed. The beignets were warm and soft, complimented by a tangy raspberry filling and an outside of cinnamon sugar. Just to make the whole dish even better, the beignets were served on a bed of nutella (as of waiter frankly told us "nutella right out of the jar!"). The amble serving of rhubarb crisp was something from heaven. The warm crumble on top tasted like my grandma's biscuits and paired perfectly with the tangy rhubarb filling. The dish was only intensified by the dollop of fresh vanilla ice cream. As the ice cream melted, the flavors all blended to create a subtle mix of sweet, sour, and butter. It was a delicious meal, one to be remembered for many years, and just because I thought it was cool, as we were finishing up dinner, Meryl Streep walked into the restaurant and took a seat at the table next to us!
