Check their hours online on a Saturday night (yesterday). Grab wine and rush over after seeing their web site states 10:00 pm closing time. Arrive at 9:20. Walk in and have a waiter to our right wiping down tables.  He stops what he is doing to give us a frustrated look, as in "ugh, really? I thought we were done for the night."  Because of this, my boyfriend asks "are you open?" to which the waiter replies that they are open and after a couple seconds of hesitation, points to middle booths and tells us to sit there. We sit down. I look to my right again where I see three other waiters gathered around a table, not customers, all waiters. All 3 of them are giving us the same exact look as the greeting waiter, except their looks  are more blatant and much more annoyed. The expressions were absolutely ridiculous as they stood there, completely stopping what they were doing to look around  at everyone else working there to show their annoyance with the fact that we were seated. At that point, I let them know that I was totally fine with leaving because I could tell there was a problem.  Then they played dumb and acted like nothing was wrong, but it was obvious.  When my boyfriend agreed to leave after seeing their reactions, I knew I wasn't imagining the looks, and we got up to leave. To the restaurant's credit, the greeting waiter did ask what happened as we exited the restaurant. I told him we had gotten nothing but dirty looks since we walked in and didn't want to bother anyone with our business. We proceeded to walk back to the car and a manager or owner, unfortunately I can't remember what his title was, did chase after us and asked what was wrong. We told him, he offered to talk to the waiters, invited us back in multiple times, but I was more than over it and had lost my appetite. We declined the offer to re-enter the restaurant, caught fireworks on our drive home and got delivery from another pizzeria, which was delivered to our door with a smile. Let me add that I checked my phone when we got back into the car and it was 9:28. Still 32 minutes till close after all that.  If we had walked in at 9:55, I could understand not being served. 9:40, ok I understand a frustrated look from a waiter who wants to be done and go out for the night. But 40 minutes before closing, sorry, it's unacceptable. Especially with how blatant they were when standing 3 feet from both us! It's a shame as I have taken multiple friends and family members there because I love their pizza.  I was taking my boyfriend there for the first time so he could try it too. If I ever go back, it will be for takeout only and it will be HOURS before closing time so that we do not run the risk of inconveniencing anyone. 0 stars for service. 4 for the pizza (from past experience). Averaged out to 2 stars.
