The plan for a group of 12 ladies was to see a chick flick at the AMC nearby and to have dinner and drinks to discuss the movie and do what a large group of women do...talk, eat and drink. Several days before we went, I made the reservations. We arrived at Dragonfly after the movie and at the time we said we would. We were told that our group was not on the reservation list but there would be a 15 minute wait. Some of the ladies went to the bar, which I heard was terrible, and the others went to the waiting area because there wasn't enough space for all of us to go to the bar and/or the waiting area. I kept checking with the hostess and was told each and every time I checked there was a large party leaving and it would be 15 more minutes. An hour and 15 minutes later, we went to the hostess and asked why we were not seated in an area that was empty and could accommodate all of us. We were told that it was reserved for another large party.  Two men, who I thought were managers or owners of the facility came out and spoke with us. One was clearly trying to work with us and the other was saying let them leave. When we sat down, they started to question our reservation. I showed them the time we called and gave the name of the person who I spoke with at the time of the call. At that point, one of the gentlemen, and I am using that word loosely, said that I did not request to speak with him, as he is the manager at the establishment, when I made the reservation. I told him that I didn't know I had to speak with a manager when I called and this is the first time I had heard of such practice. They continued to challenge the reservation until we decided to leave. Judging by all the Yelp comments, this is not a well-managed place. This establishment, yes...I used the word loosely, is in desperate need of customer service training. The management lacks the basic capacity to admit they have made a mistake. How could you allow 12 hungry women to walk away? If you enjoy being treated like dirt, I would imagine this is your place. If on the other hand you demand a more professional demeanor from the restaurants you give your hard earned money to for a good experience, stay as far away from this place as possible!!!
