I start off by excusing my way through the supremely crowded hallway. As I am waiting to check in with the hostess I glance at my watch. The time tells 8:37 p.m. I am actually on time for tonight's reservation. We are dining at Kanella, Chef Kostantinos Pitsillides,  new Grecian byob. After reading Craig Laban's three bell review I am making the hypothesis that everyone in the city decided to do the same on this night. According to Laban, Konstantinos cooks with a strong passion for simple pleasures. As we wait, I find myself in the corner staring at a eclectic older crowd. I ponder in my head whether or not I should uncork my bottle of red. After a very quick thought I pour the first glass. The hostess promises it will only be a 15 minute wait. As hour passes and two glasses of wine later I am tempted to leave. If two gentlemen on their way out from dining did not tell me their food was to die for I would have exited stage right. As tables start to clear, my soon to be waiter in his over the top manner, explains how amazing he is and how our dining experience is a bout to be the same. It actually did come off quite hilarious but it may have been just the wine talking to me. He tries to spat off some semi-charming, semi-rehearsed diddi and tells us he will be back to cover the specials. The only important part to clearly remember from the specials is how he made it a point that he only had one filet catch of the day left. And that if one of us wanted it we should claim it now. The beautiful blonde accompanying me graciously took him up on that. Now being a strict paleo dieter, there was not much beyond that for her to eat. So when he came back in 20 minutes later telling us he had no more filet we were not to happy. An hour wait with a reservation, odd crowd, an over the top waiter, and now no fish. I am wondering if Laban had a few glasses of wine himself before he sat down. The shrimp and cous cous appetizer is ordered to replace her meal. I went in the direction of the bureki and grilled doubled pork. The gentlemen who almost left his date for the pork convinced me it was the way to go. Now when I dine out I typically call this my cheat meal for the week. I don't go crazy off the paleo path just the bureki. A flaky pastry filled with seasoned feta, dripping off is thyme nectar which comes straight off a honey dipper. Its look is more delicious than its actual taste.  Chef K comes to our table visibly upset and apologizing for the mistake. He insists that I enjoy my meal complimentary on his behalf.  Throughout the meal he visits several times during the meal. At this point you can see his pride in customer service. I love that in a chef, coach, whoever. Passion for what you do goes along with me. We are invited back for complimentary meal at our request. As my pork hits the table, I am wondering how I am going to enjoy this at all with no filet coming. The pork's sauce is so powerful it almost took over the pork's flavor. My love for pepper runs deep but it is noticeably negatively affecting my dish. I ate the remainder due to my level of hunger. The apologies continue from the staff and Chef K. He is insisting that we come in soon for a another chance to cook for us. the best part of the experience was Konstantinos's reaction to all the mistakes. He visibly has pride in what he is doing. Even though they over booked reservations, were unprepared, and screwed up our order I may entertain the idead of heading back. Stay tuned for part two.......
