Yes, i am giving only one star. I was googling "best Pancake in NYC" on an early Sunday morning because i haven't had pancakes in a very long time and i felt like looking for a place that has a real homemade pancake like i would do them at home. So "Clinton Bakery" popped up and my partner and i made us on our way to Clinton St. A very long line of annoyed/waiting people in front of their cafe welcomed us. The hostess inside informed us that the waiting time will be 2,5 h if we want a table. The hostess yelled into the crowd for everyone to keep them posted.  I had to say " i'll pass" and we've decided to have breakfast somewhere else. All other people remained strong and wanted to keep waiting. The long waiting time made me feel the pancakes there must be really good. Two months later we called Clinton Bakery spontaneously in order to ask how long the waiting time would be and they said 1,5 h. ( both times on the weekend) Last week by coincidence i had an appointment at Clinton St so i just walked across the street on a late Sunday afternoon to Clinton Bakery and the waiting time was then "only" 45 min. My partner and i wanted to try it out this time. Finally after waiting the 45 min we got seated and I've ordered:  ("Pancakes with Warm Maple Butter, Wild maine blueberry, banana walnut, or chocolate chunk  $14" ) as written on the menu. I got asked what i want and i mistakenly thought there is at least blueberries or a banana included  I  said want the  "chocolate chunk". 15 min later. I got served a high pile of layered pancakes with chocolate chips inside and i must say the pancakes were the worst and cheapest diner quality i ever ate in my life. The pancakes are made of some kind of instant powder maybe such as "Aunt Jemima", and tasted terribly dry and the flavor wasn't good either of course. Actually the pancakes had were abolutely flavorless. it was hard to swallow it down.  The chocolate chips were soft end melted inside but that did not help. It came with a creamy caramel sauce on the side  too less to overcome this dryness and the pancakes were hard to eat. I noticed after 5min that i had to add much more syrup, in order to be able to eat it. ( i actually dont like too much sugar) My boyfriend said in the same moment:" Is your pancake also this bad as mine? and we both agreed on, that the " best Pancakes " as written in new York Times are not made at Clinton Bakery. Then you can also take the time and go to one of the Irish Diners in Sunnyside, Queens. There you would really get a 3 times better prepared " instant powder" pancake and they make it taste softer with a rich flavor and serve you a richer or nicer decoration with more exciting ingredients. ( a bit ice cream ,or fruits, whip cream, or anything else.) The pancakes at Clinton Bakery were utmost simple. The other pancakes at Clinton Bakery come only with some blueberry sauce and blueberries, maybe the artificial caramel sauce on the side. Or just banana and walnut etc. Hope this helps to give you an authentic impression. I haven't tried a burger there and we won't come back. The waiting times are so or so uneccaptable, especially if it gets colder outside.
