I made my small party hike down Houston St. on the Lower East Side on a super windy day for the chance to try Gaia's food. And I am so glad I did! Gaia is in a basement location with the appeal and atmosphere of a cool coffee shop. The decor is minimal, with some cute maps and ads from Italian magazines on the walls, and an eclectic array of chairs and tables. Somehow, it all works, and it makes for a very comfortable, casual experience. But the food is anything but casual! I was very impressed with everything. When we walked in, Gaia informed us that she ran out of bread and that she would need time to make more, so we could either wait or come back. We chose to wait, and ordered a chicken cutlet salad and a tegamino of potatoes and meatballs (tegamino means frying pan, but all these dishes are baked in the oven and served in a metal bowl). While we waited, Gaia kindly offered us a simple arugula salad with chicken and tomatoes to start- delicious! I could not wait for the rest of the food! Gaia seems to work with the mantra of 'simple food made with good ingredients,' and she does it very well, taking great pride in her work. Our appetizer course was fantastic, and we quickly ordered some panini to follow. The bread at Gaia is a focaccia, but very thin and crispy, and oh-so-tasty. The eggplant was delicious, the mozzarella was delicious, everything was delicious. We ate every last crumb. Gaia the owner is fantastic and super friendly. She has that dry Italian sense of humor and is quick to tease, but she clearly loves to serve good food to good people. She will let you practice your Italian and might even give you some tips! Her mamma provides some baking assistance at the cafe. If she has any rosemary lemon cookies, GET THEM! You will leave with a smile. You will also leave with some cash left in your pocket! The prices are almost too low to be true! Our entire meal for four people cost less than $35. Unbelievable. Gaia Italian Cafè will be a regular stop for me in the city, even if I have to go out of my way to get to the lower east side! Stop in for some truly authentic Italian food - si mangia bene!
