My husband and I have eaten here at least once a week, if not 2-3 times a week, ever since they've opened.  The food is excellent, and believe me, we've tried everything on the menu many times over.  We are big fans of bistro food and think Le P'tit's menu is pitch-perfect. Personal favorites are the onion soup (really and truly the best I've had outside of France), the hanger steak, the crab and mango salad, the rainbow trout and the pork chop.  Their specials tend to be very good, too, and we try them regularly.  If they are ever serving the lobster salad do not miss out!  Same goes for the monk fish special. The prices are reasonable and the brunch is one of the best deals in Brooklyn at $10 and just the idea of their ham and cheese crepe with salad gets my mouth watering every weekend morning.  Their coffee is fantastic - it's the only time I ever drink 3 cups in a day. Their desserts are very good, but since they took the warm chocolate cake with tangerine sorbet off the menu we've felt very sad.  Not that we miss it too much,we don't often have room for anything after dinner, but if we are craving something sweet after eating, there's nothing to fear - every meal comes with handmade chocolate truffles that are brought with the check. I gave the place 5 stars based on the food, but it's not perfect.   The decor is fairly lame - a couple of pics of the Eiffel Tower thrown up randomly do not class the joint up.  They'd be better off just leaving the brick walls alone.  And the mirror with a motto in French etched on it looks like something my little sister did in home ec.  Also, our favorite waiters seem to have left and there is one young guy who doesn't have any sort of memory -  his attempts to upsell us on wine and dessert are annoying after the 2nd or 3rd time we've declined.  Also, even though we go there so often, it has taken almost a year for them to notice we are regulars, which is odd in a place so small.   None of that is enough to keep us from going back over and over, though.  The food is worth it.
