El Rey attempt to be what Jose Garces' Distrito is, but fails horrible, on a grand scale I went here last night with my girlfriend for dinner, with high hopes of trying Starrs newest resturant. In terms of appearance, the lighting and overall atmosphere are all well suited for the overall resturant feel. we were told our wait would be 15 minutes, which ultimately turned into an hour. this wasn't unsurprising due to the relative "compactness" of the resturant. When we were finally seated, our waitor was relatively friendly and somewhat educted in the menu and it's specialties. We order the overpriced chips and guac, the entire time we felt that the chips were overly oily whereas the guac was lacking flavor but tttempted to mask it with large chunk of avacado in the guac. Next we had the campechana ceviche. the whitefish and shrip paired well but the ceviche sauce tasted like cocktail sauce from a can. An insult to an educated pallet. We continues to have the arabes taco and skirt steak. The plating of these items felt akward and unattractive, an though they were just thrown onto a oblong plate. The skirt steak was actually done well and was surprising flavorfull, but the arabes was overly dry. Due to our long wait our server brought us a complementary black bean enchilades. I've never been one to turn down free food, but after two bites of the extremely oily and bland enchilades I put it down, and decided to wait for our final course, Los moles. I was actually looking forward to trying this after being thoroughly dissapointed by everything else, but once it arrive it became much of the same. The dish was so-so, for lack of a better word, with no clear  winner between the three choices of mole Negro with lamb, poblano with chicken, or the pipian rojo with pork. We didnt finish any of them infact, and choose to skip dessert. Our overall dining experience wasn't negative, due to the friendly staff and decor to distract you, but the food was not creative or innovative in an manner. As a whole if you are looking for quality tapas style dining you'll be better served and more satisified if you go to Distrito. Steven Starr receives an epic fail for this attempt.
