This is by far one of the best Jose Garces resturants. Although I am a little spoiled because my boyfriend works for the company, I have to say that it does not get better than this. This past week my boyfriend and I went back to Tinto for the second time(mostly for the scallops) and had an 8:30 reservation, and we're seated until 9:30pm because the people who we're seating where we were supposed to be we're taking too long. But this was not a problem and we sat at the bar, and we're brought a couple of snacks after multiple apologies. We started with the tuna tartare sandwich as well as the oyster, which were both very tasty with bold and fresh favors. We also munched on the spiced meatballs, which was served in a skillet with sauce and an egg over the top with the perfect amount of spicyness. The lamb brochetta was very playful, cooked perfectly and paired with the sweet but creamy sauce. The duck was also very olayful served with two cherries that gave the perfect amount of sweetness. The main reason we chose to go back to Tinto was the scallops. They are the best food that I have ever eaten. They are cooked perfectly with a nice sear, and have the perfect blend of sweetness with the bed of goods that they lay on. It is so fantastic i could eat it as dessert!! The octopus was also another thing that I have added to my list of reasons to go back. It was seared perfectly so that the outside had a nice chared look and the inside was not too chewy or slimy. They were served with a chili sauce that added a nice spice. For dessert, we ordered the chocolate tart, and was surprised that the the almond cake had been sent our way as well! They were both fabulous and presented beautifully. Not only was the food good,  but the service was truly impeccable. Our server was Dave and he was very knowledgable and energetic, even toward the end of the night. When each dish was brought to the table it was explained throughly. Water and drinks were brought before you even realizes that you needed more. Everyone was nice, had a smile on their face and it was nice to see the guys in the kitchen working. We had a fabulous night and we can't wait to go back!
