I had an unpleasant experience at Escape. First of all, when you walk into a restaurant that touts local food sourcing you don't expect to see red and white peppermints in CVS wrappers at the hostess stand nor do you expect Coca Cola to be on the drink menu. But having said that I was open to experiencing wonderful dining. I recently moved to Montclair and have had the pleasure of dining out a bit and have been mostly wowed with the restaurants. Greek Delight was the only restaurant I did not really like out of nearly 20 I tried. Back to Escape... Our  waiter was nice but lacking in experience and the maitre d' was neither helpful nor gracious. The smoke alarm sounded for nearly one half hour in the middle of our meal and during this time all we got was some bread with no explanation. It was a little surreal. It was like the elephant in the room that the staff was doing their best to ignore, but couldn't. Prior to the interruption we were served our first courses. I had ordered the prix fixe meal and my friend ordered a la carte. We started with bread which was neither here nor there; a couple of slices of something unremarkable paired with a couple of very small pieces of cornbread. I don't remember what my friend ordered so I won't speak to her experience. The scallop dish, which was either my first or second course, was quite good. While small it was not out of line with what I would expect in a multi-course meal. But it went way downhill from there. As I mentioned before, we endured blaring noise for nearly a half hour only to wait for another half hour for our entrees. I ordered the pork chop, which when served, was tepid at best and way overcooked and dry. The touted ingredient which I believe was a wild mushroom, maybe a morel, was barely present. When it came time for desserts, I asked if I could get the cheese course, after all, it was Bobolink whose cheeses I adore. I even had some in the fridge at home. The maitre d' said it could not be included with the prix fixe meal. It was I believe $12 when the other desserts were $8, but don't quote me on the prices. At this point, I looked at him and said, "Really?" He begrudgingly relented, it didn't feel good. To add insult to injury, the cheese platter arrived with pieces of cheese that must have been left out unwrapped for a week. They were inedible and most unreflective of Bobolink and kind of disrespectful to me, as well. The maitre d' could have made everything right by simply offering to include a slightly more expensive dessert to compensate for our less than stellar experience. Had he done that, I would have left with a good feeling and maybe a willingness to try Escape again, but he didn't. One last thing. I got the feeling the communication between the front and the back staff of the restaurant was not good. Towards the end of the meal there was a ruckus in the kitchen. It sounded like it had gotten out of control. So that's it. I was disappointed. I really looked forward to the meal. I love restaurants that promote local growers, but you can't win every time. Postscript: The day after the meal was Mother's Day and I was in Whole Foods buying flowers. In front of me stood a man in a chef's outfit. I overheard him talking to the woman in line in front of him. He introduced himself as the chef from Escape. I probably missed an opportunity to speak to him directly, but I didn't want to bother him.
