To pre-empt the local naysayers and their "Oh, just another tourist" comments; I grew up just outside the Philly area for 36 years. Although I live on the west coast now, I dearly miss all that is sacred to my past life; italian hoagies, questionable street corner soft-pretzels, boardwalk slices, NJ grease trucks and... the daddy of it all, PHILLY CHEESESTEAKS! It is not a culinary art to this... chopped beef, American, Provolone or Wiz, optional FO, peppers, mushrooms, etc. all sandwiched into that unmistakeable South Philly roll. Fast forward to the other day... My wife and I are packed and ready to get out to the east coast for our annual visit. We were excited to see family and old friends, but what we jokingly talk about and look forward to all year is catching up with our favorite foods. We vowed to have a cheesesteak in our hands within a short time of landing at PHL! We pick up the car and jet up  to Passyunk & 9th ASAP.  She had never been any further down in the past than Jim's on South so we decide to get one of each and let her decide what she likes. We park, mosey up to Pat's, order an American, get a good-old grumpy smile, "Thanku!" and move on. On to Geno's; oohs and ahhs for all the neon, it used to never get old to see. Joey was always proud of his palace! We step up, pay for a Wiz Cheesesteak with FO and then step to the side to the condo-counter. Yeah, now here it comes... Needing a quick squirt of ketchup I get in line with one other patron with no one else behind me. So while standing there, mind you as a paying customer of both establishments, the older woman at the second window leans out and screeches "Oh no, don't use that ketchup!" Our little line freezes like she was trying to tell us the ketchup was bad, empty, etc. NO, it was not the case, she proceeds in saying towards the man in front of me "Oh no, not you sir, you're fine, get what you need." Then pointing her finger out the window and waving her hands around "You, I mean you, get outta' here with that crap!"  In front of my wife;  a first and last time customer, in front of dozens of patrons; adults and children, in front of police officers on the corner, now taking interest in me like I was causing this... (Huh?) She says again "I said get outta here with that crap, you don't use our counter, get back across the street." In my disbelief I ask her if she was joking and proceeded to explain I just bought a Geno's steak 30 seconds prior. Nothing, same stonewall, same yelling. I ask for a manager to come out, an older gentleman sticks his head out the window and yells "Are you friggin' deaf, leave!"  Now the grill boys and back of house staff crowds to the windows and doorways with the same malice. I admit it; I then yelled back, I cursed, I was furious, I was insulted and I was humiliated in front of my wife and strangers. The curses follow me as I get off the curb and walk away back to Pat's past the gauntlet of keenly interested boys-in-blue. I do not care what your schtick or marketing gimmick is... I do not care that times are tough and budgets are tight... I do not care that you might have been having a tough year... No matter what ones company does it all boils down to customer service. It does not matter if they are shrouded in filthy rags buying a $2 whiskey shooter or in Oscar de la Renta buying their third Mercedes; each and every customer deserves every bit of dignity and respect as the next. No exceptions, even if you have to lie through your teeth while holding your nose because of their smell... All are treated with respect. This establishment did not show that they knew and/or cared to exhibit this very basic business practice. If so, I would have completely understood that "No Outside Food or Drink" meant more than just someone sitting at their tables eating a ham sandwich. We did not intend to even sit at their tables. I had done the same action for decades before without this consequence. She could have politely, privately and/or quietly asked me to move on, it actually means their condiments also.   In retrospect now that we reflect on the actual consumption of each steak safely back at Pat's tables, my wife honestly remarked that the Geno's Steak bread was so-so and the "fried" onions she ordered with it were closer to the side of raw than the latter. My Pat's American with FO was enjoyable despite the incident, I tore thru it and then a second reorder in five minutes. The roll was soft, the onions and beef seemed fine; but I can't honestly give my latest review of a Pat's steak with certainty,  I just wanted to get out of the area as quick as possible; I was humiliated and my wife was deeply embarrassed. All due respect to the late Mr. Bento, I apologize if I slighted your house. But I am deeply disappointed that a company believes they can treat anyone in this manner for any reason. All this over 9/10ths of a cent worth of ketchup...
