OVERVIEW: As the name implies, this place specializes in Hot Dogs, plain or with whacky and esoteric toppings or specially designed to match dogs from great American cities. It also puts great focus on European-style French Fries with various Dipping Sauces, as well as homemade and local Sodas. Though small, the place is packed with great illustrations of the different dogs, prints of which are available for purchase. MY MEAL: The first thing any hot dog joint worth its casing needs is a solid wiener, which this place definitely has, very flavorful with a nice red casing, top notch. They also had above-average rolls that are solid enough to hold their own with all the toppings. My dog was the Philly Phish Dog, which was surrounded by a fried fish cake with "pepper hash" and brown mustard. I had previously had the Texas Hold-EM, which had bacon, cheese, scallions and BBQ sauce. Both were some of the best hot dogs I'd ever had. My girlfriend had a Fiesta Dog using a Tofu wiener, which she loved. We also had their fries with 3 sauces; Chipotle Malt Vinegar, Curry Aioli, and Honey Mustard, all of which were great. VARIETY/OPTIONS: As a mixed Vegetarian/Non-Vegetarian couple, we REALLY appreciate solid vegetarian options, and the tofu dogs are a fine substitute for the real thing. Tons of variety on possible dogs, sodas, and french fry dippers makes this place have incredible return visit potential (my second time personally). They also have a special dog and side dish each month it seems, often contest winners of some type, to keep things fresh. VALUE: These are pricey as hot dogs go, usually $6 each, but they are delicious enough to warrant it. Also, considering two people can fill up on $20, its a fine value overall. ATMOSPHERE: This place is a bit small, but has a vibe that mixes hipster, artistic, foodie and family-friendly all together. Not the most comfortable seating arrangements (all stools, wooden tables) but a nice place to relax VERDICT: One of the best hot dog joints I've ever been to. The small venue, and the fact that it wasn't life-changingly outstanding stops it from getting 5 stars, but for hot dog lovers it is a MUST try, likely revisit.
