This is a story about a buffet that started with high ambitions and decent food.  Over the last few months, I have eaten here 6 times.  The first time was a real treat.  The wait in the lobby was about 30 minutes.  The place was absolutely packed and there was a good high energy vibe to the place.  Everyone seemed to be having a good time (Guests and staff). The food was plentiful with lots of choices and frequent replenishing.  There was several varieties of shrimp, lots of sauteed veggies, sushi that was above average.  It wasn't outstanding sushi, but it was fresh and tasty. Each subsequent visit has gotten just a little bit worse.  This visit tonight will be my last.  The food was barely recognizable as food.  Everything was fried and everything else was brown.  They have extended the selection to a whole table full of just soup.  There was only 1 option that had shrimp.  It was mixed in a pool of white goop with fake crab meat (Surimi) and other mysterious items from the sea (might have been calamari?) They have almost entirely switched over from Asian style food to accommodate the troglodytes from 'murica  There was pizza, macaroni and cheese, French fries, kielbasa... It was so out of place.   The few Asian selections that were available were flavorless and room temperature.   The dessert selection were stale frozen pastries and individually wrapped pieces of frozen pie like they serve in Fast Food restaurants.   The staff used to be polite as they hurried you into leaving so they could turn the table.  Tonight's experience was just plain aloof.  They couldn't care if we stayed, left, or were even there at all.  Our waitress literally said less than 10 words to us in 90 minutes.  She took drink orders, then just disappeared.  She would swoop in and take away plates, but without comment or eye contact. It seems like the place has just given up.  The overall experience tonight was just sadness.  There were burnt out light bulbs over tables, our table was so rickety that we had to avoid touching it as we ate because it would rock the drinks. The food was so low in quality, that it should be avoided by anyone who expects anything more than "Hometown Buffet "- which is notoriously awful. There were screaming children running all over.  That might be a comment on how bad people are in restaurants now. or it could be that the low quality is attracting these types of people. Either way it's hard to enjoy a meal or have a conversation. It's sad to see something that I enjoyed fall to this level so fast. Please do yourself a favor and avoid.
