Summary:  Verbally abusive and possibly racist owner, lack of any customer service, and organization.  This place will get submitted to the Better Business Bureau website for his actions. Montclair lacks Cuban restaurants so it's possible that is the only reason this place is busy.  However, if you're looking for a better overall experience and in search for Cuban or Spanish food, look somewhere else!  Better yet, go across the street to Spicy Thai!  Excellent food and amazing customer service. I have waited and hosted throughout my college years.  I have a solid idea of how a successful restaurant rusn.  The owner needs to invest in Open Table.  Work on organization, rather than having your patrons standing on the stairs, over other patrons seated "trying" to enjoy their meal, or in the way of your staff who "try" to provide an honest service.  Here's a tip, honer reservations so you can keep business and bring business. Seeking a party of 18 on a Saturday, 3 of the 18 arrived earlier - hoping to beat the evening runs.  Given it's a Saturday, we expected to wait.  They walked in with no qualms.  It was our friend's birthday and whatever it took to make her happy on her day, we would make work.  The three members that arrived early in my party had asked the hostess for a table, who directed them to an outside area.  They bumped into the owner who was outright rude from looking at them.  (P.S. We are asians.)  He raised his voice to say, "I would have never sat a party of 18.  You are going to wait 3 hours."  Meanwhile, raising his 3 fingers to denote they didn't know how to count.  They asked him why he was being difficult, we would like some clarification or even just put our names down, etc.  He continuously screamed arguing, "your behavior doesn't belong at my restaurant.  I'm 48 years old and no one should talk to me this way.  This is private property, get out!"  So, they simply walked out. Shortly after, I arrived with two other members of the party.  Upon hearing their story, I was flabergasted.  I didn't believe this was the customer service provided here.  I have dined here before without problems so I offered to speak to the hostess and owner to get some clarification. I walked to the hostess table asking the hostess if I can put my name down for a party of 18 and we were willing to wait.  The owner overheard and raised his voice again, reiterating the story I mentioned above.  However, he included that the member of my party cursed at him and he had a police officer as a witness.  I told him, "I apologize but I'm sure the gentleman you spoke with did not curse at you."  He later took back those same words and said, "He didn't curse at me but he did say something nasty to me."  I asked him if I could speak to the police officer to whom he could not provide this alleged witness.  Then I asked for his name.  He was very defensive and asked, "I'm not the manager.  Why?  Are you an undercover police offcer? I'm not giving you my name."  With my face upset and confused, I asked for the manager, who he pointed to the hostess.  I asked for her name and she offered me silence and a blank stare.  The owner told me, "your business is not welcomed because of the gentleman in your party.  I'm 48 years old and no one should talk to me that way.  Now, get out!"  I began to walk away, confused about the events that just occured. A few feet behind me stood my friend's husband, who is Spanish.  I began to tell him the events, "The owner is so rude, I don't want to eat her anyway..."  Meanwhile, the owner passed right by me, butted into our conversation, and changed his demaner and attitude very quickly.  He offered a calmer tone and an apology - "I"m so sorry we can't serve your party but you understand, that if someone spoke to you that way, you would not want their company here.  I am the owner and 48 years old, it is not acceptable.  Please tell the celebrant I'm sorry."  My mouth dropped.  Was it because the rest of my party was asian?  I was livid.  I stormed out vowing to never dine here and spread the word. Later that week, I called to ask for those names.  The manager is Aura and the owner is Dominick. PLEASE BOYCOTT THIS PLACE!! There are hundreds of other restaurants in the area that serve better food, offer affordable prices, and have a better ambiance.
