My family tries a lot of different food joints, and tend to be very picky about food.  We have had cuban food before and have never been very impressed with other places.  This place changed that.   For appetizers we order garlic shrimp and beef empanadas - both are fantastic!  The garlic shrimp is done perfectly, with a couple of pieces of flattened and toasted slices of bread on the side of it (dip the bread into the garlic shrimp's sauce).  The empanadas de carne are freshly made with an amazing seasoning and perfectly-crisp outer fry to it. Dinner -  I have had the picadillo both times I have been there:  It is AMAZING!!!  I get it on moro ("Special Cuban black rice") and they just compliment each other so well.  My parents have gotten both Pollo Asado and the Cuban Sandwhich.  Both were fantastic.  The chicken falls off the bone and tastes fabulous.  The cuban sandwhich is extremely crisp and freshly made.  The way my dad put it - the last time he had one that good was 30 years ago.   Service - The service is very good; the owner even comes out and touches tables just to make sure everyone is satisfied.  He is a great conversationalist and shows a lot of passion for the business.  He absolutely loves what he does and it shows in the product that comes out of the kitchen.  The rest of the staff makes sure to come out and touch the table to ensure everyone is happy.   Desserts - Tonight is the first night we have had dessert at Yolanda's.  We had both the tres leches and the chocolate flan.  Let me just say I was floored by both!  They were both home-made recipes with the three of us fighting for the last bite!  The tres leches used a rich cake that made it really pop in your mouth with the three milks coming up well on it.  It was not soggy like you find at other restaurants which made it even better.  The chocolate flan was even better!  The flan itself was rich - the texture of it was flawless.   While the place is rather new, it has a very nice aura to it for cuban food.  It could use a little bit of an update in some areas - such as the utilization of a fountain-drink machine; but those are pieces that I believe will come with time.  You definitely have to go in with a little sense of an open mind and looking for something to truly enjoy! I am not sure what else I can say about this place, except you should go try it!  There is eat-in and take out.  Make sure you try it!
