I live in the area and remain very hopeful that this restaurant will grow into the well designed space and serve food worthy of both the chef/owner's talent and the cuisine it emulates. That said, having eaten there last night with the coolest woman in the world before seeing the best play of the year (Becky Shaw), it has a long way to go. I dig the space (though my conscience would be happier if they'd used union labor and not left me wondering why I "crossed the line"). The Campari/Grapefruit/Basil cocktail is really excellent and will be added to my home repertoire. The wine list is tasty. From there it went downhill. We were in Rome in November and ate at one of the places that Vetri went to in doing his research for Amis (and a few others that I found to be superior) and so we were eager to dig into some of our memories. We started with the buffalo ricotta which we had read was divine. The cheese itself is everything I could want it to be - a near proxy for what I remember from Rome. But the bread. Alas the bread. Over oiled. Over grilled. Over-seasoned. A spoon and a drizzle of fleur-de-sel would have been far superior. Heck, as my wife put it, one of our son's sesame-rice crackers would have been better. Result...I'd order it again but ask them to bring me a salt shaker and sliced, unseasoned, ungrilled country bread. The fritto misto. Excellent flavors - fresh anchovies and shrimp, delightful product that is gently treated. BUT...s-o-g-g-y. I don't know any other words for it. We had a basket of fried little fish on the coast near Rome that were all simple crunch without any flair...if they can do it...sigh. The Artichoke. I don't know, this might even have been good in its own right. I ate it. I will even say I enjoyed it. But it was oily, the heart was overcooked and soft, and it really was not even an ugly sibling of the roman-jewish original. Our conclusion... if you want something done right, do it yourself. We concluded our small plates with the Tonarelli. I am still parched from how salty it was though the texture of the pasta itself was spot-on. So I am sure there are dishes well worth the price of admission - no doubt the meats are good (ok, well doubt, but until I hear otherwise I'll stay hopeful) - but based on our first meal at Amis it was a big disappointment. Nonetheless I am happy it is there and can easily imagine sitting at the bar for some food and a drink or three. I will, however, do so with my expectations dialed back, far back, and just enjoy that there's another upscale, lively place in my neighborhood.
