Don't know which was worse the all u can eat pork ribs, the baked beans, corn bread,  some of the uncaring waitresses and/or the manager with the same awful mindset.  I treated my African American self and my nephew to a $23.00 per person all u can eat rib feast at the Percy Street Barbecue on Monday July 23, 2013 at 6:30 PM. Although meaty, the pork ribs tasted freezer burnt and were dry. The baked beans were similar in texture to the ribs, old and/or under cooked. The corn bread was saturated with butter, reminiscent of movie theater popcorn.  I requested corn bread without butter and was rudely told by the waitress its only made with butter.  The collard greens were very good and it was the only thing I finished eating. The waitress did suggest the beef brisket as an alternative so I agreed to try it. Meanwhile, the nosy elderly White couple (primarily the female) sitting next to us within 6 feet watched intently my dissatisfaction with the meal. After finishing their meal, some 10 minutes later, the White female stood up and stated that I was trying to get a free meal which was over heard by the approaching manager (he was also White). The couple then abruptly left as the manager and waitress arrived at our table with the beef brisket. I calmly told the manager that the ribs, baked beans and corn bread were awful and why. Before I could even sample the beef brisket the manager felt I was annoying his customers and it was best that we leave, so we did. I offered to pay for the overpriced drinks, he said it was okay, just leave. Now, had we been White, not Black and male... I believe we would had been treated much differently with a better remedy. We left, drove off and who's walking down South Street, it was the elderly White couple. I stopped along side of them in my 2011 top of the line Acura and flashed a wad of $20 bills at them. I shouted, "Does it look like I'm in need of a free meal?" The White male apologized for his ignorant, prejudice wife. I simply pulled off. I have eaten in some of the best restaurants from Los Angeles to Florida, to New York, this is by far the worse when it comes to food preparation and management. You live and learn, never again! I also had the pleasure of discussing my awful experience with one of Percy Street's regular customers who told me the restaurant is known more for it's beef brisket than ribs. This Brazilian and Asian couple also told me that the best thing I could do was to document my experience and share it with the world. You want a great atmosphere, FRESH, meaty, flavorful, moist all u can eat ribs? Try Bone Lick Park in Manhattan, NYC on Wednesdays and the Margaritas are only $3.50.
