Pizza is good, but other brunch item we ordered was TERRIBLE and not a good experience in general. We can't recommended and won't go back. We peeked our heads at about 3 pm (not busy time) on a Sunday to scan the menu before deciding if we'd go in. It took about 5 minutes for someone to get it for us. I can't eat wheat (not by choice) so the pizza was out. Since they had baked eggs on the menu, when someone finally sat us another 10 minute later they didn't bother to tell us what was 86'd from the menu. The waitress came out offered us drinks and didn't tell us that anything was 86'd we ordered prosecco and lemonade. She spilled the prosecco at the table. We order. She leaves then comes back 5 minutes later to report that they were out of the eggs. I told her I cant eat wheat so there is nothing else for me to choose from. She said that she would see if they could make something on the fly with the other ingredients and that this is an issue they encounter every brunch. Since we were already drinking we said okay fine. She comes back to tell us that they can scramble some eggs and mix the other ingredients in. But the baked eggs are deep dish and pre-made and they are out of that. So I said okay that is fine and thank you. My husbands pizza came out 5 minutes before my egg dish. When my egg dish arrived, it was flavorless and not even warm. They didn't put the cheese in at all and didn't bother to even season them with salt and pepper. The potato had no salt. The side salad on the plate was about 6 leaves of lettuce. I didn't realize I was ordering off the low sodium/low calorie menu. About 10 minutes later the waitress visited a nearby table so we flagged her down and I told her that the eggs are missing the cheese and they tasted really band. She said the meat and eggs dish don't come with cheese. I said, yes they are supposed to. This is the exact description from the menu: Meat with arugula, red onions, fennel sausage, fior di latte and parmigiano reggiano. So she brought out some grated cheese, didn't check the menu and offer an apology for my food missing ingredients. The bill came to over $45  I'd have been better off at any diner and have a much tastier egg dish for about $10.00.
