I have been to Lithos on three or four separate occasions.  For the most part, when choosing a restaurant I prioritize as follows 1. Food  2. service 3. price 4. ambiance.   This review will be catered to my priorities with the clear caveat that good food is the heart of any great restaurant and will often make up for shortcomings in other areas. FOOD-  I make this review with the understanding that I am extraordinarily picky when it comes to the quality, flavor and proper execution of my food.  With that said, I have been thoroughly impressed with the food at this restaurant.  The food here is innovative, full of flavor and perfectly cooked.  For those of us who truly love food, this restaurant is a refreshing addition to this area.  The last time I was there, I had the privilege of meeting the chef, who seemed humble considering the skill and love he clearly poured into the meal that he prepared.  As a recommendation, I suggest the tomato fritters, for an appetizer, but encourage everyone to pay attention to any specials the restaurant prepares because the food will be freshest. Service - The first time I went to this restaurant, I had approximately eight people in my party.  We did not have a reservation and it was a Thursday evening.  Needless to say there were no tables available, however, the hostess asked us to wait for one moment and disappeared.  She quickly returned with the great news that she had worked something out, and we were shown to a table.  At the end of the evening the waiter approached with two bottles of champagne, which were presented by the restaurant as a gift to our table for our friend's birthday celebration.  Each time I have returned the service has been impeccable and I have eaten at the bar as well. Price - I am willing to pay a good amount of money for good food, so this category is relative to the food served.  Lithos is not cheap.  You're easily looking at a $50 bill per person.  This includes an appetizer, entree, drink and dessert.  However the quality and preparation of the food warrants the price.  Enough said. Ambiance- This category is the least important to me, as I would sit on the floor in a hole in the wall if it meant being served delicious and sensational food.  That being said, I understand that some people are not as obsessed with food as I am, and even those who are will need a nice place for a special occasion.  Lithos is that place.  The ambiance is classic yet comfortable.  The owners are friendly, down to earth, and understand that a great restaurant with great food is an avenue for pleasure.   I hope this restaurant continues to lead many more down the path to culinary bliss.
