This is becoming a go-to when we're in this part of Astoria. I like the approach in that MP Taverna offers a number of familiar flavors, but sometimes with little twists. But the twists never come off as pretentious. The overall vibe of the place is nice, straddling that line between casual and a little  more upscale well. On two visits, our servers were friendly and helpful. One word, though. If you can, get a table upstairs. The sound  there is more conducive to conversation with the folks at your table. If your taste in beverages runs to more potent potables, they have plenty of options. I've had a cocktail, the exact name escapes me, that was basically their take on the mojito that was effectively refreshing. Now, as to the food. This will focus more on our visit last night and touch back to one at the end of May. In the two visits, there was only one disappointing dish -- the calamari appetizer. The calamari itself avoided the texture woes, but was curiously lacking in flavor. While this place generally excels at not getting too fussy, this was one instance of erring too far on the side of simplicity. With that out of the way, on to last night. We had three items as apps -- the Octopus with Mediterranean chickpea salad, Grandma's meatballs and the bulgur salad. The Octopus -- Oh. My. Goodness. It is the best octopus dish I've ever had. The texture was perfect, not the slightest bit of rubberiness, with a nice char on the outside. It went very well with the salad, with the pairing of the chickpeas and the octopus proving a great choice. The bulgur salad was a refreshing balance of sweet and salty, soft and crunch. Pomegranates and dates, almonds and olives, red onions and pine nuts. The meatballs came with wedges of soft pita bread, tzatziki sauce and lemon. The texture was more creamy than dense and meaty, but it was solid, if unspectacular. These three were all well portioned apps, as opposed to the sausage one from the first visit, which was tasty, but seemed skimpy by comparison. The mains -- Roasted lemon chicken, grilled dourade, dumplings. I can speak most about the dumplings. Made with ricotta, they managed the nice trick of being pillowy without becoming gluey or overly glutenized. The sauce was a perfect vehicle -- acidity from the tomato (regular and sun-dried), a little funky edge from the feta, spicy kick from garlic and pieces of lamb sausage. My dining companions enjoyed their entrees. The one who had the chicken isn't as big a garlic fan as us, but still enjoyed it, in particular showing appreciation for the crunchy, flavorful skin. The one who had the dourade it was very clean, a fresh grilled fish that met her expectations to the letter. I can't pass without noting an entree from the first visit -- the Greek paella. It is another good option, as they didn't skimp on the seafood. Orzo pasta subs for the rice and the sauce was quite flavorful, resembling nothing so much as a diavolo sauce. Desserts: Baklava apple napoleon and galakataboureko creme brulee The napoleon is a good example of offering familiar flavors in a well-executed, different fashion. Layers of baklava with apple compote inside and a spiked ice cream on the side. It is sort of an apple pie flavor profile, but with the crunchy phyllo and honey, it adds a different dimension. Or, if you prefer, the apple adds a little bit of flavor to cut into what can sometimes be cloying sweetness in a baklava. Oh, and the ice cream was pretty darn good, too. The creme brulee is something we've enjoyed on both visits. The fresh berries cut into it. The crunch from the shredded phyllo set it off. It's not an "OMG, amazing dessert!", but it's pretty darn good. One final note, this place is not a "cheap eats dive", BUT the prices are a good value. Similar dishes would be higher-priced in Manhattan. For example, I highly doubt the dumpling dish would only be $15. All in all, it's a worthy addition to Astoria and well worth the trip for others outside of Queens  (it's a short walk off the last stop on the N and Q lines).
