Here's why you shouldn't go to Geno's Steaks. Of course there was the controversy over the sign posted a couple of years ago requiring customers to order in English and there was a lot of back and forth about this being offensive, possibly discriminatory or a violation of the owner's right to free speech (if only the general public really understood what the right to free speech meant, ugh). Anyway, the owner of Geno's (Joe Vento) led a recent trip with a tour company called Conservative Tours. The company is designed to appeal to more conservative minded folks (no real problem with that, but a little odd considering the group most likely consists of those who are white, correct me if I am wrong). Well this group recently visited Italy led by Joe Vento, owner of Geno's Steaks and the mastermind behind the sign mentioned above about ordering in English at his place of business. Well, word on the street is that Mr. Vento ordered his food in Italy in English or tried to. He had the help of an interpreter when English was not understood by whomever was taking his order. Mr. Vento was also handing out T-shirts to Italians and guests of his tour with his famous slogan about ordering in English. Is this guy that out of  touch that he believes that others should be required to place their orders in English at his establishment, but that he can visit another country (where English is not the native language) and that it's okay for him to not order in that country's language? Yes, he is completely out of touch, out of his mind and beyond hypocritical. Why do the words conservative and hypocrisy always seem to work so well together? Go to Pat's across the street. The steak is better anyway. Geno's may have more flash and more lights, but that is just another example of this man's extraordinary ego. I have always liked the idea that "less is more" plus I would not intentionally patronize an establishment owned by someone who would display such arrogance by demanding something of others that he could not produce himself. Imagine going to Italy wearing that t-shirt and then not even attempting to follow his own belief. Italians shouldn't have to take his order in English especially when they are not welcome to place their order in Italian at his restaurant. Oh, I forgot, it is the Mexicans (or those that speak Spanish) that he was really addressing with that sign. Discrimination and hypocrisy at its finest. Also, I heard the Italians laughed at the t-shirts and thought the guy was a total joke (and not the good kind).
