I have lived in Chinatown for my whole life, and believe me, I have tried almost every restaurant in Chinatown. The few times I have been here, it was because my non-Asian friends were dying to try it and I reluctantly tagged along. I will never understand the hype this place gets, as the food is average at best, and that is being really generous. For those of you who know true authentic Shanghai cuisine, you know exactly what I mean when I say the food is geared towards an American palate. Most of the dishes are way too oily, salty, sweet, drowned in sauce and just not at all the way true Shanghai food is supposed to be prepared or taste. Then again look at the majority of the customers in the restaurant and it makes sense - most are not even Chinese. Living in Chinatown and having many Chinese friends, we all agree that Joe's is for people who don't know what Shanghainese food is supposed to taste like, or for non-Asians. Hardly any locals eat there, which is always a bad sign, people in the know always go where the locals go! Unfortunately people have a herd mentality, and just follow the crowd right over the cliff. Another big problem is the atmosphere and service. Often you will see people standing outside, practically getting run over by traffic and cursed at by pedestrians trying to get by because the filthy street is so narrow. I have heard of people having to wait for up to an hour, and they don't take reservations. Perhaps the grossest thing I have seen more times than I can count is customers who get so tired (more like lazy) waiting that they actually sit on the sidewalk or curb, seriously, were they raised by pigs? Meanwhile at night rats run along that very street, leaving their calling cards, the restaurant puts out its putrid, rotting, leaking garbage right where they're sitting, drunks vomit on it, and dogs, cats and pigeons (bird flu, anyone?) do their business on it as well. On top of that if you've ever been to Chinatown, you know that many immigrants are clueless when it comes to hygiene or basic human etiquette so many of them regularly spit and blow their noses (snot rockets) right onto the sidewalk. I have even seen women do this, it's disgusting and no wonder their country always has these horrible contagious viruses. So if you're sitting on a seat that one of those people who sat on the sidewalk sat in, you're basically bringing a cesspool of bacteria and viruses onto your clothing, your body and into your home. Hopefully you didn't touch anything while you were eating. The tables are seriously overcrowded, unless you're comfortable eating squashed in between strangers like a sardine. Yes, they seat you with strangers if you have less than 10 people, it's extremely unpleasant. The tables, floor and chairs also look dirty, like they don't ever do a thorough cleaning or disinfecting. Also this is the only restaurant I have ever been to where they give you the check before you even asked for it - yes, they are trying to tell you to hurry up and get the hell out after you waited outside for so long to get in. Not a good thing if you're on a date, or want to relax with friends. So which is my favorite restaurant in Chinatown, you may ask? Ironically, it's right down the block at 23 Pell Street, Shanghai Gourmet. Their soup dumplings are the absolute best in Chinatown, hands down better than Joe's in my opinion and also the opinion of all of my Chinese friends. Go ahead and compare, at least you won't have to stand outside for an hour to get in. And you'll see actual Chinese people inside. I might regret letting this secret out!
