This was hands down one of the worst dining experiences that I've ever had in Philadelphia.  Ultimately, Xochitl gets one star because I do not have a "no star" option.  My friend and I dined here last night for restaurant week and had really been looking forward to it.  Neither of us had been before, so we thought Philadelphia's Restaurant Week would be a great place to give it a shot.  WRONG. We arrived on time for our 7 pm reservation and were asked to wait in the bar area until our table was ready.  Not a problem.  And understandable on a Friday evening. Although the restaurant was not at capacity we didn't think twice about being asked to wait. About five minutes later, we were seated and our very nice server came to explain the menu and the customizable guacamole.   We made our guacamole selection and placed the order for the remainder of our 3 courses.  As far as the food goes, the guacamole was the best thing we had.  I ordered sangria that was supposed to have peaches, but instead had grapes and apples.  I'm not saying that's impermissible, but it's totally different.  Lol.  Just saying. Anyway, from there, the courses went down hill.  The four cheese empanadas were a bit undercooked.  My main course, which the waitress described as their signature dish, was ok but did not make a real impression.  And the dessert....the churros.  I thought that was a safe choice.  WRONG.  They're probably normally excellent, but when I bit into it instead of the lovely, sugary sweetness that I was expecting, I tasted onion and garlic and lots of other savory spices.  Perhaps they had a shortage of oil in the kitchen.  Who knows?   BUT HERE'S THE REAL PROBLEM: Our waitress brought us the bill and we were winding down when the manager, Adam, came over to our table and said, "ladies, I hope you've enjoyed yourselves and that you will come again.  If you'd like to continue enjoying yourself, I suggest you go to the bar, but we need the table."  Now is probably when I should point out that there were other vacant tables in the dining room and that the couple next to us was in the process of leaving, But I digress.  Apparently there was some special reason why he needed our table.  So we proceed to stare at him like he was crazy.  He took that as his cue to continue talking.  He said, "we've been TRYING TO WORK AROUND YOU, but you've been here for THREE HOURS and we need the table."  We had not been there for three hours, it was slightly over two, and it was a four course meal. Moreover, we had to wait for our table.  Ultimately, however, if their primary concern is just turning tables and not providing a nice dining experience, then they shouldn't be in the restaurant business, nor should they participate in Restaurant Week.   When we started gathering our belongings, my friend asked the manager to move because he was blocking her chair.  After which he said, "I don't allow people to talk to me like that."  This was unbelievable.   I have never been treated so poorly by a staff member at a restaurant...EVER.  I would not be able to recommend this establishment to my worst frenemy.
