There is nothing good that I can say about this place. Whenever you going to any restaurant (primary place to eat - not a club, not a bar, not a lounge, etc.) you always should judge how good the food is. Below is my experience from last three years going there. First time I went there because I've heard that the guy who won the "Top Chef" title was working there. Last time (a week ago) I left this place without ordering any food -  just because I've learned the management significantly shortened the list of the dishes prepared from the more or less decent/expensive ingredients. Instead they are trying to woo you with a lot of sub-products like oxtail, bone marrow, cock combs, sweetbreads, pork belly, and other stuff that you can bye for pennies in mass, yet they sell it with at least 500% profit. Now - about how good their chefs are (bunch of people in the open kitchen who work in shifts). I really don't know. For sure you can see the way they are making the food served to you from the fresh ingredients. However, maybe they don't have a clue how to make it right? It's a possibility. A delicate foie gras appetizer is served with some rather chinese style chard oversaturated with vinegar. This hour'd'oeuvre is showing not only absence of mastery of mixing the components, but lack of basic cooking knowledge. Thus, the goose liver experience is ended up on rather sour note. I can suspect that the owners/management can claim that they their enterprise is a tapas bar, and they are serving what can be called authentic Iberian rustic food. C'mon guys! First, it is not authentic - go to Madrid or Barcelona to try something Iberian and authentic. Second, it is outrageously expensive for the type of the sub-products served. And third, and last - the service sucks - starting from the hostess, constantly either absent, busy, on the phone etc., and ending up with a bunch of fairies who acted like they are personal butlers to QEII. I understand, waiting tables is a short and insignificant period in their great artistic (rather narcissistic) carrier, but these feminine guys have no idea how to serve the customers well. In the end I understand there are plenty of positive reviews here on Casa Mono; I also understand these reviews are probably coming from the type of Oklahoma city rednecks who are truthfully believe that a cock combs are a delicacy - they never tried anything like that in their whole life. With the current management and the cooking concept I will never go to this place again - maybe Gordon Ramsey will do it for his "nightmare" series. Bon appetite!
