I write this as a Southern transplant (North Carolina) who has been living in NYC for nine years and has spent the better part of the last 3 years enjoying all of the new spots Astoria has to offer and I say without a doubt that Butcher Bar is as top-top-notch as it gets.  The place is very unassuming... we went on a Sunday for lunch because we love to go to any new spot, especially one that is local, organic, etc.  This place did not disappoint in any single fashion.  We got the meal that included 3 meats (you choose... we chose the pulled pork, pulled chicken and burnt ends) and two sides (you choose... we chose the mac-n-cheese and sweet potato wedges) and it was better than we could have ever, ever expected... without a doubt the best BBQ place in NYC- yes, over Dinosaur BBQ, over Blue Smoke, over Brother Jimmys, and any other one you are thinking of.  I would 100% put it up against any BBQ place I know from down south too.  I actually can't wait for people from NC to visit just to take them there to show them that NYC can get BBQ right and this place is IT!  Go here.  It's amazing, and the very idea that this is all hormone-free, grass-fed, local... well that's just enough to push it into the column of perfection.  Everything we had was superb but the one that stands out as "daaaaaaaaaaamn that's good" is the BURNT ENDS... quite possibly the best meat that there is.  The service is so great too... super friendly, attentive, fast, courteous and they make you feel like they are really happy you came to enjoy their amazing new place.  Long story short: we went for lunch and by dinner time, we were looking for the take-out menu they gave us to place an order.  (Sidenote:  you can buy meat here to take home and cook for yourself and while we didn't do this today, we are definitely coming back to do so... the cuts were awesome.) So glad this place is in Astoria... it will quickly become a spot for foodies so I'd go now, before the lines are out the door on the regular.
