This Post is addressed to the disgruntled ex-employee that posted under Burt D. You are probably one of the most recent few that we have just let go. Hiding behind an anonymous post name really takes a whole lot of courage (lol) which obviously you don't have. So let address some of your points in your post. First we ALL wear gloves and if you didn't that might have been one of the reasons you were let go! Any of our regular customers that are reading this post know what they see when they are purchasing from our store. Anyone that is found not wearing gloves are corrected immediately. All my employees know and are told not to touch their hair or their face and in fact if they sneeze they are told to stop and wash their hands BEFORE they continue with the customer. From the comment about the muffins you are probably one of our young part timers from the weekend. We check and change out the muffins daily during the week (When your in school) And we receive our muffin orders every Tuesday and Saturday. The changing of the pan liners is something that is done daily in all bakeries for presentation. The muffins that are found not to be fresh are removed and  then used for samples on the weekend. All of our employees are paid weekly and no one is owed hundreds of dollars, that is a flat out lie as is most of your post. The problem of having to much or not enough help is from the lack of responsibility of some of our employees. (Again probably another reason you were let go ) We always over staff because we never know who is just not going to show up with out calling. The rest of your post is just a plain out attack on myself and my wife, which anyone reading your post can easily tell for themselves. The only truth to your post is our bagels are the BEST and our sandwiches are GREAT.  I openly pray for you that you can find peace in your life and get over being let go, we always wish only the best for our past employees including yourself. May GOD bless you, and to ALL of our fantastic customers I what to thank you from both myself and Rosanne for all of your years (29)of patronage!!!   GOD BLESS !!! Frank Oldewurtel Proud Owner of Bagelwich Bagel Bakery
