This was me and my girlfriend's first Sunday in New Haven, and we were searching for interesting things to do and places-to-see aside from Yale.  We didn't find much, but we discovered there was quite a restaurant scene here. Barcelona was a part of these findings thanks to yelp here, and I have to say this place was way better than the expectations I had set for it.  It increased the variety of foods my taste buds have tasted over the years.   Everything I have to say here tonight equates to Barcelona's excellent service, and DELICIOUS food! Here is the meal course we had: **There is a bias here as figs have recently become my new favorite fruit. =PRE-DINNER= Bread with Olive Oil - Bread was rustic, hot, and fresh. =TAPAS= Chorizo with Sweet and Sour Figs - This dish was splendid.  The figs must be eaten with sausages simultaneously as they complement the sausages perfectly.  Simply dipping them in the fig/brandy sauce reduction doesn't do the dish justice. Sherry Cured Cod Esqueixada - I could barely pronounce this dish.  Little help from the waiter Adrian put my right again.  Interesting dish that had either a thin slice of raw/smoked cod decorating two pieces of rustic white bread dampened by tomato/thyme sauce.  Reminded my girlfriend of sushi with obvious change in carb choice. Duck Fat Potatoes - mmm MMM, delicious white potatoes fried in duck fat oil with a bunch of jalapenos.   Heart stopping, I know, but for a bit of duck oil every once in a while, I'd lay my heart out on the table. =MAIN DISH= Ostrich Loin a la Plancha - at this point we were both stuffed (we eat like birds), but this big bird was worth stuffing ourselves into gluttony.  Six pieces of Ostrich Loin bathed in their own medium rare juices and all-spice/brandy sauce on top of potatoes whipped into submission.  Oh that's right, note a heap of broccoli off to the side.  ALL DELICIOUS!  The meat was gamey, but rightfully so.  It didn't leave an aftertaste like lamb would, and it was OH SO tender.  Thank you Adrian for relaying the chef's recommendation of keeping it medium rare! =DESSERT= Finally, convinced we were about to die we decided to have one last meal, a dessert, called Pear-Fig Crisp.  Definitely died and went to heaven after this.  Imagine the best Apple a la Mode you've ever had - toss that out and replace it with this - caramelized pears cut into cubes with halved figs caramelized in their own sugary innards hugging moderately sweet sugar crumbs.  All of this topped with vanilla ice cream.  Once again ... DELICIOUS! Needless to say we were happy with our find, and I was more than happy to break my yelp virginity and make a post on its behalf. Also, whoever is lucky enough to try the Stewed Vermont Rabbit here please review it.  They have it every once in a while during the winter apparently, and it masquerades as a Tapas.  Looking forward to hearing about it, and trying it!
