I am certainly not quick to write a negative review, but in light of knowing the principle rules of customer service, I could not stay silent. My fiance and I are two of the most easygoing diners and bar-goers you will ever meet. We met a few friends at the Cambridge last night and had a very off-putting experience. After finishing a round of drinks (a berry pear cider, which was delicious, and one of the stouts on tap), we decide to take a celebratory shot. We waited patiently at the bar and asked the bartender for any mixed shot he could make (Lemon drop, Washington Apple, whatever). His reply? "I don't do that." When we both flashed him puzzled faces, he went into a tirade about not knowing anything about those "types of shots," "they don't carry flavored vodka," and how "no bar he's ever worked at does mixed shots." Interesting. He then proceeded to bring another bartender into the conversation, who was EQUALLY as defensive about the topic and snidely said, "You want a smooth shot? I'll give you tequila, straight up." Take in mind, we weren't even responding to them, only looking at them in wide-eyed fear as if we were being reprimanded by two angry disciplinarians. After this, we retreated to our designated corner, and our friends inquired about the lengthy encounter. I simply concluded that we got yelled at for asking for a mixed shot. The bartender, I suppose, tried to do his form of "service recovery" and told the waitress to get my fiance's attention. He motioned him over and said, "Why don't you just tell me what you want and I'll make it?" Needless to say, we declined. Listen, I come from a family of bar/restaurant owners. I know how overwhelming a crowded bar can be. However, I was taught that if the customer has a request that's not the norm but obviously not ridiculous, you accomodate it. To boot, we weren't rude, obnoxious or intoxicated. It would have saved those two men a lot of time to even simply say "Ah, I really don't know how to make those, but how about a shot of tequila?" I would hate to see what happens to a patron who asks for a substitution on their food order. They're probably forced into the basement to fill ketchup bottles and wash dishes.
