Top-notch pizza and a truly cool, rustic atmosphere sullied by spotty service and an exceedingly long wait for our pizzas. We arrived as a party of three at opening time (6PM) to be seated, and were immediately parked by the cheery hostess at a community table in the back room near the pizza kitchen, a perfectly good spot to enjoy what I had heard were the best pizza pies in the city. Then came our waitress, a functional but disenchanted human being who treated us more like annoyances than anything else. She took our drink orders quickly after we were seated, helped us pick our pizzas, and had our orders in with no issues, but I wouldn't use the word "friendly" to describe her personality. Maybe this place is going for the no-nonsense vibe, but that doesn't work too well if the waiters are twenty-something hipsters who were in my shoes as a college student only a few years ago. I'm of a mind that when restaurants serve their tap water in bottles and leave them on the table for diners to pour themselves, the least that the waitstaff can do is make sure that those bottles are never empty. I should not have to ask to have the bottle refilled each time that we run out of water. If you're going to put the bottles out, follow protocol and keep them filled. As for the pizzas, we waited over an hour for them to get to our table. Now I understand that the pizza chefs have to deal with the enormous amount of orders that come with the rush through the door at opening time, but for a place that has been open for a few years now, they should have figured out how to prioritize their order numbers by who ordered first. Our party ordered two pies, and in that interim hour or so, the group of three to the right of us received their pies, finished them, paid, and left. The group of two to the left of us was seated much later than us yet received their pizzas about ten minutes before us. It's sloppy and I expected better. When the pizzas finally did arrive at about 7:15pm, they were phenomenal. No complaints. The crust is out of this world, the ingredients extremely fresh, the taste of the coal ovens intermingling with the prosciutto, the cheese, the fantastic sauce. We ordered the Hellboy (with that crazy Mike's hot honey) and the King Harry Special, and both were knockouts. I accompanied the meal with a reliably great draft Blue Point Toasted Lager, and everything was good from that point on. A visit to our table from the owner calmed my nerves a bit after the long wait we had just endured, but I decided that if Paulie Gee's wants to be at the top, not just as a great pizza place but as a great restaurant and as a banner of Greenpoint, they need to get their act together when it comes to service. Nevertheless, because the pizza was THAT good, it's four stars from me.
