My friends and I decided to go here last week.  They had been, I had not. I want to start off by saying the burger itself was delicious.  I had the bacon cheeseburger and I enjoyed the beef  The bacon was nothing special. The meat is where the good begins and ends.   The good; listed above the quality of the fresh ground beef. The bad: every thing else. Specifically; The waitress "Aura" I think. talked and talked and TALKED about herself actually telling us how beautiful she was(not in a cute or ironic way) and how wonderful her accent was, I could barely understand her.  She talked about her bills, her life, her travel her need to buy things she really couldn't stop herself......I really don't want to hear vapid self interest when I'm looking to EAT.   Also I feel uncomfortable telling a server to please move along and let me order / give me a moment to read the menu as they are handling my food out of my sight. When I'm hungry I don't want to hear my server talk for 15 minutes.  It was a constant pushing and prodding up sell of beers, apps, desserts throughout the ordeal.  I don't recall ever feeling so badgered and at their prices, you need to have some kind of customer service or decency.  I know this is the poor woman's job, but I really felt under attack and nervous.  I just wanted a hamburger. Our appetizer was subpar and partially burnt, for 9 bucks that's not acceptable. I had to ask 3 times for a glass of water (beer pads the bill)  Should I have to ask for water? Is this a per diem it now? She did manage to come by and ask me twice if I wanted another beer when ours wasn't half empty yet. I noted how the food took a while to get to us to, it wasn't hot, ill assume another attempt to get us to order another alcoholic beverage as they weren't busy. This place is not worth the misery they put you through for fresh meat. Bottom line, quality ground beef, but you have to jump through hurdles to get to it.   If I ever go to this conveyor belt of a place again it will only be for take-out. It might have been an enjoyable meal if not for the utter lack of customer service. This was the worst dining experience I have ever had. Beware.
