I have eaten noodle for years in Taiwan and south parts of China, and have found some really good noodle shops in Chinatown. This one on Eldridge St. claims to be autentic Lanzhou Pulled Noodle: . In China, Lanzhou  in Gansu Province   is famous for hand pulled noodles, but most of the restaurats in Chinatown NYC claming to be autentic Lanzhou hand pulled noodles are owned and operated by people from Fuzhou: . Still you can get some great taste in these shops.   It should be noted that many of the hand pulled noodle shops in Lanzhou China are operated by hui  people, Chinese Muslims () . The 26 Eldridge Street shop is not bad. Its location is nice, and it always has a few customers inside. One menu's specialty is  (Mount Qi Noodle), and this is an area and mountain in  or Shanxi Province, which is quite far from northwest province of Gansu: . I actually ate  Mount Qi Noodle, and was satisfied, and recommend it.   So, are the owners from Gansu   or Shanxi? The owners, though I did not ask, my guess is they are :  people from Fuzhou or Fujinan, and the noodle is far from authentic Lanzhou Hand Pulled Noodle, but the noodle IS hand pulled, and the dishes are not bad. I can tell you that finding  Lanzhou Hand Pulled Noodle done by a person from Lanzhou here in NYC is not going to happen, unless it is a worker form Lanzhou working for a Fujianese. None the less, hand pulled noodles in these Fuzhou owned shops can be good.   If you want to eat   Fuzhou Style Noodle you need to go to other places and order  Banmian (noodle w/ peanut sauce), and this is found easily at the more non-discript Fuzhou eating places for only $2. One is corner of Eldridge and Broome, another is C & L Dumpling House on Chrystie Street just up from Hester. Authentic Fujianese noodles, simple and cheap.  These noodles are made fresh nightly for delivery the next day  in a factory on Forsythe and Canal and sent around to the restaurants every day. The facory is near the Barbara Greek Orthodox Church, and you can walk by after midnight and see the noodles being churned out, with flour dust all through the first floor.   Well, concerning eating HAND PULLED noodles ( ), on my last visit 26 Eldridge Street,  I ordered  (shanxi knife cut noodles) and though it is on the menu, they no longer offer it. My guess is they now are confined to preparing all the noodle before hand as opposed to by order. I had instead  (Beef hand pulled noodle with extra spicy). The beef slices where exceptionally geneous and very tender and delicous, the noodles fresh and good, but the broth and spice not to satisfaction.     I did find their use of spice for their hot (spicy ) dishes to be under spiced. There are better places for hand pulled noodle  not too far from this restaurant for about the same price, so though I found the staff extremely nice, and friendly and helpful, this place is perhaps not my first choice for noodles, but it does have a diverese selectrion, and   (Mount Qi Noodle) which are quite tasty.  would give it a try on your explorations.     And I wIll tell you a secret, by far the best noodles are found at a Henan  Restaurant on Forsyth opposite the park up from Hester. It has both knife cut and hand pulled noodles:    The Owners ae from Henan Province, the sign says Henan , and the food is Henan . Henan is known in China to also have great noodles. The restaurant is called  Flavor of Henan: 68 B Forsyth St.
