Here is my email to the owner of Eulogy: Hi Mike, On Friday, I had a reservation for the Coffin room for approx 25 people.  My fiance and I have always loved Eulogy and frequented often over the past 2 years, however, our service was absolutely horrible on Friday. I informed you of the need for approx 10 pitchers of Stella and lots of fries.  When the birthday boy and I arrived our guests were receiving their own drinks.  BUT it took us 25 minutes to get a drink and to place any type of order with Martin.  Martin was constantly busy and we wouldn't see him for long periods of time.  He seemed annoyed with my requests. The room was very hot and when some of our guests said something to Martin they were told it's because the room is above the kitchen. We had 5 people leave because of the heat and about 10 decided to go the bar downstairs and the bar in the other room. It wasn't until one of the guests noticed there was an a/c unit and asked Martin if it could be turned on. His response "All you had to do was ask".  Are you kidding me? When I asked for the 10 pitchers, I was told there was only 5 available.  When he brought them out, there were NO glasses. I was told they were all out. The pitchers sat there for at least 25 minutes before we got approx 7-10 glasses. That's hardly enough for everyone, but of course there were plenty of glasses for any other more expensive drink our guests ordered. The only thing that we received quickly were the fries and the bill. Between not receiving a call back or an email when I repeatedly contacted you and your bar and with the horrible service, I was pretty disheartened.  We loved Eulogy, but will not be rushing to come back anytime soon after Friday night. It really made a potential fun night very stressful for me. I am sorry to send you this email, but you need to know about your servers and the type of service your guests are receiving.  As an owner of an establishment, it should be in your best interest to serve your customers in the best manner possible, which clearly the 25- 30 people I had there on Friday didn't receive. HIS RESPONSE: I am surprised a.c. was needed. Thank you for being a guest of Eulogy, it reminds me to stay with what we can handle best, small groups less than 20, regardless of valued guest request to fit more, our building and kitchen are too small..
