Typically I do not provide restaurant reviews. This case is different. We visited this establishment Easter Sunday evening. My overall rating is 6 out of 10. My first impression of AMIS was that the restaurant was aesthetically pleasing. The hostess and wait staff were professional. That's the good. With the reputation the Verti family has in the area I was expecting a culinary adventure, not so. The menu is broken down into different sections, small bites, entrees and sides, deserts and drinks. These are the items that were ordered by my party and my comments about them. Mortadella Mousse:   I'm sure there was Mortadella in there somewhere but the flavor was very faint. It was more like Mortadella cream cheese. I did like the grilled bread but I was cut a bit too thick. Fried duck egg with pecorino and crispy duck skin: There were out of the duck egg so they substituted with a chicken egg. The egg was served on grill polenta. This is not described on the menu and no price adjustment was made for a lesser product, being the egg switch. The dish was bland. I really didn't get the essence of what the chef was trying to convey here. Fried cauliflower with pecorino and salsa rossa: Nothing new or spectacular here. Tasted as if too much salt was used for finishing. Ribeye involtini with wilted spinach: The ribeye was cooked to the wrong temperature and was sliced into strips. This is something that NEVER should be done to a good cut of beef. Say goodbye to the natural juices inside of the steak. The salad contained small tomatoes this was not stated in the menu description. Braised lamb shank with root vegetables: The shank was under seasoned. Braised properly, fall off of the bone, yada yada.... Definitely not the best in Philly.  The root vegetables were either a puree or polenta. They tasted similar to grits. Once again the menu description did not reflect the dish presented. Fried brussels sprouts and lemon: When a brussel sprout enters this establishment it should arm itself because it is going to be tortured and killed. The worst BS idea, EVER. Fried to crisp and with addition of the lemon they tasted like a salt lick. As they cooled they became progressively more offensive to put in your mouth.   "tartufo al bacio" chocolate and hazelnut semifreddo with amarena cherries: The chocolate shell was hard and too thick. I found this tough to physically eat and much uninspired. It seemd to have been sitting in the freezer for quite some time. I didn't like it. The coffee: Yes the coffee, it tasted burnt. My assumption is that it had been sitting on the burner for some time and was not fresh. In the end I came away thinking the food was mediocre, the chef didn't understand how to properly season food or flavor profiles. The menu was vague, uninspired and incomplete. If the Verti family would like to keep their reputation in tact I would suggest either closing AMIS or revamping the concept and menu. The wait staff were wearing jeans and mechanic style work shirts. With Led Zeppelin playing in the background I got the sense that this place had no idea of what it was or what it wanted to be. For all this, plus tip, I forked out a cool $180. Buyer beware....
