The best restaurant experience I've ever had.  Hands down. My mother, sister, and I were in NYC for five days on sort of a culinary adventure (Keens, Bar Room at the Modern, Babbo, and WD~50 as well), and GT was almost an afterthought.  But we had been to the Bar Room and EMP on our last trip and were blown away by both, so I should have expected GT would do the same.  What an understatement. We were late in arriving because I gave the cabbie the wrong address, but when I called in, the hostess was very gracious.  "Don't worry about it, we'll see you when you get here."  We were seated promptly when we arrived. Mike W. was our waiter, and we just hit it off from the get-go.  He was so personable and efficient, we felt right at home. Mike brought us an amuse bouche trio to start, and then our appetizers.  While the lobster salad and lamb papperdelle were fantastic, the warm Maine crab in an egg crepe absolutely stole the show. Since we hadn't ordered the smoked trout, Mike didn't want us to miss the experience and brought us each a plate.  Sooo good.  My sister doesn't really like fish and she ate every last bit. Our entrees were duck breast with duck confit, chicken poussin (one of the specials of the evening), and rack of lamb.  Everything was amazing.  We ate every single item on our plates.  I don't normally order chicken in restaurants (you can get chicken anywhere, after all), but sis' poussin was outstanding.  Really moist and flavorful.  Even the tomatoes accompanying the dish were awesome.  But the best thing on our three plates was the chickpea fries that came with my lamb.  Oh lord, I could have eaten a whole plate of it.  Mike said he gets that request a lot.  Kudos to Michael Anthony! Our desserts were fabulous, and Mike topped off the evening by bringing us after-dessert desserts!  And we were given muffins to take back to the hotel, which we glommed on the next morning for breakfast. An overall wonderful experience, from beginning to end.  Every dish was stellar and timed perfectly.  Even the cappuccino floored me.  Service was prompt, unobtrusive, and friendly.  We really loved Mike - he had some great recommendations for our trip and treated us like we were old friends.  Even the manager, Jen, stopped by during the dessert course to tell us how much her staff enjoyed serving customers who were so obviously enjoying themselves. I'd fly back to NYC tomorrow just for another meal at Gramercy Tavern.   We'll definitely be back.  Meyer's restaurants are definitely to be experienced.
