I would NEVER go back, EVER again. I wish there was a negative star. Had a groupon and decided to try this place out. There wasn't a hostess and no one greeted us to our seats. Then we were handed menus after 5 minutes, then 5 minutes later asked if we want a drink. We ordered food and that went fine, until a fly in the restaurant dropped DEAD right in my salad. I told the busboy and he didn't care. When I ordered dessert, the waitress walked away immediately instead of asking if we wanted any tea or coffee. I had to wait for her to pass again before I can ask for tea. Then she started to walk away again, and I said that my mother would like some coffee. Aren't waitresses supposed to take orders before they walk away? Once the meal was over and we got the check, the waitress added in gratuity (which was not stated on the Groupon), and charged us for coffee, tea and dessert, saying it was not part of the promotion, even though our food total was $40 (which is the total of the promotional value of the Groupon). When I talked to the manager, he told me I need to learn to read the fine print in Groupons. I also told him about the dead fly and he didn't say he was sorry or apologize or even really acknowledge it, he said said hmm. I said I was right that the Groupon was worth $40 total and not his broken down meal, so he's like fine, let me show you, so he pulled out his iPad and went on Groupon.com. On the website, I showed him where his deal was and that he was wrong. He said it was a pasta or sandwich and a salad a person, while the Groupon actually said $40 value. He proceeded to read over the Groupon and try to prove me wrong, but of course in the end he was WRONG. He didn't apologize. He just kept me waiting for FIVE minutes as he flipped around the website. Then he finally just looked at me and said fine you don't have to pay. It is a shame because the food was actually good, but do not tell me I am wrong, and then when you find out that you were wrong, do not even apologize. I would NEVER EVER go back here because of bad management. Remember, the customer is always right and in this case I was really really right.
