Sunday night I had a fight with a girl I'm in love with. We were at the verge of saying goodbye. In the passed few months, we had often walked passed Freeman Alley thinking we should go see what's at the end one day. That night, we needed something good to happen to us. We strolled down this narrow passage and through the restaurant's thick winter curtains. Were greeted by a man too young for his mustache surrounded by several dead animals hanging on the walls. They probably tried to give the place an old hunter's club feel. Everything is wood and pretty. I put my name on the waiting list and we went for a beer in some tavern just across the Sarah Roosevelt park. When we came back 25 minutes later, a table was waiting for us and the waiter asked "Would you like sparkling or tap water?". 1 minute later we were drinking water. We ordered 3 appetizers and 1 main course, all to share. They got it right the first time, brought us 2 small plates and covers and 5 minutes later the appetizers arrived. After a few bites of the Wild Bore Terrine and Huckleberry Jam spread on perfectly toasted bread, we both started smiling, silently acknowledging we were having a good time (individually). Bitting on the Devils on Horseback (a prune and a piece of cheese wrapped in bacon) was just as fun. The garlicky Cream Sauce served with the small empanadas-like Estonian meat-pies soothed the tension that invaded us earlier that night . The pies came by 3 so I split the last one and put a half in her plate and squeezed another smile from her stunningly beautiful face. As soon as we were done with appetizers, the main course was set in the middle of our table and we were asked if we wanted to replace our plate which was done quickly. The Venison Stew with Creme Fraiche and Roasted Butternut Squash, though a little salty to her opinion, was very tasty and had been simmered with the right amount of meat, carrots and onions for the right amount of time. The half squash, also cooked to the perfection and the creme fraiche mixed well with the game meat taste. "It would be perfect with bread" she said, giving me hope that our dialog would be revived by the end of this lovely supper. At the cost of my simple gaze at our waiter who happened to stand near her, her suggestion was fulfilled within 3 minutes. This bread was fresh and indeed a great complement to an amazing (maybe a bit salty) fond based dark sauce. Food was perfect, the waiter was professional, polite and responsive, the place looked beautiful and felt good. Despite its the amazing food, Freemans in still a place designed for the hip parade of the carefully unshaven young men and expensively cheap look gals from Lower East Side. And if I had one negative comment to formulate, I'd talk about the lack of friendliness by our young mustache guy at the door. But that's unimportant to me. We gave a well deserved $13 tip on a $60 bill. We didn't have wine but I trust they have a great selection. I saw the cheapest bottle was $32 and the next up was around $55. I'm not a perfect lover, she isn't perfect either but consuming something so close to perfection made us forget about our flaws, for that night at least.
