Turns out, I've been to the neighborhood before, but I missed Graffiti because of the tiny little door. But, after watching The Next Iron Chef and becoming a huge fan of Chef Mehta, I of course looked him up and just /had/ to go to his restaurant. First impression: it's a lot smaller than you think it is from the pictures online--a crowded corridor at best, which is made even more crowded by the knicknacks and the measly four tables that occupy the area. Add in customers and the waiters, it becomes very difficult to move around, and you have to squish yourself into a very small space in order to get to your table. We were put on a communal table, which was a tight fit as well. That being said, I absolutely loved this place. Even though it's tiny, or maybe because it's so tiny, it completely embodies the whole eclectic, East Village atmosphere. It's dimly lit, with adorable mini chandeliers hanging haphazardly from the ceiling and a very efficient (yet quaint) setting of newspapers as placemats. Service: Was great, the servers were very considerate and our glasses were never more than half empty of water. Also, we got a very in-depth description of our food, along with what ingredients were supposed to do what in your mouth--very iron chef! Food: The Graffiti burger was served with garlic fingerling potatoes and chipotle mayo, and was definitely the highlight of the meal. They were small, two slider burgers with a piece of lettuce and some red onions on top and lightly toasted bread. It was an explosion of flavor, especially with the chipotle mayo spread on top. I can't name the exact herbs that were in the burger, but it's safe to say that they definitely worked well together, and with the meat. We also tried the Shredded Pork Buns with Apricot Chutney, which were just as delightful--the pork was flavorful, and there were cornflakes on top, which gave it an added crunch and just an interesting assortment of textures in your mouth. The apricot chutney was freshly made, and apparently had pits in it, but that didn't take away from the meal at all. For dessert, we tried the cupcake, and the strawberries with the pepper ice cream. The cupcake is arguably the best one I've ever had--makes sense, Chef Mehta's a pastry chef! The pepper ice cream was also interesting when aired with the warm strawberries, but the cupcake was definitely the standout of the two. I'm disappointed we didn't get to try the zuccini hummus pasta or the green mango paneer, but I have very concrete plans to go back and try the entire menu!
