After reading all the wonderful reviews of this restaurant, we were very excited to try some authentic Texan barbeque in Philadelphia. We have been searching for decent bbq here, and have not had much luck.  We were not disappointed.  The service was great, the juke box had some good music on it, and most importantly, the food was delicious. We generally had the brisket or the ribs in our group.  We all loved the brisket.  The brisket came in your choice of moist or lean ("moist" meaning it originally had more fat on it).  The meat had the nice pink ring from smoking on it (according to the waitress, they smoke the meat for about 12 hours).  The good news about the moist version was that they cut off all the fat before serving, so you got the extra tenderness without having to deal with the fat.  Everyone enjoyed the ribs, but one person felt that the ribs were not meaty enough. However, everyone agreed the food tasted great. They gave us a choice of 3 sauces that are in bottles on the table -- the food is served without sauce (some other reviews said they only have one):  Old Faithful, which is a basic, slightly spicy sauce; Sweet, which had a good bit of molasses flavor and was very good; and Hot Mess, which was really spicy. The food was also served in traditional Texas bbq style with raw onion rings and pickles. For sides, we had the German potato salad, the collard greens, the pinto beans and the corn on the cob.  They were all delicious.  One review described the beans as very spicy, but they were really not when we had them.  My daughter said that they put something extra delicious on the corn, too. Desserts were very good -- the pecan pie was great.  The berry cobbler was somewhat disappointing because it was more of a buckle, as opposed to a cobbler and was pretty dough-y.  The banana pudding was clearly homemade and had large slices of banana in it. The beer selection was excellent, too:   many craft beers on tap or in cans.  Plus a full bar if you wanted a cocktail.  All in all, it was great and we can't wait to go back.  My dad grew up in Texas and said the whole experience really brought him back!
