If you're looking for amazing bar food, awesome service, a great atmosphere and kickin' tunes... rogues gallery is definitely for you.  After my boyfriend has been living a stones throw away for four months, we decided to venture in here last Friday night. Rogues is a hidden gem- a corner bar that is perfect to meet a group of friends for happy hour, dance late into the night, or have a 5 star dining experience. When we were first seated at 8:30 pm, the owner Lauren was our server and you could tell she was extremely passionate about her new venture and what rogues had to offer.  She was ecstatic that we gave her bar a shot for dinner and explained that ALL of their food is fresh, homemade, and absolutely tasty (and affordable!) And when I say homemade I mean down to their dips and dressings, most notably the siracha ketchup that pairs perfectly with their burgers, veggies burgers (also homemade) and fries.   Lauren explained she supports local breweries and we couldn't go wrong with any victory or neshaminy (I am not as educated on beers as I should be) and she didn't steer us wrong.  For apps we started with the pork belly tacos (a must) so simple yet so flavorful that my boyfriend insisted on another order,  the cheesesteak wantons- why didn't anyone come up with these before... crispy and fried to perfection!  For dinner I had the short rib sandwich with fries.... Woah. The softest roll with the most tender, flavorful short rib ever brought together with arugula and a homemade ricotta spread that made it the most scrumptious Sammy... You cannot go wrong with this sandwich, or anything short rib they offer for that matter! On another note about this particular Friday night- the DJ was banging. A local med student from Drexel who was spinning the best beats... Watch out for DJ Naj. So after our memorable first outing to rogues, my boyfriend and I read each others mind when we were thinking of where to go last night.  The snow and cold weather was horrendous, so we took 20 steps outside his door and boom, we were back at our favorite Friday night hot spot.   Lauren was so excited to see us again, and we ranted on about how much we love her food, friendly atmosphere and awesome service. Last night we ordered the chicken wings (could be the best we've have ever had), baja fish tacos (fresh, just right portion size and simple) the veggie burger (perfect for the vegetarian) and a custom order.... Short rib grilled cheese.  I knew it might be a long shot to have the cook make it, but Lauren reassured me that since the kitchen wasn't slammed, my unique invention could be done! WOAH. Talk about divine.  When I say you can't go wrong with anything on this menu (especially short rib) take my word.  Now, if only they had brunch... But hopefully they will soon! I have to say the best part about rogues gallery is the couple that runs it. Lauren and her hubby, Joe are the most darling couple who are young, fun, and make this place so enjoyable to come to night after night.  They want to ensure a great dining and bar experience every time, and they haven't disappointed us! The crowd is eclectic, and anyone from hipsters, business men, young professionals, and girly girls can be found at rogues.  The DJ was different last night, but nonetheless spinning great tunes. we can't wait to come back for the live music on Tuesday nights! So all in all, if you're looking for a friendly local bar with an extensive menu of amazing food, do yourself a favor and head over to rogues tonight (or ASAP) and thank me later! You won't be disappointed!
