I wish this could be a positive review, but I'm afraid the positive points of this establishment are strongly outweighed by negatives. Summary:  The food is average quality for common dishes, with an occasional inedible dish thrown into the mix. The location is terrible. The atmosphere is hole-in-the-wall, slightly ghetto, almost take-out-only. The service is slow but friendly, with a language barrier that complicates ordering. The price is high for what you get.  RATING: D Location As a person who has to drive there, the location of Saffron Place is the single biggest detractor from this establishment. The horrific Park Road location drops the rating down to 2 stars. During dinner pickup time there is NO parking on a very busy street. I had to park in a less-than-legal location on the street in order to quickly grab my order. So, the extra 10 or 15 minute wait inside had me thinking about getting a ticket the entire time. To top it off, during dinner time rush hour traffic I almost got hit twice going to and from the restaurant. People drive crazy in Hartford & West Hartford at that hour. Even if the food was fantastic, I would never go back because of the shockingly poor location and it's associated driving implications. Of course, none of this matters if you're walking there. Food I ordered quite a bit of food for my entire family, totaling $73.51: - 1 chicken tikka masala. Average sauce, with tender pieces of chicken. Small portion. - 1 tandoori chicken. The best entrée of the bunch. Tender, spicy chicken with just the right amount of char. Expensive. - 1 vegetable vindaloo. Very spicy.. and pretty good. Best value. - 1 lamb curry. Average sauce with somewhat hard pieces of lamb. Very small portion. - 2 orders of vegetable samosas. Quite good. Cooked just right. Decent size (2 per order). - 2 orders of basmati rice. Meh.  The basmati flavor was hidden by curry spice, which I didn't order or expect. It was fast-food grade rice. - Mango chutney & hot/spicy sauce.  These spices were tiny for the price. The chutney was quite good, but we could have used 3 times as much for 4 people. - 2 naan bread. Decent. Harder and chewier than most other Indian restaurants. - 2 chapati bread. Missing from the order. - The dinners came with two orders of sweet / sour apple filling (I'm not sure what it's called). The sour flavoring was unappealing to everyone. We threw it out, and I hate throwing out food. Atmosphere The atmosphere is hole-in-the-wall, slightly ghetto, almost take-out-only. If you look at the photo in the Yelp profile, you will see a room with a green wall, a few tables and a cash register. This is the entire restaurant. It's not what I would consider a sit-down restaurant. The place is clean but unappealing, and certainly not a 'date restaurant'.  The cooks and waiter can easily be heard in the back room talking about what is being ordered & cooked. The place smells of burnt oil and, not surprisingly, curry. The busy road immediately outside doesn't help matters. Service I called in my order at 4:25 PM. I showed up at the restaurant at 5:25 PM, but I then waited for 10 minutes for the food to be ready. Way too slow. There were two people ahead of me with much smaller orders. The waiter was friendly and personable. When I got home I found out that some of my order was either the wrong item, missing items, or the wrong number of a particular item. There was some sort of horrific pickled meat included in the order that we had to throw out because it was so unpalatable. The bones included in the dish didn't help. One of the naan breads were missing. And the Chapati bread was completely missing from the order. Interestingly, when the waiter was ringing up my order he had to look up the price of every single item I ordered from their take-out menu, which means he surprisingly did not know any of the prices. It took 3 or 4 minutes for him to do this while I waited. Then, when I gave him the cash and the coupon he did not have more than $20 in singles in the register and no change. After asking if I had coins (I didn't), he had to reach into his pocket to give me the appropriate coinage. Price The total price for the order was $73.51, which was reduced to $43.51 with a $30 Groupon coupon. The price of the basmati/curry rice was very reasonable for $2.50 per aluminum take-out tray.  $2.50 for two tasty samosas is very reasonable, also. Every one of the entrées are all overpriced. $11.50 for 4-5 ounces of mediocre Chicken tikka masala or  4 ounces of curried lamb is outrageous. $17 for a Tandoori chicken leg and half of a chicken breast is quite steep, too.  None of the dishes can feed two people, without ordering extra rice, samosas, or extra bread. The vegetable vindaloo was the best deal of the bunch; one full pint of tasty, spicy veggies for $8.50. Again, for two people you probably want to order extra rice with that. I will never go back to Saffron Place, even with a $30 Groupon coupon.
