When I first went there I had a great time. The food is good and the people are nice and attentative. Fried icecream is a great dish and something interesting to try. The second time I went not so much. I had only fried icecream that day, which was nice but they have a lack of good drinks. Everything is strange like they drained it themselves. Ever heard of something other than tap water and crushed watermelon? Its an acquired taste I know but I am a lover of a good juice or lemonade. Before leaving one of  my friends miscalculated bill along with the tip. I knew it was wrong and was counting it myself. After being convinced that it was the right amount I decided to let it go still not feeling good about it. But after assuming I was wrong we handed the money in,said thankyou and went on our way. A couple seconds later one of the workers ran down the street like we held up the store which was fine because evidentally we were short I assumed it was like 5 dollars or something. "You're short you're short!" it was embarassing cause people were staring at us like we didnt pay at all. We asked her how much we owed and she couldnt even tell us. I guess her english was bad or something because she acted like she couldnt explain to us what happened. She got annoyed and told us to read the slip and count it ourselves."what does this say?" I'm sensitve to stuff like that because I can't speak a second language at all and I admire people who do but I mean if you're going to chase us down the street like criminals the least she could have done was tell us how much we owed. 40 CENTS. But yes short is short. So we gave her a dollar and she stared down at the money and said "No tip?" now I'm not el cheapo I usually give tips along the lines of 2-5 bucks or if they are really good up to 7 or 8 but a dollar is much more than 40 cents(sounds like tip to me) and I was already annoyed to the fact that all they did was come by and pour tap water in to a glass while we stayed all of 20 minutes. My friends initially calculated more than 60 cents before leaving( the wrong way,dont ask me how) because we ofcourse wanted to leave more than 60 cents for a tip. But the way she chased after us and told us to count the money already had me annoyed so I didnt want to give her anything other than exactly 40 cents. Needless to say my sister gave her another dollar and she rolled her eyes and said thankyou. In my opinion the way we were treated for a mistake and by the way we did apologize she didnt deserve that $1.60. We went on our way vowing never to go again. Point is...they do have good food but it can use some adjustments in their menu. I tell my friends the story of what happened on my second visit and personally tell them not to go. But if you decide to go anyway make sure you are right with your bill and don't forget the tip.
