I had a ticket for a show at the Shubert last friday and stepped over for a bite before the doors opened.  I agreed to sit at the bar since I was a single, and leave their tables for bigger parties.   The menu was very difficult to read because the backdrop design is intricate and the lighting is very bad.  The bartender put her smartphone to flashlight for me so I could read.  VERY LIMITED SELECTION.  You either want one of 2 steak dishes, a scallop dish, a pork dish, a shrimp dish or a chicken dish.  No variety in preparation.   I ordered the Tortilla soup and got a six ounce bowl of something like Campbell's Cream of Tomato Soup with a smokey undertone, and (guess what) crumbled tortilla chips on top.  I anticipated something with chicken broth, avocado and melted cheese and talked to the bartender about the disappointment.  She said she was sorry but she really didn't know ANYTHING about Mexican food so she didn't know what real tortilla soup should look or taste like.  Ok, granted, some chef's will re-invent recipes for WOW factor, but I disagree that any hot liquid with tortilla chips crumbled in does NOT qualify as Tortilla Soup.  At $8.00 a bowl that was a total ripoff. I opted for the Shrimp entree and about 7 minutes before the entre arrives, your sides of rice and beans come in two separate metal bowls with spoons.  Sitting there, on the bar (or table) getting cold while you wait for your main.  I got 6 extra large grilled shrimp and a small pile of undercooked black beans topped with 1/2 tsp of Pico.  Very dismal presentation, and unfortunately the flavors were dismal as well.  The rub on the shrimp was salty and very bleak tasting.  I tried to add some zip with lime wedges but there was no improving the heavy flavor.  The brightness of the shrimp was completely lost.  The bartender asked how I liked it and I was polite and said "fine" although it was really unpleasant.  I didn't want to hurt her feelings again as I had with the soup.  At $22.00 per entre this was an even bigger ripoff.   I don't think I'd try this place again.  The people there seemed to enjoy it enough.  Maybe I was unfortunate enough to choose the only two awful menu choices?  But my guess is this place wants to be a hip and trendy "somethingorother" but forgets that flavor is the first consideration in preparing food.  The chef here may have no tastebuds, or he doesn't understand proper seasoning, flavoring and combinations of food to create exciting flavors.   Very not exciting IMO.
