I was at the Greek last Saturday night with two friends for my birthday.  I was so disappointed that the 5 star rating let me down.  My 2 star rating is based on service and food.   The decor of the restaurant is extremely beautiful and we sat on a nice comfy couch...the evening was off to a good start... We were sat with no menus for a little bit but it was a really busy night so I understood.  Finally our waiter with glasses who introduced himself as a number comes over.  We told him we needed help with wine and he said he had to help 2 other tables select wine.  He told us that when he was done he would come over and let us try a couple wines before deciding.  Great! 10 minutes pass and another waiter brings over 3 full glasses of wine.  We tried the wine but it wasn't what we were looking for.  The number named waiter came over to take our food order.  We mentioned we didn't order that particular wine and he assured us we did.  Ok, not a big deal...we didn't feel the need to complain, and just kept the wine. Our food finally came.  We ordered octopus, 2 orders of meatballs, and the mixed grill entre.  The mixed grill was ok...the sausage and chicken screwers were dry and overcooked.  We only got 1 order of meatballs and the octopus was the worst I've ever had.  The octopus was very rubbery and chewy, and also had that spoiled fish smell.  We called the number named waiter over to tell him about the octopus...he asked us "Do any of you have experience eating octopus?".  What kind of question is that??? The octupus was not fresh.  He took it back to the kitchen and off the bill. Last but not least for dessert we ordered a chocolate cake.  The cake was brittle and didn't have much flavor.  Honestly chocolate cake from a duane reade cake mix was better. Because of the poor service and the octopus the number named waiter apologized he asked if he could treat us to a small glass of a greek dessert wine...which was very nice.  After 15 minutes an older gentleman who might have been the owner gave us the bill and thanked us.  Okay...maybe the dessert wine was coming?  The number named waiter came over to get the credit card...we reminded him to take the 2nd order of meatballs off the bill that we never received.  He quickly adjusted the bill and thanked us.   That greek dessert wine did SOUND good.   Save your Saturday night and go to one of the better restaurants Tribeca has to offer.
