My fiance and I were looking for a new brunch spot in the East Village, since we go to Mud Spot virtually every weekend and it seemed time to spruce up our routine. We've walked past Cafe Orlin numerous times before and noticed the crowd gathering, so he checked out the reviews on trusty Yelp before we set out. Yelp has never led us astray before and we liked what we read, so it sounded promising. Promising, however, it was not. From the hostess to the waitress, the service was horrendous. Rude, inattentive, aloof and slow across the board. Our waitress neglected to fill up our water glasses and even after I politely asked her to do so, she seemed to struggle to remember. 10 minutes later I could finally quench my thirst. Not to mention, it took close to 45 minutes for our food to arrive, which then came out cold and unappetizing. Oh, I'm sitting waiting for that mimosa I ordered... The menu offers a wide array of choices, but I cannot help but wonder whether anything on the menu is actually delicious.  The food was far below average--and the taste, presentation and portions left me pondering why there is ever a line waiting outside. My pumpkin pancakes were cold, dense and hands-down the worst pancakes I've ever consumed.  IHOP looked exemplary in comparison! In fact, this was my first dining experience ever in which I contemplated sending the food back. The only reason I didn't--my fiance aptly pointed out we'd be stuck waiting for an obscene amount of time...again. My fiance's Tunisian Eggs weren't much better as the spicy pepper sauce tasted strikingly similar to canned Hunt's tomato paste. And even worse, the spicy pepper sauce lingered and after taking only 1 bite, I'm still tasting it. You want good food to linger, not canned food to linger. Gross! The coffee was excellent, but far overpriced. For $2, you get a taster-size of Cafe Americano...but no refills.  If you have a no-refill policy, the least you could do is provide more than 4 ounces of coffee! Needless to say, we won't be going back.
