OK so I was going to go for Korean BBQ tonight, but opted for some Good Ole American BBQ.  Its  was a Sunday night around 7:00pm.  The place was packed and I was worried we weren't going to get a seat.    No Worries though you walk in through the courtyard and into the dining room.   Where you wait in line to order your BBQ by the pound at the counter.   The wait wasn't long bout 5 minutes or so. The BBQ meats are  kept in the hot display case at the counter.  They were offering Brisket, Short ribs on the Bone, Pulled Pork, Sausage, Ribs, Pork Belly, & Chicken.   I went for a 1/2 pound of brisket, 1/2 pound of pork belly, 1 sausage link, 2 short ribs, and went for a side of Baked Beans and potato Salad.   People's palettes are different from one to another.  I enjoy my Brisket on the fatty and juicy side and this brisket did not disappoint, so tender and juicy, just how I like it.  If you prefer a leaner cut, just ask the meat carver to get you a leaner cut of brisket. The Short ribs were first class ultra tender and were falling off the bone.  The sausage link was alright nothing that blew me out of the water.   The Show Stopper was the Pork Belly which was like tasting heaven.  The flavor bomb with each bite was out of this world.    The pork belly was very fatty and the rub on it amplified it to another level. The potato salad was perfect and dressed in a tart mustard vinegar base.  The beans were tasty also with a hint of burnt ends from the brisket and the beans were AL dente.   They did have a broccoli  salad I will have to try next time.  After you get your order you seat yourself and grab your silverware at the water station.  They use real forks and knives so this adds a little class to the dining experience.   Your food is served on sheet trays with a parchment paper lining.  I wish they labeled their BBQ sauce they have 3 sauces, Vinegar, House, and Spicy.  Vinegar I'm sure had some apple cider vinegar base to it.  House BBQ sauce was tart and tangy, Ketchup base I'm sure with some brown sugar or molasses.  The spicy sauce was a different it didn't have a good viscosity to it, very thick like a Oriental Hoisin sauce and it wasn't spicy at all.   The service was attentive they have a bus person roaming and they come to your table to clear the table for you.  We saw our bus person like 4 times during the dinner.   My friend was upset that the BBQ was $76.00 between the 2 of us.  He was paying so he was shocked to see such a high price for BBQ.  Note they use Black Angus Beef, Berkshire Pork, Duroc Pork, and they source out meats that are free of hormones and antibiotics.   Put into consideration it's a Steve Starr Restaurant your going to pay for quality.  BBQ is a food that should be savored once in a while.  Not every week it's too rich of a food group to do that. I used to work in a BBQ joint as a cook & manager so the BBQ stacked up pretty good.   I had a chance to speak  to Joe C. the owner after dinner.    We talked bout the woods he uses to smoke his meats.  He uses oak which burns hard and longer and mixes in some fruit woods to balance out the smoke.  Very cool and laid back guy and he was down from Brooklyn for the week to make sure everything was on point.   If I were to come back I would just do a slice of this and a slice of that.  The music  they were playing was modern and had a good hipster vibe to it.  The ambiance was very industrial farmhouse chic.
