I love this place! The food is good, the beer selection is good and they have a decent area to play pool. I have never had any problems with the staff or service until tonight. I took my wife only to have a terrible time. You are probably wondering what could have went wrong at such a great place. My wife ordered the traditional burger that came with fries. Well I caught one of the Mexican servers eating some of the fries off her plate as he was coming to serve it. We have all done things thinking we can get away with it. It is just when you get caught it makes for an awkward situation. The server looked like a deer caught in head lights. I could tell he knew something was wrong. When I returned to the bar he picks up a bowl of fries making sure I noticed him eating them. I can't believe this guy was actually taunting me. He even stared me down like he was ready to attack me in the bar. At one point he comes up to the pool area and ask me was everything ok in an obnoxious tone and I told him not really. I stayed calm although I was extremely angry. As I stated I have never had a problem with any of the staff. I wonder what would happen if he encounters someone with less patience. I spoke with one of the owners and he did offer to give us another order of fries but I refused politely. I just wanted him to know that it is important to be on top of how food is prepared and how it is served as well. He stated he has never had a problem with this employee. My opinion is that there is a first time for everything, sometimes we don't let managers know feedback and it is possible that this employee has never been caught before. I just got the overall feeling that the owner could care less and was more concerned about defending his employee. He must not realize that his staff represents his business. At this point I would not order food here again, but I still think the place is great for beer and pool. Yelp is a great site because it really is about rating your entire experience from the environment to the actual quality of the food. Apart of me wishes I did not have to write it, but honesty is how Yelp works. My wife really enjoyed the burger and the mix of sweet potato and white potato fries. It was just a bad night for us!
