Recently had a really nice evening here. We started the evening at our usual Friday night place about 10 min away from here, but after we walked in and were confronted with an hour wait and a reservation list for the first time ever, we decided to try Cafe Mulino as an alternative. We had been here way before the construction over the summer, and it was pretty good, so decided to see what had changed, given the negative reviews. The parking lot was sparsely populated , and the dining room had half a dozen couples - not looking promising,  so we decided to sit at the bar and get a feel of the place. After a cocktail, and chat with the bartender and server, we ordered. Menu was a mix of Central Jersey Italian, steak, plus some interesting seafood specials. Nothing exotic or unusual for these parts, but good solid comfort food to go with a martini and glass of wine on a Friday night. My wife and I ordered a fish, a veal and shared a speciality salad. The calamari salad had a delicious lemon/olive oil dressing, but in our memory of the previous long ago visit, the calamari had a slight grill char to offset the tart dressing and arugula - but alas not this time, it seemed more steamed or sautéed. Still tasty, with tender tentacles included. My Veal Portobello came with fork tender veal, and a nice light cream sauce, with red peppers, eggplant and tomato, and big chunks of tasty portobello mushroom. My wife had the fish special, fresh fluke (like a meatier flounder), with lemon caper sauce, spinach and angel hair.  It was really simple, but attractively presented, super fresh, and delicious. A shared side of broccoli rabe was perfectly done, tender with chunks of garlic. Dessert was the highlight. The youngish server (who we spied copying menus from a food magazine) told us everything was now made in house. She recommended a tiramisu with apples and walnuts, an unusual combo - it was light, airy and delicious, with fresh made cream, and fresh fruit garnishing the plate. The real steam espresso machine was working fine, and we shared a 30 minute conversation over an Americano and cappuccino with the owner about his native Ecuador, favorite foods, and the restaurant business. We think this place is worth a try or a relook - the food is high quality, service friendly, prices moderate. With their liquor license, and new gourmet pizza menu, its also good place for a casual meal and beer or cocktail. I think we may have found a new go to place for Friday nights.
