I'm born and raised in new haven. I love this city and I consider myself as a connoisseur of new haven restaurants. In a city where things change every five seconds, I pray for a good place to open and STAY open. This is what I hope for Da Legnas because this place is AMAZING. I was so sad when Amatos closed because it was my go to spot since I live close. There are a thousand things I love about this place but first and for most I love that they just aren't a pizza place. New haven has plenty of a selection for Pizza but a lot of those places don't carry other options ( salad , sandwiches , etc) not only is there pizza amazing, it's different. You can stick with the classics or spice it up and get one of their custom made artisan pizzas. I've probably tried all of them and each one is great . This is coming from a picky eater by the way!   Another important thing to me is service. I have been bartending for about 9 years now and service is very important to me, not only as a bartender but as a customer. This place has the most stellar service downtown hands down. I mostly come in when Kerry is working cuz she is so sweet and attentive. I also love Felicia. She is so bubbly and funny, she cracks me up every time I'm there. Now if you really wanna get your kicks have a sit down with Goran, this kid will have you laughing your socks off. With this combination it is easy to feel right at home. Everyone remembers your name and what you drink. Here was the most impressive thing to me about Da Legnas... The owner is the one making the pizzas!!!! Where else can you find that!!! Day after day Dave is in there slaving away. He somehow manages to make all those amazing pizzas , run around like crazy and still will stop to say hello how are you. Dave will always take time out of his day to stop and listen to your concerns, he truly cares about everything and everyone there. I wish I had been lucky enough to work for someone like him when I bartended. Plus he is a cutie! Oh and I can't forget to mention the kitchen staff is stellar. They are always hustling to get that food out to you. And they smile and are friendly while they cook. No one ever looks unhappy, you can tell they enjoy working together which is hard to find.   I usually like to switch it up and go different places around town but lately I'm stuck on them! It's been like 6-8 months and I can't stop going in there after work. Makes a great ending to my day. Thank you to everyone there.
