If you take the Applebee's name off an Applebee's, it is still an Applebees. Devil's Den feels like an Applebee's.   I guess its a matter of personal preference, but the the interior is so pristine and shiny I almost feel as if gone to visit the home of a obsessive compulsive friend who covers their furniture with saran wrap so as to not "ruin it".  Personally, I hate that feeling.   Devil's Den is too well lit.  Its too spacious.  It's an Applebee's without the name.   However, Devil's Den has an excellent beer list with some decent choices on their rotating Draught system.  They are doing that much right.  Their happy hour is unbeatable compared to other bars within that vicinity (think POPE, or South Philly Tap Room) with their 50% off Drafts.  That is a plus.  But is the 2 bucks I save worth feeling like I am drinking in an uncomfortable setting?  I cannot hold my personal views of how a bar should be against a place as I am certain there are many people who feel like dimly lit dingy establishments are depressing, but this is my review and this reviewer wants dank. Its a great bar to take co-workers after work.  Its a great bar for a blind date.  Its not romantic.  Its clean.  I honestly did not get the chance to sample the menu much but I did have the popcorn shrimp Happy Hour Tapas special.  While I was glad to find they pulled the tails off the shrimp (I've been to a place where the whole shrimp was fried and unfortunately not all the tails were gone), it was not what I expected.  The shrimp was a decent size but it was only six.  A shrimp cocktail sized platter at a shrimp cocktail sized price.  The chili sauce was interesting and while I do prefer my food spicy, it was more than acceptable.  I did find it a bit on the sweet side though.  But what should I have expected for a Tapas style dish?  I incorrectly assumed a multitude of Shrimp in line with its "Popcorn" appellation, but that is my problem not theirs. Devil's Den does have a lot of good things going for it.  Would I go back?  Maybe.  But I might only stick to happy hour.  And I might only stick around for an hour.  Its perfect if you like well lit well stocked establishments.  If the idea of bright lights with your beverages is not appealing, I would pass it on by.  But as far as other gastro pubs in the city go, I feel like its falling short of something.  I want to say character, though I hate to sound that harsh, but I'm saying it anyway.
