Having worked in restaurants in Philadelphia and knowing some of the crew responsible for this restaurant I will try to be as objective as possible, and in turn knowing that you shouldn't visit a restaurant in it's first week before they've gotten all the kinks worked out, my wife and I couldn't resist checking it out on day 4.  We'll of course go back and see the progression in a few weeks if not sooner, especially when we can go back for lunch in the future (inevitable), but I have to say that we thought this restaurant was solid from the minute we walked in the door.  To be totally honest this is not a 5 star restaurant, the five stars are there because it wildly exceeded my expectations for the place 4 days in and for the concept as a whole.  Host staff was on it from the get go getting us seated right away and most importantly acknowledging our existence before we even crossed the doorway.  The decor is somewhat of a cross between a futuristic diner and a starkly minimal Momofuku-esque food bar.  Not sure why there aren't more restaurants with open kitchen bars, seeing as in this world full of new "foodies" stuck to their tv sets watching every cooking show in existence, wouldn't they want to recreate that experience live in the restaurants they actually eat in? Maybe this is the future? While we didn't sit at the bar we will in the future and were disappointed that we didn't make that decision this time.  Michael Shulson was on hand in the kitchen and despite the place being somewhat empty at 6:30 when we arrived, by 7pm the place was getting packed and the open kitchen was bustling. The LED backlit forest is a very inviting sight from the sidewalk and surely an "open" sign for all those passing by.  Anyway, we noticed many familiar staff from stalwart restaurants such as Buddakan and Morimoto surely attributing to the casual, efficient and unobtrusive service style.  The menu is set up in an approachable small plate style with great pricing.  You could probably get out of here for $25 a person, but it's hard to resist (especially on a first visit) not ordering everything to try and walk out having spent much more(but isn't that the point of the small plate movement:).  First things first, Michael Shulson is famous for his edamame dumplings to which he made famous at Buddakan but you won't find the same delicate petite dumplings here but more of a authentic chinese style soft dumpling (read: thicker doughier skin, and in my experience working with Chinese chefs this is the real thing).  Many people may dismiss the dumplings as less refined than those of the style he created at Buddakan but it certainly pleased my wife and I to see this style in such a restaurant in Philadelphia and we hope others can appreciate it as well. I also hate to say it but the Philly cheese steak (yet another restaurant twisting Philly's namesake food) with Sriracha was fantastic.  AND the Pork Bahn Mi.  At $9 I predict this being my lunch on many days headed to work.  For what you would pay to eat a sandwich (and I mean this is a cheesesteak sized roll) for almost the same price anywhere in Center City, you can have this instead.  We had the lobster gyoza, which wasn't our favorite but was solid with a great presentation and the inclusion of what looked like some sort of dehydrated chili balanced with the sweet and acidic 1-2 combo of apples and miso.  Finally we had the shrimp & egg fried rice with Virginia ham, and I have to say that Shulson wins the prize of having the most delicate but fully seasoned fried rice in town.  Light but full of flavor!  The wine prices are approachable and we had the Jovly Vouvray at $40 (a deal considering it is real Loire Chenin), perfect for the food we had.  It arrived less than cold, but possibly had just arrived that day considering how soon after the open we came. Overall a great experience for a concept which we had our eyes on because we are fans of David Chang's Momofuku restaurants in the East Village and wanted something similar in our neighborhood.  Next time we'll be hitting up the Ramen and making the comparison. Great new restaurant for Center City.
