I went here last Sunday to celebrate a birthday in the family, and after reading some of the reviews I decided to take a chance. It was pretty empty early evening, which was nice, and we were seated promptly. It was just a small party of 8 people, so not terribly large. After we debated a bit on what to order, we placed our order and waited. And waited, and waited. It took a good 20 minutes for the food to come out (mind you, it wasn't busy). We had an appetizer in the meanwhile, shumai, and it wasn't bad. As most people have said, the food was just meh. Have had much better. We were all served except for my brother, whose food hadn't come out. The waitress never came over once to ask us how everything was, so we were not able to tell her. By the time we were almost finished eating, I managed to get the attention of one of the waitresses and told her that one dish hadn't come out, and it looked like they were arguing amongst themselves as to who forgot. (Pretty simple, it was the waitress for our table). 5 minutes later, my brother's food was out, and there was hardly an apology given. Forget about comping us for the missed dish, as a good and reputable restaurant would have done. I ordered the orange chicken, and it actually was ok. Not really spicy, and it seemed fine. Until after we left and I got home an hour later. The worst diarrhea you could imagine. And the next day. And the day after. And the day after that. Today, 6 days later, I am finally almost normal. Lost about 5 pounds, but not in a way I would suggest to anyone. If you are a fan of salmonella food poisoning, please be my guest and enjoy Asian Grill's cuisine. I, for one, am not and will never ever come back here. Not even if I was paid to eat here. Ruined my week (2 holiday parties and a band rehearsal, not to mention my office routine that was spent half of the time in the bathroom). Sure it wasn't intentional, but perhaps more attention should be taken with cleanliness and freshness of food/ingredients.
