I've read through the other reviews just to ensure that I'm not being unjust. As a chef, sommelier and restaurant consultant I have been to my share of restaurants. I went this past Saturday on the recommendation of a friend. My guest was Roxanne and she is Boricua from the Bronx and she is a Latin food expert. We were very excited to try something new in Park Slope; however, our experience was less than appealing. The time was around 3:30 in the afternoon on Saturday. We were seated the last corner 2 top at the back of the patio. It was a nice afternoon and the ambiance was lively without too many people. Our server was delightful and when we received our menus we ordered caipirinhas. Understandable caipirinhas are a strong cocktail; however, these were mind blowing and without the traditional mix of sweet to sour they were undrinkable. I apologized to my guest even though I didn't make the drinks. When our server came back around we returned the drinks and asked for Sangria with out the fruit. Being in the industry for over 20 years, I understand that sometimes things don't go right and other time people just don't like something, especially if it is something that they don't understand. That being said, the sangria as I told the manager was bad like dishwater bad. O.K. now we've had two bad drinks that we sent back and decided to have just water and I'm starting to get worried about food. Roxanne ordered the morcilla (blood sausage), the taste was fine, but it was cold - cold blood sausage is a new menu item I wouldn't suggest. We shared the Avocado watercress salad and there was only two pieces of avocado, they said there should have been four, and watercress was sparse, mostly filler greens. Roxanne also ordered the chicaron and it was by far the smallest piece of Chicaron for $3 we have ever seen, It was about the size of my fat-laden chef- hand forefinger. And the empanadas Chicken and Steak? They never made it to the table; they must have been hanging out with the avocado. I received my bandeja tipica and laughed at the same little chicaron - "I'm not a size queen, I just know what I like." The food was o.k. but not up to my standard as as a Pollo Mario that has better tipica at almost half the price. $20 vs. $11.95 In conclusion, the manager told us that "everyone else likes the drinks" and "everyone has different tastes" when it came to the food. I work for a living with people that have very discerning tastes and whenever they have something in front of them, that I cooked, that they don't like I IMMEDIATELY start reaching for the plate or drink and show them my concern to correct the issue to their liking as quickly and seamlessly as possible, without trying to make them think that they are in the wrong.
