Avoid this place.  A friend and I drove there after a convention yesterday.  He told me that these two places are famous and they have a long time feud going between the two places.  We first passed Pat's as we approached Geno's looking for a parking spot.  Since we found a spot across from Genos we figured we'd try them since it was really cold out.  I looked at the sign and said $9.00 for a sandwich??? OK, I figured it's gotta be good. We stepped up to the window and I noticed that nobody in the place was smiling or at least looked like they wanted to serve you.  I know a little about serving people from the other side of the counter as I have done it for close to 25 years. We tried to make conversation with the guy at the window who was not impressed or interested. He was really good at saying "What'l ya have" and then says " Nine Dollaz" while the guy to his right scrapes the meat off the grill and drops it into the bread.  Then he puts two slices of Provolone and slaps some little onion squares on it and wraps it in paper.  I asked what do you do for drinks and he then had a very lengthy conversation "Next window" and slid the window shut.  I followed directions and went to the woman at the next window and she was just as polite.  She said "Two dollaz" and handed me my soda. I had a bad feeling about how the famous cheese steak was going to taste.  I unwrapped it to find about 5 small slices of meat with a trace of provolone showing under all those onion chicklets falling out all over the place. They reminded me of the onion bits at Costco's food court, only larger. Cooked a little but not really glazed like a good onion should be on a sandwich like this.  Half of them fell out as I was eating.  While I was really trying to enjoy my $11 investment I looked around and could see why others would be offended. They really rub it in your face with all the signs. I told my buddy that it was probably the worst attempt of a cheese steak I've ever had.  You can do better at Quiznos which I happen to think makes a great sandwich.  I was extremely disappointed and wanted to get my wife a cheese steak because she grew up in Philly and I figured I'd try Pat's for her take home. There was no way I was going to make the same mistake twice.  The guys at Pat's were a tad friendlier, maybe because I told them how bad Geno's sandwich was but they definitely slammed a whole lot more meat on the bread without me even saying anything.  I took a bite of hers to compare and there was no comparison.  It was definitely heftier and tastier.  Now, mind you, I will never go back to either place because neither one is worth it in my opinion.  We froze our asses off at the outdoor tables while you could see a seating section in the center of the restaurant at Genos where I guess they let famous people eat indoors while they take pictures with them leaving everyone else to eat outside.  I didn't even want to ask to use a restroom. People, invest your hard earned money wisely by avoiding places like this. We passed many small eateries where I'm sure $11 buys a better sandwich and drink where the people smile and you can sit for awhile inside.  Needless to say we both agreed that if we're ever in Philly again we would hit up the other joints.  All in all, I have to say even though the sandwich wasn't cheesy, the décor was!
