I am a huge fan of cajun/creole cuisine so when I purchased a Living Social deal fir Catahoula I was excited beyond belief. So picking a Friday night when I, a soon to be graduate of Temple University so I have NO free time, could go & enjoy myself with my boyfriend off we went. Upon entering the bar it seemed hectic. There was no one to tell you where to sit & when we asked a waitress she refused to tell us where we could go. The bartender came around the bar & helpfully explained we could sit anywhere & when we lokked outside, he left the busy bar & followed us to a table with 2 menus. After ordering our drinks (my hurricane was tasty but extremely weak) we ordered 2 appetizers (cornmeal crusted oysters & honey/cajun mustard wings) 2 entrees (oyster po boy & shrimp po boy) and 2 side dishes (smoked gouda grits & fried green tomato). After about 20 minutes our apps came & man were they outstanding!! It gave us a lot of hope for the rest of the meal...which came out eventually ober an hour after we ate our apps. A table of 6 next to us that was seated after we ordered was finished eating their apps & entrees and were ordering dessert before our food came out a little at a time. The grits would have been really good if they had been hot. My boyfriend's po boy came out next & it had the same cornmeal crusted oysters from the appetizer on it. Next came the green tomatoes & more of the cornmeal breading. Finally my shrimp po boy came out & again with the cornmeal breading. Don't get me wrong, I love fried food & I enjoy a good cornmeal crust but if I had known that everything was going to be made the same way, we would have ordered.some varying dishes. & i would like to point out that the bread used for the sandwiches was no french baguette but more of a hoagie roll. That's not right. No matter, I had waited so long to get my food I was no longer hungry. We just wanted to get the hell out of there & put the experience behind us. The waitress did get us a round of drinks when I complained about how our neighbors were finished eating & they had arrived & ordered after us. It was a nice gesture but it was not going to win me over. If she had been attentive in any way while we were waiting then maybe it would have helped but to simply ignore us sitting there wax pretty crappy. When we looked around there were a few other tables that were having the same experience. Very disappointing.
