Ok, I made an account just to review this place. Yes, its THAT good. This place is amazing. Best thai food I have ever had. The service is amazing and mama is great. My husband and I went for lunch with our 18 month old son. Everyone fawned over my son, they put some children's cartoons up on the tv (allowing us to eat in peace with him) and brought him a little cup of iced tea (mostly milk). We ordered the topaz puffs, the shrimp rolls, the chicken satay (on recommendation from Jesse, Mama's husband), and a bowl of tom kha shrimp to start. Everything was delicious. The pastry on the topaz puffs melts in your mouth and the shrimp in the shrimp rolls was so fresh. I'm not normally a big fan of chicken satay, I've had too many poor renditions of dry chicken and one-note peanut butter sauce, however this one was great. The sauces that went with it were so delicious and had such deep, developed flavors and the chicken was wonderfully juicy and tender. The tom kha shrimp soup was lovely and again, the flavors were wonderfully developed and soothing with a nice spicy kick and beautifully cooked shrimp. They also brought out complimentary salads for us which were really nice and refreshing, I especially liked the dressing. For our main course, Jesse told us that he had cod he caught himself that was super fresh and we asked him to make it in the style of the volcano tilapia (with the cod instead) which was a filleted cod belly fried and crispy and covered in a sweet and spicy tamarind-chili sauce, topped with a few huge shrimp. It was absolutely incredible. My husband declared it the best Asian dish he had ever eaten, no small feat. We asked for it extremely spicy -- thai hot, and they made it perfect for us, very hot but just right, it complemented the flavor without overwhelming it. So many other thai places are half-hearted about the spicing and when you complain that it is not hot enough and certainly not thai hot they just bring red pepper flakes or plain pepper sauce which ruins the flavor of the dish when you have to add a bunch in. Also the thai iced tea here is excellent and very generously portioned. We loved our meal and the atmosphere here so much we came back the next day for dinner. My husband worried that our meal was too good the day before and this experience would not be able to live up to it. He didn't need to worry, our meal was totally different this time but just as delicious. This time we started with the crab rolls and "mama's rock shrimp appetizer" which was not on the menu (it was recommended by the waitress who i think was mama's daughter); it was fried rock shrimp in a crispy coconut batter over an apple-onion-vegetable salad with cilantro and herbs all topped with a tangy peanut dressing.It was amazing. Once again we ordered tom kha shrimp, some big thai iced teas, and once again we received complimentary salads. For our entree we had the crispy basil duck made very spicy again which was superb. Although we were stuffed, mama insisted we try her pumpkin custard which she had roasted the pumpkin for herself the day before. Words cannot even describe. If you're lucky enough to catch one of the days where she is serving pumpkin custard, make sure you order it no matter how full. It is so amazing, served warm with a side of vanilla ice cream, definitely a MUST try. The flavor is just beautiful, the perfect end to a perfect meal. Service is great, everyone is so nice and welcoming--like family. I highly recommend that if they recommend a dish you take the recommendation, every recommendation we followed turned out great. We were visiting the newark area from far to see if it was somewhere we'd like to move and I think this confirmed our already positive feelings. We're definitely hoping we can relocate and make this place a regular dinner spot.
