My husband and I live a few blocks away, and have come here since it first opened. We have seen Jack the Horse morph from a small neighborhood place into a local near-phenom -- with all the good and bad that that implies. Until the recession hit, we found we could no longer just walk in and eat, and had to make reservations as early as a day or two ahead, or else eat at 9pm. Even then, it would take us three hours to get in and out; the service, never very swift to begin with, really suffered from the overflow crowds (as much as you can get overflow crowds in Brooklyn Heights). Now, JtH seems  to have got back to a manageable level of fame. The food is still the best New American in Brooklyn Heights. I recently tried the pork loin with pickled beets and roasted brussels sprouts, all cooked to perfection. The portion was large enough that I took some home and had it for breakfast (!) the day after, and the loin was still moist and tasty. My husband loves the juicy burger on a ciabatta with Asiago, and I can't say I blame him. And when I revert back to semi-vegetarian mode, I always, always order the smoked trout salad. It has enough green in it to make me feel virtuous, but the hollandaise dressing, potatoes, and trout stop me feeling sorry for myself for ordering salad. And I am normally not a cold-green-salad kind of girl. The atmosphere is usually nice and buzzy, and it's a lovely room. Service has now got efficient enough that we can be in and out in an hour and a half, even when we order three courses with wine (which we invariably do). It's also the one place in the neighborhood we can take friends from the city or elsewhere to, and know that everyone will find something to love. Sunday brunch is packed, but strangely easier to get a table for if you get there by noon. The wine, beer and cocktail lists are deep and well-chosen. The fish specials are a bit inconsistent (the fish is sometimes overdone and too busily seasoned and plated), but on the whole, Jack the Horse is the perfect neighborhood bistro -- whether you actually live in the neighborhood or not.
