Casa Mia is one of several restaurants trying to carry on the tradition of good Italian Food in what is known as the Little Italy of Hartford, which is mainly Franklin Avenue. I lived off of Franklin Ave. for a few years as a kid and have a lot of mouth-watering memories of spinach pies, gelato, lemon ice (the real thing), anise flavored cookies, huge aluminum containers of melt-in-your mouth ravioli - and on, and on.   Back then, most families also had gardens in their backyards, complete with grape arbors for making their own wine. There was never any garbage on the sidewalks and it was safe to stay outside with your friends well into the evening in the summertime. A lot has changed since then, but as I said, there are a few spots trying to hold on to the traditions. Casa Mia, a family-owned restaurant at 381 Franklin Ave. (at the corner of Preston Street) is one of those. It's a little bit formal - you wouldn't go there in shorts and a T-shirt - a little bit subdued, a little pricey and the waitstaff is a somewhat reserved (not aloof - more like dignified). The menu items include plenty of pasta dishes and lots of seafood, as well as chicken and beef. They post their menu online, so you can browse and see that most of the dishes are upscale Italian. When I was there earlier this month, I overheard a fellow diner say he was surprised to see a wine from the area where he grew up in Italy. Casa Mia serves lunch and dinner, but when I was there on a Wednesday for lunch, there were only 6 people in the place. It seemed a shame. They have a cozy bar and a nice glass-enclosed area with a few tables - with brick walls and wooden beams and wine bottles tucked into arched windows - where you can watch people coming and going. Lunchtime specials (appetizer and entrée) are all priced at $16.50 and dinner specials are $28.50. Or you can go with antipasto - choices include veal, sirloin, chicken or seafood and range from $13.95 to $16.98 per platter. For my appetizer, I chose Calamaretti Affogati - squid slices in a spicy tomato sauce with capers, olives and spinach, beautifully cooked and presented. For my entrée, I chose Ucelletti di Manzo - beef top-round rolled with asparagus, cheese, proscuitto and herbs served with broccoli and cauliflower on the side. The beef was tender and deliciously seasoned, with a pleasant salty note from the proscuitto. Casa Mia also will serve your meal family-style for a group of at least six. This includes four courses with unlimited servings and salad, a side of vegetables and coffee, at a price of $16.95 for lunch and $28 for dinner. Hours are from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday (closed Tuesdays), from 4 to 10 p.m. on Saturday and from 4 to 9 p.m. on Sunday. Major credit cards are accepted. There's plenty of parking, but you have to watch for the entrance, which is off of Franklin. More information is available online at tomad.net Or call 860-296-3441.
