BEWARE! We had a party there recently this month at the banquet hall there and it was a terrible awful experience. Unfortunately my parents wanted to have the event there because the food is good, only plus for this place. To start off with all the negatives though 1. The Owner is a cocky fake man who is a complete salesman so will try to make you believe he knows what he doing when in reality the only thing he can do is cook. He promised to provide the best customer service but all of my negative experiences listed below will show that this is not true at all. 2.  The "food tasting" to enable finalizing the menu was a complete disaster. He offered this as a service to us but we when we went there this is what happened. We called the day before and evening of to make sure he would be there at the specific time we planned on coming in -- he was not there until 45 minutes later. His staff sat us and did not even have the courtesy to tell us he wasn't coming for awhile until 20 minutes of us sitting there and having to wave over the so called manager in the dining room. We started ordering the food we want to taste and were told "we do not actually make these items except for on the day of the party (4 of 9 items)"... we how does that make sense? This is the point of a FOOD TASTING - You provide the hosts with samples of these items so that we CAN DECIDE whether we want it the day off. Completely disappointed, we were told we should have told them ahead of time this is what we wanted to try so that the chef would prepare. Well we were not asked or made aware of that the 2 times we called to confirm the appointment. 3. Exchanged emails a week prior to the event to confirm room set up, menu finalization, and linen choice. Received 1 email reply confirming all would be done. We verified things with one more email and received no reply We called three days before the event and verbally spoke to the owner and he claims he is a simple man who does not use email and implied everything would be handled he read through it all and understood even more after our phone call what we wanted and expected. He confirmed he would be there the day of the party too in case we needed help or had any issues.. oh and.. he implied we were too worried... as we should be because: 4. The DAY OF THE EVENT WAS A NIGHTMARE. We walked in. THE OWNER WAS NOT THERE. His absolutely rude, bitter, and disheveled wife and I guess co-owner led us to the back hall where the only thing that was right was the linen colors we requested and food order. 5. The room set up was not communicated. We asked for 8 tables of 8 chairs so we could have a bigger dance floor space. There were 12 tables of 6 chairs. When we went back and asked the wife owner lady to fix it she said she recommended keeping it so we could have the extra chairs but the would move the tables around so we could have more dance floor space. When we went back into the room the manager of the night Uday said he understood that this wouldn't work still because the room would be too tight if we did not take out at least 2 tables. So he just moved them off to the side in a corner which was really ugly but we just let it go because we were short on time to continue arguing. 6. The place is BYOB for events but they provide a bartender. That they did, underaged ones. Who did not know what they were doing. 7. The ROOM WAS DIRTY. They were literally cleaning it with 30 minutes left before our event was beginning. 8. The bartenders who were also double duty the bussers in the room claimed their ice machine broke half way through the night so did not give us any ice OR water for the second half of our party. Disgusting. 9. Even more disgusting - they told our guests we were out of wine. At the end of the night, they helped us pack up the rest of our alcohol that was out on the bar but we luckily took it upon ourselves to check the coolers.. where therein was MORE OF OUR alcohol, INCLUDING WINE. 10.  We did not have the mangers attention to detail yet alone service as it appeared he was doing double duty in the dining room. Again, where is the owner in all of this for us to communicate an event in a banquet hall requires ONE MANAGER to report to the guest for assistance at all times? Nowhere to be found. 11. We had to ask them to bring out one of our desserts that they forgot to put out. 12. At the end of the night, the co-owner-wife came in with an attitude & told us we couldnt take a few of the desserts in a plate that we PAID FOR just did not have time to eat. She rudely yelled at us like children. That is when we finally gave her a piece of our mind about all of the above and she actually had the nerve to argue with us about everything. She even confirmed she was the one that replied to the email about the room setup, throwing herself under the bus, because she is to blame for the lack of the room being set up. And the manger was only there for 2 weeks so far. REGRET USING THEM!
