At just about their fourth anniversary, Cafe Triskell is starting to hit its' stride. This is my first food review on these food blogs.  However, I feel obligated to write this one as Cafe Triskell is truly an original.  Besides family, I think I am one of the original plankowner regulars.  This would mean hundreds of crepes, dozens of croque madames, onion soups, moules frites, broken glasses, and vitriolic cursing since the Spring of 2006.  Every bit of it delicious and entertaining. You can go to Triskell to satisfy your high end food cravings (date night, party, after work, etc). But what you need to know and understand is that this place is really about the chef and his comprehensive knowledge of food/baking preparation.  Chef Philippe does everything himself.  I mean everything.  He knows exactly how & why his food needs to look, smell & taste.  He knows exactly how & why his food is right or wrong.   The funny thing about Triskell is that it is a great spot for romantic dates, but it's also a great spot to take kids.  Chef Phil is very educational.  Kids love watching him make the dessert crepes.  He and his wife are very nice to customers.  I think it has something to do with the Breton culture. Best time to go eat is on a Wednesday night.  You can walk in on the weekends, but this place has become so popular that you should call ahead for a reservation.  Just don't sit at the center stool because that's my spot, but come in and add to the conversation.   Favorites: Appetizer:   French Onion Soup or Butternut Squash Soup (in season - best I've ever had) Goat Cheese Salad or Mozzarella Tower (special) Terrine of Foie Gras (special - the best) Entree: Mussels and Fries (simple and enormous portions) Crab Cakes (absolutely the best I've ever had - all lump crabmeat with mustard seeds and other spices, dusted in panko bread crumbs on top & bottom.  Flash sauteed in butter and baked) Muscovy Duck and Polenta (special - I would love it with wild rice) My favorite Entree:  Scallop or Lobster Risotto with Chorizo Crepes: Scallop Crepes - Scallops & mushrooms cooked in cider sauce Sauteed Mushrooms in garlic butter on buckwheat crepe Egg, Ham & cheese - done in the Breton style My favorite:  Smoked Turkey, swiss with cranberry relish Dessert Crepes: Butter & Sugar Poached Pear My favorite:  tell him to cook it "well done" to a crispy crunch and add maple syrup
