I'd probably give this place a 2 and 1/2 stars if I had the option.  So, I took my wife here this past Saturday night for her birthday, never having been here before.  I chose it because it got fairly good reviews, and because of its proximity to the Broadway show we were seeing that night, starting at 8 pm.  We had a 6 pm reservation, and we got there at 6:05, and were seated immediately.  We were given a very nice table, next to a faux garden.  We ordered a bottle of wine, and it came pretty quickly.  It was a pretty good Chardonnay.  We actually ordered our apps and main courses at the same time (approximately 6:20).  The apps took a little while, but not crazy long to come.  We got the tuna tar tar, which was delicious (kind of like ceviche, with guac), and the beet salad, which was...eh.  Needed seasoning, and the beets were undercooked.  Then, we wait.  And wait.  And wait.  6:45, 7 pm, 7:15 pm, and no main courses.  Granted, it was busy, being a Sat. night, but still, waiting over an hour, there's no excuse for that.  I ask the waitress what's going on, and she said, "oooh, they forgot to "fire" it" (meaning, they forgot to start making the main dishes).  My wife was convinced it was the waitress' fault - that she never hit the "fire" button as we were finishing our apps.  Anyway, a few mins later, we were given a free app (the cheapest one on the menu).  We were assured, at 7:20, that the main dishes would be out "soon".  7:30.  Still nothing.  I go to the hostess and ask to speak to a manager.  He comes over a few mins. later, and I say "Look, we have a show to go to that starts at 8 pm, and at this point, we would be scarfing down our food."  He didn't make any excuses, just said "they lost our ticket", and apologized, saying "This is not normally like us."  He asked what we wanted to do, and we decided to cancel the main dishes.  He said he would bring us another free app.  He also said he would make "adjustments" to the bill accordingly.  A couple of mins. later, we were served my wife's main dish, the Chilean sea bass.  We were assured we wouldn't get charged for it.  It was actually delicious - it's just a shame we had to share it, and a shame we had to eat so quickly.  When the bill came, we were charged for the bottle of wine and for one app., so we ended up getting the wine, 4 apps, and a main dish for $57 (including tax).  We got to the theatre right on time.  So, all in all, the ambiance was nice, the food was good, the staff was nice, but the service was AWFUL.  I may come here again, but only if I have no set schedule, and maybe not on a Sat. night.  Just be warned.............. leave yourself a LOT of time if you plan on eating here!
