I have only positive things to say about the food here- especially the mac & cheese. They have a cute atmosphere and a great happy hour. I've been coming here since I've been living in NY but unfortunately, they have lost my business. The service here has been absolutely atrocious the last few times I have gone. My friends and I went for my birthday and the server had attitude, refused to help us with some of their happy hour prices, ignored us, and was just an all-around horrible employee. One of my friends got  there late and at 6:55, decided he wanted to order some food from the happy hour menu (we all wanted another glass of wine as well). He tried to flag the server down, who made eye contact, and walked in the other direction. Strangely enough, the server was no where to be found until 7:01, when he came to our table. We explained that we were ready to order and tried to speak to him before happy hour was over but he started fighting with us, saying there was nothing that could be done. We started getting upset and he sighed and said he could check, but doubtful that anything would be in our favor. We didn't even get a chance to ask him for the other few glasses of wine (which we wouldn't have gotten anyway at HH prices because of his nasty attitude toward customers). He came back and said he would do the HH price mac & cheese for us but "next time we really need to make sure we order before 7pm)." We told him to cancel our order and we left to go to a MUCH better choice, Note, the time before when he served us, he had to change the check THREE times because he kept trying to overcharge us (once for a glass of wine that we never got, and two times because he was trying to charge us for full priced glasses when they were supposed to be HH prices). This level of service is absolutely appalling and they will not be getting our service again. *note: we spoke to the manager, who gave us some nice cheese on our way out and he was absolutely lovely to deal with but sadly, we just won't go back if there is any chance that we get stuck with that waiter again.
