This is a very special place.  I thought the service was exceptional by fine dining standards, although it is a more welcoming, casual spot.  Not stuffy at all for the level of service presented.  My server was very well-versed on the wines by the glass and knew exactly what I was looking for when I said I wanted a "funky" white, and poured me a Roussane that really opened up nicely as it warmed up in my glass.  Interesting and unique selections by the glass.   The food menu was fun, too.  It's a set menu, so if you are particular with your likes and dislikes, you may not enjoy as much the lovely and divine feeling I had, which was just to show up and have my decisions already made for me.  I really liked the pre-set menu as it felt like a very nice adventure to have in the trusting hands of the chef.  Everything was well-seasoned, except I wished there was just a teensy bit more salt to accompany the chicken, literally just a tiny sprinkle of Maldon or something.  But that's just me.  And it was soooo good, as was the monkfish, and everything, really.  Also, the bread was lovely, so please order it.  And even though we didn't get the additional cheese course, which I regret not doing, it looked pretty heavenly at the table next to us. And the desserts were ethereal and really challenged traditional dessert notions, like a wonderful beet puree with goat's milk yogurt parfait.  At least I think that's what it was, I just know I really enjoyed it. You can trust this place to deliver and to excite your senses.  I marvelled at what a beauty this menu was and also what an exceptional value this place is at $55 per person.  I just moved away from NYC, and this place will have to be a part of my travel plans upon my return, just to see what magical, new menu pops up.  I am so excited I just happened to hear about this place while I was in town. On a side note, I now reside in Los Angeles and have seen a lot of fussy, dieting, allergy ridden and vegetarian diners.  If you are one of these diners, do be nice to this place if you go, I'd just hate to see the lot of you not like it because it's a place that already has a pre-set menu.  Restaurants aren't built to "build" a menu just for you and it is embarrassing when I am in the company of these people.  You know who you are ;)
