DO NOT GO HERE EVER!  THIS PLACE SHOULD GET CLOSED DOWN!   I wish I could give NEGATIVE STARS b/c that's how horrible this place is!!  A reservation for a promotion celebration was made multiple days in advance for 7:30pm on Sunday evening.  When 3 members of the party got there at 7:15pm they were told they would not be seated until all 9 people were in attendance.  (Probably because their reservation book was a disaster and by the crowd, no table had been reserved for a party of our size)  We patiently waited for all the members of the party to get there.  When 6 people were there  they still wouldn't seat us!  As the 6 of us waited in the rain for the last group to arrive (who were traveling over an hour's distance) we were finally a full party around 7:50pm.   As I went back to the hostess counter to say we were all there, the hostess was nice and sympathetic as she saw us waiting there in the rain.  When she motioned to the manager to show the reservation he then turned to me and preceded to scold me on what it means to be on time.  He then went on to mention that he thought the party had left they didn't know we were here.. Which was completely insane b/c the hostess who i had earlier complemented on her beautiful makeup was well aware that we had been waiting.  I replied saying that 3 people were 15 minutes early and 6 people were there on time... his tone got even more aggravated.  He said that 7:30 meant 7:30 and now the wait was going to be 2.5hrs.   BTW The "reservation book,"  which should be used as a VERY LOOSE term...for all of you whose reservation was "lost" or "forgotten" its b/c this "book"is a yellow legal pad with scribbled numbers and partial letters/initials on it.... Completely unorganized and unprofessional.   Anyway,  waiting 2 and 1/2 hrs wasn't an option for my group as we are all professionals and traveled from various distances, we were not about to have Sunday dinner at 9:30-10pm.  When i asked for my reservation to get removed from the "book"  the manager got extremely angry and he put a huge scribble cross on the ENTIRE page and said GOOD GET OUT OF HERE.   Its sad that i was expecting that behavior due to the NUMEROUS reviews posted on zagat and yelp.  But I NEVER would have expected what happened next!!! As I turned to walk away, the manager said, "GO BACK TO WHERE YOU CAME FROM."  I swear to all you readers my head never turned around so fast!  My entire party was dressed in shirts and ties and the girls were in summer cocktail dresses.... WHERE WAS HE GOING WITH THAT LINE.   I turned around so fast to see his staff along with other people waiting for a table with their jaws hanging open.  When i said, "excuse me, would you like to repeat that"  like any coward of a man, he couldn't look me in the eye to repeat it.   With no response, from this poor excuse for a business man, and man in general, i turned to gather my group and go to a real establishment..... just when i heard another mumble behind my back.  UNBELIEVABLE!!   I turned around again and asked him, "excuse me AGAIN, would you like to repeat that."   As I stood my ground and waiting for a response in near silent crowd of patrons, he tucked his head motioned his hand in a waving fashion and said "get out of here." As my guests and I were walking out, one of the girls slipped on the dangerously slippery tiles due the the rain and completely fell.  Luckily all we wanted to do was get out of this place, because it EASILY could have been a lawsuit. Although an unfortunate situation at that restaurant, we were happy to walk up the block to church street where an absolutely exceptional young girl was signing outside.  We decided to celebrate at Tosca which turned out to be absolutely fantastic.   I hope people read these reviews and stop going there.  Because I work in a similar industry, I am certainly writing a negative review on every site I can and will be calling all my contacts at the food network as well as local print publications to write about what myself and many other people have experienced.  Furthermore, they have so many tables and people crammed in there I'm sure random visits to ensure no fire codes are broken wouldn't hurt.  Also a followup visit to make sure their "sangria mix" still meets NJ State laws as well as local laws.  (It has a low alcohol content in it (so don't serve to minors)) Never in my life as anyone ever spoken to me like that and I want to make sure no one else is treated that way either.  There are so many fantastic restaurants within walking distance from there where the people are amazing and WANT your business (and have better food)  There is no reason to continue supporting an establishment like this.  I feel sorry for the staff and for the family of that manager.  Karma will surely catch up to him in the near future.
