So I remember passing by this place a few times this past year and always having the same reaction; "Omg this place looks so cute, finally a hipster joint right by where I live, need to stop by ASAP with some friends". And then weeks pass by and Im too caught up with my hectic schedule to remember the cute little grilled cheese haven wedged in between Pollo Loco ( or whatever it's called) and Avon. UNTIL TODAY! I woke up this morning with a migraine and immediately remembered that I had a ton of research to do, couldn't find my phone charger, ran out of coffee and there was no more hot water. Oh boy. If I don't get my coffee fix Hurricane Sophia is going to wreck the streets of Astoria. And so I grabbed my laptop, cell phone and keys and went on my way to Starbucks. As Im walking towards Steinway in the sweltering heat with the anticipation of once again struggling to find peace of mind or a seat at a ridiculously over crowded and overly loud Starbucks, I spot the Queens Kickshaw. And would you believe me if I said that the birds started to sing, and the sun shined just a little bit brighter, and my feet no longer dragged themselves but skipped all the way to the Kickshaw. I walk in hoping for the best but expecting the worst as I always am when I go to study at Starbucks ( on Steinway). First observance: No loud chess players taking up half the seats. Good sign. No baby carriages blocking the way to the cash register...okay. No hobo sitting in the corner screaming nonsense?! NO WAY! This. Is. Awesome. I approach the cash register and I encounter an extremely likable cashier/ counter girl. I didn't catch her name but she was super sweet, very laid back and was quick to explain how the ordering worked at the Queens Kickshaw. She seemed genuinely interested in how I came across the kickshaw, and she even complimented me on my shirt :). I placed my order ( classic grilled cheese and an iced coffee) and sat down on one of the stool benches towards the back of the cafe. Finally I don't have to fight over outlets to charge my laptop. The food came promptly and was really delicious. Everything you expect from a great grilled cheese sandwich: Warm, buttery, golden brioche encasing an oozey medley of melted cheddar and mozzarella cheese. Ahhh soooo good. What was even better though was the iced coffee. Let me just say this: THEY HAVE SUGAR WATER. I always ask for sugar water in my iced coffee at dunkin donuts, at Starbucks, at the local cafe shop and this is the first time I actually get it! Without asking! So I stayed there for a total of three hours and worked productively on my work. They play calm jazz music during the early afternoon which gives the place a nice chill vibe. Around 7 they change the music to alternative rock which I LOVED. They played the strokes and Two Door Cinema Club. The waiters there show up at around 6 and they all seem pretty cool. Tattoos and gages and all. One of them approached me to see if I would like anything which I appreciated. He was the same guy I payed at the register and he was really nice, smiling while doing his job which I really like. Besides the nice atmosphere here I really loved the food, thought it was worth the money. The iced coffee was the best iced coffee Ive had in while. Not the kind that is masked by loads of sweet flavored syrup. But REAL robust coffee flavor that a true coffee lover would appreciate. This place gets 5 stars for atmosphere, great food and a very likable and down to earth staff. Will be back soon!
