Excellent! Was very upset when Franco's left Ridge Ave in 2009, but so excited Franco is back in East Falls! Made a reservation on a Saturday night and was with a party of three. Great atmosphere, open, and very welcoming! Much smaller than operation on Ridge and a much more intimate setting. Wait staff was outstanding and attentive the entire night and food was simply outstanding. Immediate seating and very accommodating of our request to sit by the window. Drink orders were immediate and our water glasses were never less than half full. Complimentary bruschetta (very fresh bread and tomatoes, perfectly seasoned) and fresh bread served with an outstanding olive oil and crushed tomato and pepper. We split two appetizers among our table of 3. We ordered the muscles, which were served to perfection (and also served as great dipping for bread after we finished the muscles) and fresh arugula with goat cheese and fresh tomatoes. Wait staff provided us with additional bread to go along with both the appetizer and the meal. After our appetizers we each had three unique entrees: gnocchi with parmesan and gorgonzola cream based sauce, veal medallions and marsala served with fresh broccoli rab with carrots and grilled potatoes, and I ordered a special grilled sea bass in a delicate sauce along with broccoli rab and grilled potatoes. All of us were very pleased with our entrees. I tried all three and would highly recommend all of them and they were all simply excellent and outstanding. The sea bass was a really unique item, very fresh and cooked to perfection! After our entrees we all ordered a dessert. To my delight, Franco was offering sorbet which was one of my favorite items from Ridge. We ordered the creme brulee, lemon sorbet and mango sorbet. The creme burlee was outstanding. The sorbet is my favorite, very smooth flavor with the perfect amount of sweetness. Served very elegantly in a frozen shell of the fruit (either mango or lemon) nicely garnished.   Pricing of food provides great value, our bill was around $90 for two appetizers, three entrees and three deserts! Also had the added bonus of complementary bruschetta, endless supply of bread and BYOB. A delightful night with a great staff, amazing food, and amazing atmosphere. We felt like we were in Europe, we came at 7 and stayed until 9, we enjoyed our food and our wine (BYOB)! Franco and his staff were excellent. We all enjoyed our experience and are looking forward to returning soon. So glad you are back in East Falls!
