***I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT NOBODY EATS AT THE CRANBURY INN. THERE ARE MULTIPLE ISSUES LISTED BELOW BUT THE FIRST IS THE SANITATION OF THEIR FOOD! *** Before reading this review, I must preface with the fact that my husband and I became physically ill from their food. I suspect there are sanitation issues in the kitchen based on the obvious reheating of precooked food. The Cranbury Inn was a dreadful. I do not recommend eating here or hosting a wedding based on the grave customer service from management and the horrendous overpriced food. We went to the Cranbury Inn for dinner service and walked out feeling ill and hungry. My husband ordered a "diet coke" for starters and they brought out "RC Cola" which should have been an indication for the outdated food to come. If that was not enough to be a clear warning, the complete empty restaurant during a weekday dinner rush should have been an hint of trouble to come. Before ordering we were served cold, dry, yellow potato rolls which were clearly delivered in mass quantities. The bread was dry and hard to the taste. When ordering we asked if there was a hamburger on the menu and we were told that management only offers it at the bar. We were disappointed, but since I am 7 months pregnant, we opted not to sit in the high backed wooden bar stools and eat at our table instead.  This was only one example of the unaccommodating management practices. For the dinner entrees you get an option of soup or salad with your supper.  We were told the two options were "Turkey Cream soup or lentil bean". Under appetizers in the front of the menu "Three Cheese Onion Soup" is offered, but we were told Management does not let customers order that soup, because that is an appetizer only. Disappointed again with the lack of flexibility, we order the house salad with homemade blue cheese dressing for myself and honey mustard for my spouse. The dressing was mediocre-nothing to rave home about.  The lettuce was crisp but turning brown and tasted like metal. My husband ordered a "smoked rib eye steak with potatoes and vegetables". When ordering we were told of a nightly special for rib eye which was pan seared. We were told they could not customize the smoked rib eye not to be smoked, since it was already done. Clearly this means that his dinner was reheated which was clear when it was served. His steak was dry, tough, and tasted nothing like smoked meat. The potatoes were clearly microwaved since they were crispy on the bottom and only hot in the middle. I ordered the "Roast Turkey with homemade corn bread, mashed potatoes, and vegetables". When it came out the presentation looked as bad as it tasted. The turkey was dry, rubbery, and clearly reheated as well. The potatoes were the same as on my husbands plate and very bland. The vegetables were extremely mushy as well. The cornbread was a real disappointment too. It was creamed, soggy, with chunks of hard bread in between. Disgusting. The only thing worse than the food was the inexcusable behavior or the "manager" and "owner".  Our server was a lovely woman who tried to accommodate the situation unlike the management in charge. She asked how our supper was and I told her that it was really not good. She said she would tell management and soon came back to the table, clearly uncomfortable. I felt bad for her, since her manager told her, "Oh well, other people have ordered it today." She said, "please don't be upset with the messenger". I of course, realized this was nothing to do with her and asked if she could tell her manager I wanted to speak with him and that she did not need to be the middle women. The owner came up and said "what's the problem?" I said, "Sir, this turkey is dreadful, it's rubbery and dry".  He quickly cut me off and said, "Well four other people order it. It's made fresh everyday". I said, "Clearly, but it has been reheated and the rest of the entrée is inedible too. These potatoes are bland and cold. And sir, look at this cornbread, it's soggy." He laughed and said, "You're the first person to ever complain" and walked away rolling his eyes. I assure you, I was not rude. However the dish was gravely over priced for $18! It was not worth more than $7.00.  My husbands was a whopping $27.00 which was abominable. The manager and owner's lack of management ability to treat the patron with respect was unacceptable. He put the serve in an uncomfortable position, was unaccommodating to the situation, and obviously has other inflexible policies in place about ordering that frustrate the customer and servers alike. The management needs a wake up call and the chiefs need to be retrained. We were very disappointed all around.  Do not waste your money!
