Oh. My. God. Well - thank you, rail house, for the free wifi so I could download yelp to leave this review! This is sad - the burgers are actually good - but the service leaves EVERYTHING to be desired. By the time you are done being patronized by the wait staff, followed by the "manager", then the owner - you are just done wanting to purchase anything at this place. Decent fries or not. Definitely don't ever purchase a "deal" - groupon, yelp, living social - you will be accused of "trying to get things for free" in the words of the "manager". I bought the deal - the deal YOU offered. I even offered to pay more when I was told I could not substitute chicken for beef on the burger - something I have done previously here and never have been upcharged for.  Apparently this is in the "fine print" according to the waitress (who turns out is on her 3rd day of work. Which in customer service philosophy means you go ask - don't say what you don't know). Then we made an error. Some of us sat at the same table and were very explicit that two pairs of us were each using groupons - my fault there - should have read that fine print for that one!  But then after the food was prepared and drinks served, THEN we were told about the fine print. Finally the "manager" went to get the owner. Owner comes out and is automatically yelling at us and is complaining that "this is why she does not do groupon". All I could think about was kitchen nightmares and Gordan Ramsey yelling at owners for treating their customers in this way. Overall we had a very large party and were spending a lot of money between the food and drinks. Someone needs to take this business owner to customer service training because she is terrible. While yelling at us, a friend steps out for a smoke and witnessed the waitress yelling about our "asshole table". When he comes back in he tells the owner. Owner lady then goes to the kitchen. When she comes back she is yelling at us for falsely accusing her staff of talking about us and berates him to the point of him the APOLOGIZING TO HER. I think I am now in bizarro land. Finally about 45 mins after ordering we finally get half of our order. When the other half comes out - it is burned. Cute. We will give the waitress the benefit of the doubt - especially when the owner says "well I don't train my staff on groupon" - but based on the owner alone this is definitely somewhere I will not be bringing my business to again, and I DO NOT recommend you bring your business here either.
