I try to frequent Zavino as much as possible for lunch since it's right around the corner from my office. The last 2 months or so I've had Friday afternoons off so as soon as I would leave my office for the weekend, I would head over to Zavino for some delicious pizza and a cocktail at the bar. The pizza is over the top delicious - definitely the best in the city and as a person who dines out frequently, I feel that I most certainly have a good basis on which to judge the food quality. Aside from the food, I absolutely love my Friday lunches at the bar. The bartender (Becca) is not only extremely personable and fun to chat with, but she also makes a mean martini and remembers my name and drink immediately. She's even making the martini before I have a chance to order and placing it down in front of me as I eye up the specials on the boards behind her so I can try a new dish/pizza each time. She is absolutely the best bartender in terms of service quality and breadth of knowledge that I've experienced in the city. Definitely try to grab a bar stool when she's behind the bar. However, having said all that, a few weeks ago, I had some family visiting from out of town and just had to take them to eat at Zavino for dinner on Monday night which I haven't really done before. My guests were just as taken with the food as I am - they LOVED the handmade pasta and speciality pizzas, especially the polpettini, and my niece who has a terrible gluten allergy was able to eat pizza for the first time in years since they offer gluten-free crust as well. I must say, though, after having gotten used to the incredible service I have experienced on my regular Friday lunches, the service we experienced at dinner was not just lackluster, it was downright horrendous. Don't get me wrong, the food came out fast and was deliciously prepared as always, but our server was rude, unfriendly, and almost even insulting. I had seen Becca (my regular Friday lunch bartender) waiting tables that night and had hoped to be sat at one of her tables but since it was so busy and the restaurant being as small as it is, the first table open was in the other server's section (a pixie-like red head who I believe was named Becca as well). She pretty much came close to making the experience intolerable. When my bartender Becca stopped by the table to say hello, I readily introduced her to my family and then let her know what a terrible experience we were having with our server. She instantaneously went over to the manager to inform him of our disappointment and he quickly came over to apologize and sent over dessert for free. That was nice, but not nearly enough to assuage our frustration. SO... in conclusion, the food is ALWAYS top notch, my Friday bartender is amazing, try to avoid the bitchy redhead, and check out their signature cocktails - the miti bleu martini is my fave (vodka martini w bleu cheese stuffed olives wrapped in prosciutto). DELISH!!
