Finally made it out to Gato last week and it was amazing!! We initially called to get 8pm reservations but we were told no reservations available. My boyfriend and I knew we were going to be in that area so we decided that we would go there anyway and see if their was any availability at the bar.  Decor and ambiance was great!! Found it strange that we were told that no reservations were available bc I did see some open tables. My boyfriend and I love sitting at the bar anyway so we really didn't mind. Of course we needed to have a cocktail to start out so I ordered my "go to" drink ...a grey goose martini.  My boyfriend and I are very specific as to how we like our martinis but for some reason some  bartenders  like to make them their own way. Not this bartender! Our bartender JR was so attentive and served our martinis just like we asked.  We ended up ordering the pita bread app that came with three different dipping sauces. It was delicious and unique!! I know that some people on yelp were complaining that their wasn't enough bread to go with the dips, but I didn't think so. I thought it was fine. If you need more I'm sure they will give you more. We then went on to try the lamb sausage pizza which was delicious!!! For dinner I had the Mushroom and Kale Paella which was to die for!!! Bobby really did an amazing job creating these unique dishes. My boyfriend ended up having the halibut. I honestly didn't try it but he said it was amazing.  We did order the potato side dish which was also delicious. Finally for desert we ended up having the cheesecake. I am not big dessert lover but my boyfriend said it was amazing!! One thing I will point out is that the menu is very unique. This is where a great server comes into play bc they are able to suggest and describe each dish. They also can suggest wines to have with your each course. Bartender was even able to tell us the different/unique ingredients' that were in each dish so it made much easier for us to figure out what we wanted. Conclusion is- Bobby Flay did it again and if you happen to eat there ask to be seated at the Bar with JR! You will not regret it! He ROCKED!!!!
