Charming restaurant in LIC. I spent many years  in France, so his place reminds me more of a funky East Village restaurant than a French cafe. Yet, the menu and service are very french. Bien sure. The food is hit and miss. My Italian partner strongly believes that Sundays are pasta days, so we ordered 2 pasta dishes. Though everyone around us was ordering Eggs Benedict and French Toast, and I must admit they looked absolutely wonderful. People around us were devouring them, so it would seem they were tasty too. Pasta was homemade and the sauces were very good, but while pasta with pesto sauce was al dente, my pasta with goat cheese was totally overcooked. Since this place is not Italian and many restaurants in France tend to overcook pasta, maybe it's not too bad. We also ordered soup, which was tasty, but was really watered down. Not like it was made watery, more like it was diluted with a lot of water just before it was served. We shared an apple desert, only because it came with  Crème fraîche, and when in NY, I miss, miss, miss Crème fraîche . The taste was fine, but the slice was tiny. For $8.00 this was more of a NYC size+price, not LIC. Btw, in this cafe, Crème fraîche  is a real deal. So many places in NYC try to make their own with sour cream, vinegar, whatever,  or serve outrageously expensive copies from Vermont. Neh. They never taste as good as Crème fraîche from france. Cafe au lait was very good. You can have small size or huge bowls with a lot of thick foam. Yummy. Just like the food, the service was hit and miss. The French waitress was very sweet,  but busboys did not speak English (or french for that matter), so getting help on a very busy sunday was difficult. Someone mentioned easy parking. Really?  Maybe if you come on foot or take public transportation. We were surprised how difficult it was to find street parking. Once they overpopulate the area with all the new highrises, parking will be as brutal as in NYC. Brace yourself :) Overall,  Cafe Henry can be a nice way to spend a weekend with friends. The place can get very busy very quickly and so gets very noisy. But that's the American way. French, in general, tend to keep their voices down and don't speak on top of their lungs, the way Americans love to do. Just remember that Cafe Henry is in LIC and not in France, and enjoy wonderful french food and good drinks.
