Came here on a Sunday afternoon. The waiter came out with a 8 min schpeel on the special(s) of the day.... (Who can remember all of that) but nonetheless.. I listened. He seemed kinda bored and acted uninterested but whatev... I begin to look at the menu. He comes over takes our order and I notice some attitude but leave it alone. Everyone ordered the special on the menu. The food arrives and our waiter literally does not stop by AT ALL. Thanks to the water guys who refilled our drinks otherwise we would've been left without service. One of my guests orders tea. We were wondering why he'd never come by to refill her tea and thought it was bothersome for us to have to stop him mid stride to come refill her tea. She empties her glass... we stop him again to ask for a refill. Afterwards he literally turns his back towards us to face a wine rack. After flagging him down again we ask for the check...not once did he ask how was our food would we like to order dessert ...NOTHING. The dude may as well been a mute. Being one who tips... I already knew he was gonna get a crappy tip. I would have rather tipped the bus boys than him. We get our bill and notice that we were charged 7.50 for tea. We stop Mr. I don't want to be bothered to ask why. He says... "there are no free refills here. This is not like every other restaurant you've been to" (what the hell is that supposed to mean?) I speak and say.... well.... paying for the drinks aren't a problem but don't you think out of courtesy you could've made mention of it? He snaps, "I don't HAVE to tell you". I reply, well the charge for drinks aren't even on the menu... how would I have known? "i don't have to tell you, THIS is not like all the other restaurants you've gone to" {thinking...now that's the 2nd time he's said that...what are you trying to say?" Being that we were 3 educated middle class black women with good jobs who've been to upscale restaurants before... I felt somewhat insulted. (i know what you are thinking... I didn't pull the card). I politely responded... OK thank you... Ladies...let's go. Spoke to the manager about his rude, unattending waiter who now all of a sudden is ever present standing and listening [where were you during our meal?] Surprisingly...he backed up his waiter. I was completely outdone. I'll never return. In my opinion the food was good and the portions were immense. However the service ranked right up there with wanting to kill myself. My suggestion: "order to go"... if at all.
