For the first few months, Mirchi Indian Restaurant (North Brunswick) offered a delicious reprieve from the bland so called Indian cuisine served by the rest of Indian restaurants in the area.  We enjoyed very much the food at Mirchi (North Brunswick).  But over the past couple of months we saw a marked deterioration in food quality, potions and variety.  This situation has become worse now that they have been able to drive the other Indian restaurants in the area out of business.   The once talk of the town tasty Chicken Dum Biryani on their buffet is now bland - there's really very little masala and hence the rice is dry.  They have cut down on the number of items on the buffet too.  But they have not cut the price of their buffet.  What's worse is that if the food runs out on the buffet they do not refill.  We had to beg for more food and when they did re-fill the portion was hardly enough for two people.  It is shocking and even borders on deception that they continue to receive more customers even when there was no food and no refill on the buffet.  Several times I saw the owner (a well dressed elderly man) checking the empty buffet trays and then simply walking away without asking his kitchen staff to refill the dishes.  I suspect that he was actually controlling the kitchen staff not to refill. There was hardly enough food to serve all the customers they took for buffet.  There were no vegetarian dishes; no tamarind rice, no curries and even the briyani rice had yet to be re-filled.  We watched many couples walk in, quite upset at finding the trays empty.  That's not what buffet is about.  There should always be sufficient food for all the customers at all times during the buffet hours.  I am sure the owners know this but are trying to short change the customers only to increase their profits. Another misrepresentation and deceptive advertising is that they do not serve throughout the buffet hours.  Although Mirchi's normal buffet hours are 12.00 pm to 3.00 pm, there was almost no food on the buffet on our last visit at 1.30 pm.  Then they did not refill until the end of buffet at 3.00 pm.  All the vegetarian dishes were empty except for rasam and sambar.  All meat dishes were empty except for a few scraps of tandoori chicken.  We ate what was available and made the best of our Friday lunch.  When the owner presented the check there was no discount on the price of the buffet.  We paid the bill and left very disappointed with the buffet.   A more serious deceptive advertising is that they did not serve as many dishes as they advertised for the buffet price they charged.  Their delicious lamb curry, a strong reason for many to patronize the restaurant, has since disappeared off the buffet.  When once they had to place the Lassi drink dispenser on another table, now they fill the main buffet table with the Lassi dispenser and 2 large trays with empty glasses.  That shows the number of dishes that have been reduced giving way to other utensils, etc., on the buffet table Another important warning is to check and make sure that the glasses, cups and utensils are clean.  Be wary because we found lip stick smudges on the cups and glasses used for holding Lassi.   I am extremely disappointed indeed.  Importantly, you should NEVER visit the restaurant for buffet after 1.30 pm.  Don't waste your money.  You will not get a fair value buffet for your money because they will not refill what food that was consumed by earlier customers.   Mirchi started off with the promise of delicious home-style food at reasonable prices.  Now with competition gone, the true colors have surfaced.  If you must eat buffet at Mirchi (North Brunswick) MAKE SURE THAT THERE'S ENOUGH FOOD ON THE BUFFET BEFORE YOU TAKE THE SEAT TO EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT.  This way you will not be disappointed and spoil you eat-out experience.   Just a suggestion, try Arusuvai (North Brunswick) - we have eaten at Arusuvai many times and their buffet and food quality is pretty consistent and reasonably priced.  They do not cut down their number of dishes and they always refill the buffet. Mirchi (North Brunswick) gets only 1 STAR based on their performance in the last couple of months.  If I had reviewed them when they first started I would have given them 4 stars.  However I did not review them when they started because I wanted to see how they performed over the period of 6 months.   Indian Food Lover
