Di Fara is the best place ever. Been going here for years. I know, the crappy window A/C keeps this place hot in the summer. Ideally, this is the kind of place where you want to order a pie to go. Anyway, the wait is worth it as Dom makes the best slice/pie in the states. Never having gone to Italy, I'm sure this is on par with Naples. The pizza is tremendous, and everyone who does not see the same has no idea what they are talking about. Everything is fresh. The cheese is from Italy, and the sauce is perfectly sweet. Back in the day, Di Fara used to use meat sauce, and it was to die for. The new sauce is still pretty damn good, but I guess all the vegetarian hipsters made them change... who knows. Well, gentrification hasn't stopped the rest. The pizza is perfectly  balanced. Don't expect a saucy or cheesy pizza. It will be different, but it will be fresh. The olive oil is one of the key things. Most other places use canola or some fatty oil, so when all the haters complain about olive oil, they have no idea what they are talking about. This pizza is much healthier than the greasy oil they use at most other pizza  joints. In terms of the wait, it is worth it. Think, you have one chef, with two large ovens. There is only so much he can do. Also, the slices usually dont take as long as the pies. I would ave to say that the pies are better, because it is easier to get the real Di Fara's balance when he himself cooks the pies. His daughter or the other employees usually make the slices. It's not that they are bad, they still use the same ingredients as the pies. It's just that the entire process is best balanced with the whole pies. This is fresh stuff, so the prices are worth it. The slices are damn good, much better than the other places in Brooklyn that reheat the slices. I may have to say that Spumoni Gardens is better for the slice, because I like the  saucy Sicilian style, and it's always fresh, right there when you order. No wait, but when it comes to ordering a whole pie, Di Fara's wins hands down.
