I had an experience today with a local small business that made me think about the importance of customer service. I was eating lunch with a colleague at a local Philadelphia restaurant called Baby Blues BBQ. It's located in the University of Pennsylvania section of the city near the corner of Sansome St and 34th St. I ordered my meal, not expecting that the coleslaw would be lathered across the top of the sandwich, and was pretty disappointed when the waitress brought it over. I'm one of the world's pickiest eaters, and I absolutely loath coleslaw. I was perfectly willing to let it go and simply not eat my sandwich. The waitress asked if everything was ok, and I nodded yes (because they always wait until you have a mouthful of fries to approach the table). Towards the end of my meal, a second waiter asked if the sandwich was alright and if I wanted a box. Since he asked specifically about the sandwich I replied, "I didn't realize the coleslaw came on the sandwich." His response was rather pleasant, for which he asked if I would like another sandwich without the coleslaw. This was a big positive for me. The food smelled great and I was salivating at the chance to bite into this sandwich. I decided to take him up on his offer and was awaiting a fresh new sandwich (and yes I was rather excited!). Not 30 seconds after he left our table our original waitress came over and said "I'm sorry about the sandwich but remember I asked if everything was ok?" To which she immediately asked "You guys ready for the check?" This left me confused and irritated. Was I getting a new sandwich, was I not getting one? Eventually the check came, got paid, and no sandwich ever showed up. Despite my better judgment we did leave an unjustified $4 tip. Like I said before, I was perfectly willing to let it go. I didn't know about the coleslaw and I should have ordered it without the slaw in the first place. Where this small business really messed up was when one waiter offered to correct the situation and make the customer happy, and the other waitress "butted" in and basically told the customers to buzz off. You would think that customer service would have crossed her mind at some point but it seems that she had more important things to worry about. It's ashame, I really wanted to like this place...
