Now don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoy a healthy lunch option in Center City as much as the next person. I even get, dare I say, excited. So when my friend Kait suggested Fuel for lunch today, after a quick peek at the menu, I was all for it. First looks at the place; funky décor, calorie conscience meals, hipster staff.... All signs pointed to a pleasurable experience. Until I got back to work with my food. Firstly, if spending $17.50 on a Greek Salad and starter of Hummus was hard enough to swallow, to come to the realization that they are not being 100% truthful about their calories and that their portions are completely off sent me off the Yelp edge. Issue #1: The salad. The calorie count on the salads is BEFORE the dressing (which everyone knows is the lions' share of calories in a salad anyway). Not to mention they give you a GIANT amount of dressing. This would be fine, IF they disclosed that on the menu OR told you how many calories is in their standard dressing portion. Which they don't. Which makes me angry. The only way I know it is before the dressing is that the 2 large cubes of Feta (75 cals an oz) on my Greek salad alone is darn close the 200 calories total that they give you. Add the heaping portion of vinaigrette they gave me, which definitely had olive oil in it (another 119 cals/tbsp). 200 cals? Sorry, try again. Issue #2: The hummus. Now I LOVE hummus. I eat it, I make it, I put it on anything that I can possibly imagine to put it on. So when I saw the 375 calories total they had given it I knew that HAD to be including the pita that they served with it. I know from an obscene amount of personal hummus consumption that your run-of-the-mill, store-bought, not-even-trying-to-be-healthy hummus is, on average, 60-80 cals per 2 tbsp serving. Knowing this, I opted for the vegetable option instead of the pita to shave some cals off that hefty 375 number. I was totally jazzed because there is nothing I love more than a slice of cucumber with a dollop of hummus and it's surprisingly hard to find places that give a veggie option. Much to my surprise what I got was a BOWL of hummus, 3 cucumber slices, and 3 red pepper strips. Which means 2 things: 1) The 375 number is before the pita (which again they don't disclose or tell you how many calories is in their pita) and 2) someone doesn't understand what a healthy portion of hummus is (which is just a tad important).   So if you are serious about counting calories I might skip this place or at least know that you have to add a good 100 calories to anything you eat here to be safe. For me, I think if you are going to pose as a health conscience establishment, have a conscience to start with.  Fool me once....
