Finally an alternative to that unfortunate ripoff of a banh-mi joint up on Grand St. Situated just down the street from the Montrose stop on the L, Nam Nam is your friendly, comfy, WiFi-enabled, neighborhood coffee shop with some Vietnamese inspired items on offer.  It is doubtful that there is even a full kitchen here, most likely a reliable toaster oven, microwave, and portable range.  However, that's really all Nam Nam requires given their focus on a few of the quick Viet-staples. Nam Nam's banh mi-styled sandwiches are offered in four varieties (Classic cold cut, Chicken, Grilled Pork, and Vegetarian/Vegan).  I'd stick with the Vegetarian (Tofu/Mushroom) and/or the Grilled Pork version.  I'm in agreement with other reviewers here, their "Classic" is a rendition that is lacking in a few key elements of the traditional Vietnamese sandwich, namely the unctuous pate and the mayo-sauce.  The Vegetarian version is a real star with deliciously prepared Tofu and mushroom fillings. The bread used here is fresh, crusty, and tasty-- albeit large, creating a slight disproportion in the bread to filling ratio.  But, you can't really complain considering the sub-$6 price.   Also available is a decent Bun.  Bun is really most any of the same proteins for the sandwiches simply placed atop a bed of rice noodles with the same lightly pickled shredded carrot and cucumber slaw, bean sprouts, chopped scallions, a sprig of spearmint, and a small tub of the sweet ,mildly spicy, and salty nuoc cham mixture.  This is a perfect fix if you're looking for something quick, light, cool, and deliciously noodly.   Overall, the flavors presented here at these prices present great value and it is well-suited for the area.  Nam Nam doesn't have the most amazing interpretation of banh-mi,but it's v e r y  far from being the worst, and it's a welcomed addition to the exciting options that continue to arrive into neighborhood.  I'm pumped on it, and I highly recommend stopping in.   Best of luck Nam Nam!  Now if only I could find a decent bowl of pho nearby.
