I've been meaning to write this review for months! I am STILL dwelling on my experience at Casa Mono.  I just have never before been treated like a piece of meat as I did the night my friend and I met up at Casa Mono.   First we were accosted at the door because I when I walked in. I think said "2 for drinks and a bite" - I'm not sure if he took that to mean we weren't going to order a full meal (we were!), but he told us to go to the bar --- it was FIVE O'CLOCK and there was only one lonely soul sitting in the whole place! Fine. Whatever.  We'll go to the bar and eat. We BOTH sat the bar and had to process for a sec how rude the maitre d was.  It seemed like that scene out of pretty woman where we weren't good enough -  keep in mind we were both dressed coming from work and agan, there was NO ONE in there.  The food was good, our bartender kinda hard to get his attention - I think he was prepping for when people came later, but fine we were having a good time catching up.  You just got the sense no one was happy you were there.  We had food, we drank glasses of wine, we even ordered dessert to split.  The bartender hands us the check (unsolicited).  We then say (restaurant is prob 1/2 full at 7pm now) we'd actually like another glass of wine - we were engrossed in a deep convo and the bartender tells us he's NOT allowed to serve us another glass of wine after dessert! WHAT?!!! I mean... I get it if there was a line out the door, we'd been there hours, and were lingering over a shared salad, but seriously!? We had just spent a ton of money and again felt like we were basically being kicked out.  I never say anything about things - but I had to call out the bartender.. I was like, "really? I've never heard of that" he was like yeah it's our policy... then he goes away and comes back and tells us his manager said we were ALLOWED to order another glass of wine.  HUH? No thanks!!! We don't want your mercy half-assed peace offering.  NOPE. So we marched right across the street to Pierre Loti and ordered one there.   So aside from the fact I will never go there again. I would recommend that you understand you will judged, pushed around by snooty maitre d's and staff, and turned out like a slab of iberian ham.  NO thank you. Ahhhh I feel better.  Never. Again.
