Whenever i'm craving Thai food, this is the place to go. There's a reason they've won best of Hartford for several years in a row. Food: It seems like there is something for everyone. The menu is very large, but this is good because it offers many options for beginner or advanced Thai cuisine options. If i'm in the mood for some comforting noodles, I always go for the pad si eow with beef, I love it! A few of my other favorites are the Loc Lac dish and Phuket Seafood. The Loc Lac is my husbands favorite dish because it is a meat dish, and the steak is cooked perfectly every time; just about medium well. Both my husband and I always start our dinners with soup. I tend to go with the tofu noodle soup (super simple but delicious), but my husband tends to go for tom yum soup with seafood because he enjoys spicy dishes. OH, and best of all, we often go on Monday or Tuesday nights because they offer half price on bottles of wine! Such a great special. Service: The service is always wonderful. The restaurant has a mostly young staff that are always so friendly. All of the employees all seem to work well together, and always seem to be having a good time while at work. The servers are also especially helpful in understanding the thai cuisine menu. Since the menu is extensive, and a little bit foreign to me sometimes, it's always nice to have a knowledgable staff to ask questions. The servers also do a great job at modifying the dishes, since they are made to order. They gave us the option of modifying the spice on any dish, and also adding or removing certain vegetables or proteins. I always appreciate when restaurants are so accommodating, because often times they aren't. Decor: This place is a nice hidden gem in West Hartford center. The interior door is just beautiful and follows a color theme. It looks especially nice in the evening when the lights are dimmed. And if you're lucky, you will get the window tables, which always seems to be most popular. Overall, dining here is never a disappointment. Our food is always delicious and the service is always attentive. We often notice the owner himself coming around to check on the tables and making sure everything is great. Highly recommend this place.
