Walked into this interesting noodle place in Bishop's Corner on the 2nd day of opening and was impressed. Interior color and design looked fantastic, visually it felt like a great setting to eat in. However, it did feel a bit cramped when i made it to the cash register line. They had a lot of people working for the 2nd day of opening, it looked to be around 15 people. The menu was well presented and had calories, spice, and vegetarian indicators. It also even had pictures of all the main dishes. It gave off the first impression of being cheaper than it actually looks being around $5-6 for noodles without meat, but around an additional $2.50 for chicken, breaded chicken, steak, meatballs, shrimp, or tofu. You'll spend around $11 for a full filling meal, a good price. I ordered the Pad Thai, with a side soup of the Thai Curry Soup. My girlfriend ordered the Wisconsin Mac & Cheese, side order of Caesar Salad, and a fountain drink. After Ordering, we sat down and I continued to look around. The spacing between the seats and tables were pretty tight, and the eating area felt pretty small. There was some nice music, but i couldn't hear it due to the noise level, it was the 2nd day since opening though. They had a Coca-Cola Freestyle Soda Fountain, which was pretty cool. Within a couple of minutes our food came out, (that was fast) and we enjoyed. My Pad Thai looked well presented, with a little bit of everything, the noodles were a bit thicker than i expected since they were rice noodles. I tried the Thai Curry Soup first and the soup itself tasted delicious with a little bit of sweetness, i found that the noodles in it were a bit unnecessary, but that's how the full size soup comes. I then tried my Pad Thai which also tasted delicious having also a similar sweetness. However, after a few bites i realized how dried the dish was, i ended up having to share a drink. It still tasted terrific though. My girlfriend's Wisconsin Mac & Cheese was served with all the cheese sprinkled over the top it seemed, she had to mix it up and let the cheese melt, the dish itself was nothing special, it was good. The service their was friendly, and it seemed most of the workers were hired from the high school community. Our server was friendly, and dishes were cleaned very quickly, which was okay. It was nice that the owner of the place (I think)  was welcoming people during the dinner rush and helped explained the menu. After we ate, we packed up the Mac & Cheese in a custom take out box, which was cool, and i grabbed a take home menu. Overall the experience was good, I will defiantly be going back to try some other dishes. If business continues, hopefully they will find some way of expanding, or i'd have to order takeout more often than i would like. 4/5 P.S. I noticed there are appetizers as well on the menu, didn't notice that the first time i looked.
