I was fairly disappointed by my recent trip to ABC Kitchen.  A group of 6 of us went for dinner last weekend and I found most of what we ordered to be mediocre.  The waiter had an unmistakable bitchy attitude.  He quite literally vetoed our wine selection, telling us that the three bottles we were interested in (all under $60) "tasted like sherry", and recommended only $100+ bottles.  We did share a few bottles of what turned out to be delicious non-$100+ wine, and enjoyed the cocktails, but the rest of the evening was less than stellar. The calamari, while I'm sure 'pretzel-dusted', tasted like the same fried calamari you've had everywhere else.  The crab toast was so-so, the insane prices for side dishes ($11 for peas and carrots) were hilarious, yet I felt compelled to try a few, thinking that Jean Georges must know what he's doing, right?  Wrong.  The jalepeno corn was somehow both spicy yet completely bland... was swimming in a thin/runny cream, and while once stirred with the mound of cheese piled on top (it's only saving grace) it was edible, I literally cannot say the same for the mashed potatoes.  I've never been served such an overly salted dish at any of NYC's fine dining establishments... while pureed (and probably sieved) smooth, they were crunchy with sea salt chunks, and after two bites (one which left me in shock, the second to confirm how hilariously disgusting they were), I was done. The fried chicken, while not as comically bad as the mashed potatoes, was an oddly massive pile of what appeared to be a de-boned half chicken flattened on top of a bed of greens.  The entire dish was confusingly larger than ever other entree on offer.  The crispy fried exterior was good, and the chicken inside was ok, but the curious bed of greens (which I initially confused for straight basil, but later determined, after asking a server, to be an odd combination of whole-leaf basil, dill and some spinach) was ridiculously bad.   At the end of the meal (we couldn't stomach dessert) the female server who cleared our table (and was much more polite than our bitchy male server) asked if everything had been to my liking, since I hadn't eaten much of my meal.  While I probably should have complained, at that point it seemed too late to even begin.   As an aside, my party found it odd that the only beef entree on the menu was a cheeseburger (aside from one pork and one chicken entree, everything else was seafood).  All in all, it's been awhile since I've overpaid this much to poke around and play with my food like a 7 year old... never eating any of it. We should have gone to Minetta...
