Gramercy Tavern is one one of the most thoughtful, tender and beautiful experiences I have ever had at a restaurant of any sort. I am a chef at a neighboring restaurant, where we share a good deal of the Tavern's clientele and in a few cases, ex-staff. Thus I had a good idea of what I was getting into, and for all spiraling praise from many who had worked and dined there before me, my expectations were undoubtedly met. At one point I was working as a chef under the ex-Pastry chef of Gramercy Tavern. The way she described the restaurant was that each human element, from the hostess to the servers to the fromager to the somolier to the line cooks to the chefs, actively strived and continually succeeded at doing a flawless job; no slack existed. In my one experience a few hours ago, this was the impression that kept echoing continuously throughout the meal. The service was both attentive, brisk, never overly fawning or wanting in hospitality or care. Timing was immaculate. The drinks were gorgeously prepared, and the vegetables were perfectly cooked. Greater time should be taken here to describe the food: In addition to being chef, I am a vegan, and so is my partner. We went there with my parents, who are a pair of red-blooded American meat-eaters whose diets are quite literally Shake-and-Bake porkchops, mashed potatoes, and Pepperidge Farm products. You couldn't have asked for a more diverse crowd, and we were all equally impressed and touched by the food there tonight. All staff made an incredible and respectful effort to accommodate us as vegans, modifying the Vegetable Tasting Menu (which actually does contain meat here and there) to be completely vegan, of which they were politely reassuring at every opportunity. The vegetables were impeccably tender and well-cooked, beautifully and stylishly presented, thoughtful flavor pairings were everywhere. The food here is very simple, but its minimalism allows a really robust appreciation for each element of the dish. Even a dab of sauce hugging the edge of the plate is savored. In part the success of the dishes comes with their circumstances. Like drawings framed and placed in a museum, we appreciate them from more angles and give them greater attention and respect and time based on their association with a place reported to house great art.  Some of this is always a part of a fine restaurant, and though I concede that certain elements of the dishes may not have been quite as strong outside of this setting, the bottom line is that every course was exquisite and I am completely certain that I would have been equally impressed with them in, for instance, a friend's house or a street-food restaurant. Criticisms: our risotto was a little underdone. Not wildly underdone, but on the heels of spot-on, perfectly prepared vegetables it was definitely noticed. This was the main gaff. Also, and this is really nitpicking considering that they were so gracefully accommodating to our vegan diets, two courses back-to-back featured rice prominently, and in a perfect world I would have substituted another grain for the second dish (risotto being the first) rather than have a repeat dominate element. This is meant only to be constructive criticism however, because these small elements did not bring down the standing ovation of a meal that we had at Gramercy. I think that there are a couple of ways to enjoy this restaurant. One is to pay attention to every detail, to seek out the subtleties and relish them. The food is coolly paired-down, it does not ride of elaborate or avant display, sensationalist flavor-pairings, or freewheeling creativity. It merely presents perfection, in a very traditional sense, choosing what is ultimately going to be the most comforting, emotionally and physically nourishing, and delightful dishes for the time and place. Because of this very subtle and classic take on fine food, it is important in order to get the most out of it to use the familiarity of the dishes to one's advantage and use them as a springboard for going deeper into their nuances, since you are sure to have atleast some major part of the food already under your belt, so to speak. The other way to eat at Gramercy is to just plop it in, unimpressed by its disinterest in the futuristic, far-fetched and purely conceptual and merely accepting it as a good solid meal using ingredients you assume you're mostly used to. I think this would be missing a great deal here, but I also feel that every effort is made to direct the eater to the former state of mind. I have a hard time imagining the callousness it would take to lapse into mere consumption here. To finish, the Tavern reminded me of all the reasons I love fine food and in small ways helped fine-tune what I feel constitutes such cuisine. Food was unwaveringly fresh, with great respect to seasonality and locality. We were neither pummeled by heaviness nor left wanting anything more. Presentation was beautiful & clean. Perfection.
