Went on June 8th around 7:30pm in the middle of a downpour, which unfortunately didn't have any impact on all their tables being booked. Nonetheless, the maitre d' took pity on my friends and me and offered us the chef's table; a small counter (4 stools) overlooking the kitchen. Shane Lyons, the head chef, introduced himself and offered us complimentary popcorn dressed with garlic & cumin. Tyler was our waiter, and the service was very attentive. As you can see from the 5 stars, between the lively (but not raucous) atmosphere, thoughtful service, inventive drinks, and interesting & delicious food, I can see myself coming back to Distilled every other week. As for the food: Popcorn. Appreciate the low-carb alternative to table bread; perfect addition if I was just there for drinks. The cumin garlic combo keeps it light and it literally melts on the tongue. Ahi tuna crudo. A smaller portion size than other plates, and a very delicate interplay between the flavors. If you're ordering it, get it before the wings etc. or else the flavor might get lost. Tuna was (as you'd expect) very fresh. Liver pate. A medium-sized pot of pate with smaller pots of whipped, buttery honey and diced wine pickled shallots on the side. Enough for 3 to get a good taste. How good? Well, my friend (from Switzerland) is normally not a fan of pate (shocking) and he ate most of it. It may be somewhat grotesque to "recombine" the animal by pairing the pate with the skin but it is mouth wateringly good. Even better if you mix all three (honey, pate, and shallots). They'll bring you extra chicken skin if you ask, which you will. Wings. My girlfriend forwarded me the Thrillist wings link, so I expected this to be my favorite dish. Bonchon-style chicken, we got the large and barely made it through. Perhaps almost a little too much sauce vs. meat, but that didn't stop me from creating a small graveyard's worth of bones on my plate. King Salmon. As with the crudo, this is a delicate interplay of tastes that may get lost if you've just had the wings. But damn it is good. Almost Scandinavian in the combination of horseradish and buttery bearnaise, with the big hunk of Salmon remaining v. central to the taste. Burger. Big, big piece of meat. I was a huge fan of the burger from Bouley Upstairs (RIP), and was worried by the price + standard fare sounding offering here. I shouldn't have been: this was a really, really delicious burger and the size made up for the price. Tater tots were some of the best I've had, although agree that there aren't quite enough of them! Fried Duck and Waffles. Favorite dish of the night. Yes, it is rich-- it's duck and waffles. I'd normally reserve this for brunch but Chef recommended it so I thought I'd give it a shot, and I'm glad I did. As with the crudo and king salmon, this was a very careful balance of tastes- just enough sweet and savory to make sense for dinner. I tried the leftover maple syrup afterwards and by itself it is crazily potent, but mixed with the duck, french toast-y waffle, and basil leaf, it's perfect. Smores. We were too full to order but he insisted so we took the Smores, and I'm very glad we did. Deconstructed and taken up a notch, and the perfect amount (even on a full stomach) to end the night. The chocolate pudding is heavenly, could eat by itself. Drinks: Sparkle & Shine, outstanding. Franklin Fizz, looks like a beer, very full taste. Sueno Vida, dulled kick with a bit of heat behind it. Dram Betty, you really, really taste the rosemary; not for everyone. Will be trying the Tribecan next time. I can't wait to go back.
