If you have more than 2 people, don't even think about going there, especially with kids.  It's absolutely not worth an hour wait for 2 thin slice of pork  belly which are mostly fat or 2 dried slices of chicken breast with luke warm noodle soup and cold egg. I really wonder the noodle is even freshly made because I can get the same taste of noodle at Japnese supermarket. We were advised to go to the new location after the advice of the original location and was told the wait should only be 10 to 20 minutes if we have large party( 4 adults + 2 small kids, is it large?) after walking 10 minutes to the new locations, we properly waited patiently because there is a 30 minutes wait.  We started to noticed after 35 minutes that 5 group of people who come after us with 2 to 4 people were being seated.  We then asked the waitress who arranges the seats what happened and our 2 kids are very hungry (1:30pm now) if she can do anything to accommodate us.  The first response is whether we would like to cancel the reservation and then she said we has to wait for 6 seats that are together to open up in order to seat us. We waited for another 10 -15 minutes and saw the big table open up, we thought we were up.  NO.  The waitress stacked a family of 3 (one 6-7 year old extremely hungry, who came around the same time as we do.) and start to ask the next group of people.  I saw the 2-seat table next to the big tale open up.  I approach the waitress and asked whether we could have the side of the big table and the small table next to it.  The waitress kept saying it's for 3 people not for 4 people for the one side of the big table.  I responded we can squeeze the 2 kids in the middle.  She then told me to ask the only guy who was seating at the side of the table whether it's OK.  I happily obliged and of course the guy said OK.  My brother by this time was so pissed off what we need to do to get seated and refused to go in.  He stayed outside for us to finished eating.   My brother told me not to leave the tips.  This is when the waitress started to be very apologetic. In my 33 years living in NY, going to every type of restaurants ranging  from Per Se to your small Chinese restaurants, there are only 1time that I did not give tips because the waiter was so crude and impolite.  My brother kept urged me not to pay, but I still did.  I left the loose change (about 15 cents) as the tips to teach them a lesson.   If you ask why we don't just leave and go to another restaurant.  if you know the location and history of Hell Kitchen, there are not that many good restaurants and they are far away from each other.  However, with this experience, if we kew we were going to wait this long for such lousy food, we would take the cab/bus, cross the bridge to the Japanese supermarket in Edgewater.  The lamen in the food court is far more tasty then this location and with similar amout of money, I can get more larmen and pork even some seasoned rice.  The time spent would be probably less.
