Wow strong words Marlyn. Worst deli ever????? C'monn!!!!  . Iv been in alot of food establishments in my day and to call the grill one of the worst iv ever been in would be nothing more but  a lie to the public and myself. Food and service at the grill rank higher than any diner or low key fast food joint iv ever been in. Even to label them as a  'fast food joint' wouldnt be entirely accurate .   I consider this type of place to be a hybrid. A cross between fine dinning  and a casually approachable sit down or take out. The open layout is very pleasing to the eye and warming to heart. The option of bar,table or booth seating makes for a different dinning experience with each trip thru the door. The decor is very simple and inviting. Some times too much is too much and too little isnt enough. In this case it goes back to the wise saying if its not broke dont fix it. The place is nice enough for an intimate 1st date,professional enough for a business brunch  and fun enough to  house an entire little league team celebrating the big win. All while still taking care of jack and joe plumber stopping in for a quick bite on their way home from work. With that being said its on to the food. This menu has everything for  vegetarian health nut to the grill seeking carnivore. Grandma can enjoy her soup while jr. digs in to his chicken fingers and fries. I have the chance to sample a third of the menu and i havnt run into any dissapointments yet. I highly recommend the rib eye steak sandwich with sauteed onions. I can even go as far as saying hands down it may possibly be the best rib eye sandwich iv ever had.  The chef does a great  job recreating old school italin style cuisine . The chicken franchaise is very well prepared and the spagghetti and meatballs remind of nana's.  I'm a huge sandwich consumer so when i knew they carried boars head deli meat I was in.  To my surprise the fresh mozzarella was more than authentic it was made on site. Not too many people pulling there own mutz these days so it was a nice change for me. After all my food was done it was on to the dessert case. Not a huge fan of cakes and such but i cant lie I had  to get another slice of their homemade cheese cake cause the first one had no shot.  The service was prompt and the friendly conversation I had with the owner left a lasting impression in my mind. The reason I'm taking the time to write this review is that i hate to see one bad apple spoil the bunch. So in my mind the grill gets a 9 on a scale to 10.  As far as the bad review ms.marilyn laid down. It sounds like a clasic case of grumpy woman turned mad. So keep up the good work guys i look forward to my next trip in.
