Totally disappointed. Think a cheesy attempt to emulate the uniqueness of Pumpkin, with Butcher and Singer prices that lacks flavor development and executional excellence. Quick background: First time foodie reviewer that has lived in Philly for 4 years. Never felt the need to review a restaurant because Yelp reviews for restaurants are more or less accurate. However, the reviews for this restaurant could not be more misleading, and I feel a need to give back to the community that has rarely been wrong. Drinks: We ordered from the cocktail list and were inundated by sweetness and a lack of alcohol. After giving the cocktail list a second try I was again disappointed by an overwhelmingly sweet drink (think a blended scotch drink with too much added sugar). Food: Kale Salad $9 - why did I even bother? It was just Kale with a hint of Cesar dressing? I suppose I deserved this one. Lobster banh cam $15 - A giant deep fried rice ball. It comes out sitting on top of different sauces that have no unique flavor profile or taste. After cutting into the ball I was overwhelmed by deep fried oil seeping out of the rice and a minuscule amount of lobster within the rice mixture. Diver scallop "noodles" $16 - These were interesting. Think scallops cut into noodle shapes and served on a plate with some stock and 4 potato chips on top. It's enough food for 4 bites. I generally hate scallops but these were tasty. Lose the potato chips and add more scallop noodles - it might save your restaurant. Hailbut $25- I asked whether to order the salmon or the halibut and this was recommended. It was horrible. A piece of fish that someone sloppily slapped into  some crushed and baked focacia that was served before the food came out. The fish was of horrible quality with a strong stale fishy taste. Served with some kale and curried white beans. I enjoyed masking the flavor of the poor quality fish with the beans. Pulled beef short rib $26 - Imagine a short rib that has no flavor at all. This was our hell for the night. How does a restaurant manage to make a short rib without developing any kind of flavor? It seemed like the meat was boiled in water and some seasoning was sloppily added at the end. Served with parsnip that looked like your grandparents arthritic fingers, sour cherries, and a horrible attempt at what I could only gather as a cream gastrique. Chefs, managers, owners, if you read this I hope I ate at your restaurant on an off night. Take my critique as you will, but I can only ask that you strive to develop more flavors from these dishes. At least change where you get your halibut from.
