Oooh how do I even start without turning this review into a chapter novel! If it was a novel I would tittle it "The Bristo with....well, bad food" .... Here I go, My fiancee and I have been to the spotlight theater several times and always wondered if the food at the front street Bristo was any good. We decided to try a dinner an a movie date night (trust me this is a big deal for us since were not able to get out much having an 8 year old) We bought a groupon that was being offered for the restaurant. The deal was; one app, two entrees and one dessert for $29.00. Sounds good to me! (Or so We thought). We arrived at about 5:10 with more then enough time to make it to our movie at 7:05 ...right? There were 2 other couples aside from us at the restaurant. Our  waitress seemed friendly and stated she's never had any complaints with their food so any choice we made we were sure to enjoy. We got the goat cheese spread like stuffed mushroom for an app. It came with some greens which were drizzled with some balsamic dressing. We actually enjoyed this app and felt excited because we had more delicious food to come (wishful thinking). We waited patiently for our dinner because after all we should have plenty of time, I mean there were only 2 other couples dining. My fiancée ordered the sirloin steak with the couscous and spinach/mushroom sautéed in olive oil. His steak was so bland with absolutely no flavor at all that he was wishing they had some A1 sauce to mask the flavor. The couscous and the spinach/mushroom sauté was nothing to Rave about either. I ordered the shrimp ginger cakes (like crab cakes except with shrimp instead) with a side of risotto and the tasteless spinach/mushroom sauté. At my first bite of my shrimp cake I thought "not bad" until I took my second bite! All I tasted was an overpowering charred taste. I flipped my shrimp cakes over and sure enough they were both charred to a solid black in the bottom! I saw my fiancés'  sad face as he said "I'm sorry babe i really wanted you to enjoy our date night and your dinner seems to be ruined". I was very disappointed, but taking into account that it was already 6:00, and we had a movie to catch aaaand that my sweet fiancée was feeling Awful (as it was his fault), I decided to just deal with it and pretty much just cut off the bottom parts of the shrimp cakes. (You can see the shrimp cakes on my profile picture) I also got the couscous instead of the risotto I had ordered. I did finally get the waitress attention to get my risotto, which I wish I hadn't even bothered getting because when it got to my table.....lets just say it was like a yellow blob pasted on to the saucer plate with the markings of a spatula. When we were done with dinner it took the waitress forever to come to our table, come to think of it, we were pretty much ignored all night. its 6:30 now and our waitress finally makes an appearance, I swear for a minute I thought she was really a magician...now you see her, now you don't....aaugh! I did point out the charred parts I cut off the shrimp cakes,her response "oh, ill have to tell the cook to be careful with that" really? that's aaaall you have to say?? oh well at least we still had dessert, I mean how bad can dessert be? We got the half baked brownie topped with some vanilla bean ice cream, whip cream and a cherry. "Ok babe lets dig in we have a movie to catch" ..."hmmm chocolate... Oh yeah now were---what the? What is that? what in the world is that taste??" The best way to describe it is to compare it to candle wax. I swear we are still trying to figure out what the hell that was. We took two bites of it and just gave up! It was already 7:00 and our movie was about to start .  We finally got to the movie at 7:13, thank god for previews! ..... Needless to say, even if groupon were to offer the same deal for $5.00 from this place....I wouldn't buy it. So our advice is, if your going to catch a flick in the theater,  you better have dinner elsewhere first. Even Burger King is capable of serving you a better meal then this.
