If I could give this place a half a star then I would.  I have been there twice and will NOT be going back.  Somehow this place is always packed with people and because of the size of the restaurant and the dinning area being overly packed with tables it feels claustrophobic.  The last time I went, my friend and I were sat in an area they called "Coconut Grove" which although sounds nice, turned out to be a two person table sandwiched between the wooden walkway that people walk on to enter the restaurant from the street and a building.  Besides feeling very cramped into the table we constantly had guests walking past our table to enter or leave as well as groups standing around waiting for their table.  In addition I continually was dripped on by the window unit air conditioner that was located a few stories up in the building we were sitting next too. Thinking back now, I should have positioned my cup correctly to collect the water because it was hassle to get someone to refill our glasses.   In addition to the terrible seating arrangements, the service wasn't any better.  After being seated for 10 minutes a waiter finally came over to take our order.  Although he was very nice and polite while helping us, he NEVER came back to our table.  A different waiter came to drop off our appetizer and left quickly enough that we had to flag down someone else to get us forks.  About 5 - 10 minutes later our main dishes came and were dropped off by a totally different waiter.  My steak while ordered to be cooked medium, was definitely more on the well done side but that was better then the piece of metal that my friend found in her rice!  After finding the metal it took us a good 10 minutes to finally get a bus boys attention to ask him to get our waiter; neither the waiter or the bus boy ever came back!  We finally found another waiter who was willing to help us.  He was extremely nice and offered my friend another dish.  He returned promptly with the new food as well as the check which did not include her meal.  Knowing that no one was ever going to come back to take our check, I just got up and asked to pay the bill at the hostess stand, but to be honest, we could have gotten up from our table and walked out and no one would even noticed. In all it was an extremely disappointing dinner and I will never go back.
