Well Folks... Heard so much about this at one time popular hot spot...NOT anymore.... The first thing we encountered was no parking..However after driving around the block a few times I nabbed one..Whew.....Ok so we enter The so called Famous Belmont Tavern...oh wait..gotta tell you..area is somewhat seedy.. Ok...so the scene when we walked in: A few old timers sittin' at the bar shootin' the breeze..The place is old old old but clean..Its very small also..It probably seats 50 people...Bartender no where to be seen finally comes out of kitchen greets us while old timers are staring at us...So I finally said shall we sit ourselves??? Waitress comes up to us and says oh "John" will sit you..then she suddenly says, "Where is John?" Well, he was one of the old timers at the bar!!! lol...He gets up grabs menus and throws them on a table and says you can sit here!!! So with that I was like wow that's a nice greeting..It seemed like we were putting him out... Ok..we get comfortable @ our table...Waitress comes over and attempts to get our drink order...I order Iced Tea..nope don't have it, so then I order Coffee, nope don't have it..I'm like what kind of place is this???(to myself)...No iced tea and no coffee..Wow what year are we living in??? hummm 2010...Ok...So I ordered soda....While waiting for drinks we were looking around...pics of all celebrities on the walls, vents taped up with electrical tape, kitchen door wide open and a major cold breeze coming from it.. Drinks come now its time to order...Mind you the waitress was soooooo unfriendly..it was like we were putting her out too...Maybe it was the way we looked..I don't know...Is that suppose to be the charm of the place??? NOT....I don't find it charming at all...When I dine out I like to enjoy myself and that's one way of ruining a dining experience by bad service, next is bad food...So my mom asked if the meals come with sides..she replies NO...not like no mam I'm sorry but our entrees just come w/ a complimentary salad and bread...It was just no no no....rude rude rude... So now she leaves in a huff and a puff..Comes back and now we order: she recommends ordering the cavatelli & pot cheese as an app for the table which was awesome but not hot...We order Pork Chops Pizzaiola, Pork Chops with Vinegar Peppers, Chicken Savoy & Seafood Combo (came with pasta) and wasn't told that!! So we get our family style escarole salad and bread, it was good...Meals come and btw everything is basically thrown at you...We were afraid to ask for anything or question anything bc we were afraid of getting something thrown at us!!! The waitress through the whole meal acted like she was sooo busy..Well, we were her only table for awhile... The food comes and its pretty much just thrown on the plates....My pork chops tasted like the bottom of my shoe, over cooked and dry as can be...The sauce was just thrown over the chops with canned flippin mushrooms..come onnnnn..Canned mushrooms what is that??? No saute onions or peppers..it was a WISH DISH....The other pork chops were ok..Chicken Savoy was disgusting..it was burnt dried out chicken on the bone with balsamic vinegar thrown on it..there was soo much vinegar it burned her nostrils!!! Seafood combo was very good, it had 2 lbs of pasta on the dish, needless to say he had two bites of it bc he had eaten the cavatelli....Now its coffee and dessert time..ok we already know they have no coffee now we learn there is no DESSERT either.....We wanted to get out of there anyway so we were kind of glad...It was just painful sitting there... I guess in its prime it was great but I hate to break it to you, its definitely not worth the trip....And the total bill was an outrage...Prices are too high for what you get.....Oh and the waitress hands us the bill while waiting on another table next to us!!! OMG..I was outraged...Not perhaps.."Thank You I hope you enjoyed everything"....SERVICE and FOOD was on a whole LOUSY LOUSY LOUSY and I will NEVER go back....I don't care who ate there...
