showed up a half hour early for my reservation.  Sat at the bar to be ignored by a rude bartender.  Mind you there was only 3 people at the bar.  After 7 minutes we were greeted by a bartender that took our order. I ordered 3 wines they were apparently out of and then i ordered a tap beer i favor, they were out of that also.   After accepting a average wine to drink we were seated in it looked like a front of the house frenzy.  There were only about 15 people sat in the restaurant which holds 4 times that amount.   I noticed the disorganization and was questioning why i was there.  My grandmother which is from Abruzzo joined me.  Apparently the chef was from the same town.  We sat had great service besides the busboy knocking over my wine and not cleaning it up, which the waiter asked if i had an accident which i ignored as he covered the mess with a napkin.  then our appetizers arrived.   An antipasta dish with cured meats and one piece of cheese was delicious.  The fried olives stuffed with mixed meats also was amazing but lacked accompanying sauce. Appetizers took about 15 minutes to come out..  Not bad for three chefs in the kitchen. Then the long wait for our entrees.  20 minutes later our entrees arrived.  She had the gnocchi   which was missing one thing SALT!!!!!!! After adding salt the dish was fabulous.  My steak ordered rare came out medium.  I sent the meat back and tried to eat the side vegetables which were cooked to perfection but again lacking the salt factor.  Then the real kicker......I wait another 25 minutes for a steak that never arrives. After drinking almost the rest of the wine my hunger subsided and i told them to forget about the rare steak they couldnt seem to get together.  I ordered a ravioli stuffed with rabbit for m girl who couldn't make it to go... On the way out the jerk off owner told me never to come back again. Thenattacked me pushing me out the door .!!!!!  My eighty year old grandmother couldn't believe her eyes and to her respect and the respect for myself after being attack twice by this maniac i decided to swollow my pride and leave. This guy even made a comment about my grandmother turning tricks in greece!!!!!   This guy is obviously not doing so well and has alot of penned up anger.  Maybe because his chef is struggling to get the food out and it might go deeper.  I don't where these people are from, but being born and raised in philly, my family built this city  literally..........they have to go ,.....this incident was documented with the philadelphia police department.    Watch out for these scum bags!!!
