Trattoria Dell'Arte used to be one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.  I had not been there in a while, so I decided to go there recently for a birthday celebration.   I was very disappointed because a lot has changed, and not for the better.   First and foremost, the food was not good---it was no better than diner food---yet it cost a fortune.  The prices have doubled from what they used to be.  Any fish entree, for example, is in the $40 range.   Pasta dishes are in the $30 range. An individual pizza is $25.  A small glass of soda is $5.50.   A piece of cake for dessert is $13.    The average per person cost, with tip and tax is upwards of $100.   That would be acceptable for an upscale restaurant in a prime New York City location, if the food was good, or even decent.  The food was so bad, that no one in our group enjoyed it.   For example, the pesto ravioli was smothered in a thick, creamy sauce,  the ravioli filling was  too cheesy, and the ravioli itself was soft and mushy.   The eggplant parmesian was overpowered by too much tomato sauce that was acidic and there was no spicing of the dish (and it consisted of some eggplant with a lot of thick, green, flat pasta).   The house salad was acceptable, but had almost no dressing on it.    After a disappointing meal, I was looking forward to dessert, and ordered the tiramisu.  I had eaten tiramisu there before, but this tiramisu was different, and not in a good way.   The tiramisu tasted like a bottle of liquor had been poured over the entire cake.  It was layers of cake with cream, all of which were completely saturated in liquor, which overwhelmed every other flavor of the cake.   I usually love tiramisu, when made properly, but this one was not edible.   Overall, it was a very disappointing experience, and I am sad that a restaurant that I always felt was a sure bet for a great meal, is no longer a restaurant that I would suggest.   The antipasto bar used to be one of my favorite attractions at this restaurant, but the price is unjustifiable---$22 for a plate of 3 vegetables.  It used to be 7 vegetables for that price.  In addition, there are fewer choices than there used to be.  So, that was another disappointment.     The menu has also taken a turn for the worst.  There used to be a lot more choices on the menu.  The menu now is much more limited, although there seems to be enough to choose from in terms of meat, fish, pizza and pasta.  I like that the menu includes and indicates vegetarian dishes. The service that my table received was not good at all.  The waiter was no where to be found during the entire meal.  He never came back to ask if anyone wanted or needed something else.   We only received one beverage and the waiter never came and checked to see if we wanted another one, and the same thing happened with the coffee---we each got one cup and never saw the waiter again.   I realize that Trattoria Dell'Arte has a huge rent to pay, but if the owners want to pass their costs along to their customers, they need to provide high quality food.  I hope that this restaurant gets a new chef and a new dessert supplier.   I don't plan on returning to this restaurant, since I left feeling like I overpaid for bad food.
