My wife and I had dinner here on a Saturday evening. The restaurant is located on the 6th floor of Macy's Department store and overlooks Herald Square. There are many tables which afford a view of Herald Square which is formed by the intersection of Broadway and 6th Avenue. We had a great view of the Empire State Building and as night fell the upper floors of Empire were bathed in light. The setting certainly contributed to our dining experience. The dining area is is modern, chic and very comfortable. The atmosphere is casual and welcomes both diners who make the restaurant their destination and those who have spent time shopping at the department store. We found the service to be attentive yet not intrusive. Our server was wonderful. She was able to answer our questions concerning menu items and kept our table well attended. The other staff members too were friendly and helpful. My wife had a Napoli Salad which consisted of many ingredients. As she said there was "a lot going on" in the salad. She enjoyed it and would order it again. I had Arancini which is fried risotto balls, sausage and mozzarella. It was ok. Found it a bit dry. Would try something else as an appetizer next visit. Also had their Pappa Al Pomodoro soup which is tomato based. If you enjoy soup...order it. As a main course my wife had Tortino Di Melanzane which is made with eggplant, mozzarella, tomato, and parmigiano-reggiano. It was excellent. My wife's only criticism was the portion was small and she wished that it was served with a side of pasta. I too felt the main course portion was small. I had their lasagna which is not the usual dish served in 'red sauce' restaurants. Bechamel, black kale, fontina and sausage made up this dish which was excellent. For dessert my wife had a ricotta based cheesecake which was quite good and it was served with a small scoop of gelato. I had their Tiramisu which was a unique presentation of this dessert favorite. Certainly I would have it again. Overall this was a fine dining experience and we would return to this restaurant without hesitation.
