Last week my fiancé and I went to Fornos and we thought the restaurant was ok.  For appetizers I order some stuffed mushrooms; this place stuffs their mushrooms with cream cheese. I love cooked mushrooms in anyway, so I thought it was good. Stuffed mushrooms are usually prepared with crab meat, but the cream cheese somehow tasted very similar to the crab meat. The mushrooms were small and we got about 6 of them. The taste was delicious. I do not remember the exact price, but I do know that in other places for the same price I get the same quantity of mushrooms but bigger and just as tasty, so I guess I do think they are a bit pricey in this place. We got a garden salad some water and bread by default when we sat at the table. The garden salad tasted good, but it did not look fresh. It was weird because it did not taste old (neither did it taste just made), it was just ok. The bread basket had a few different kinds of breads in there (like 3 kinds); I had 2 of the garlic bread. Although the bread tasted really good, it did not taste fresh (nor did it taste old).  The bread was hard, not crunchy (like when it is fresh) and a little elastic (it was hard to chew the piece off as opposed to a fresh crunchy piece of baked bread). The flavor for both the bread and the salad although not quite fresh was good about 3.5 starts out of 5. I ordered the chicken and shrimp Frances, and my fiancé ordered the surf and turf. The sauce for my dish, the chicken and shrimp Frances was salty and this is coming from a Dominican woman who likes flavorful foods. In other words, if I thought it was salty, it must have been pretty bad. My chicken and shrimp tasted like the sauce just got thrown over it. Both chicken and shrimp had no flavor after the sauce was gone. It was as if neither the chicken nor shrimp were marinated.  I guess the best example for my dish would be when you make plain pasta and just throw the sauce over it, it barely taste like anything at all. The only difference is that in this case the sauce was really salty, so eating my dish was like eating something really salty and after the juice was gone eating shrimp or chicken without any seasoning. I was expecting more from my dish. If I had to rate my dish I would give it 2 stars out of 5. It was bad. My fiancé's dish on the other hand was good. His filet mignon was really good and was cooked just how we like it. The texture was really good as well. The lobster tail that came with it seemed ok. If I had to rate his dish on both of our behalves, I would give it 4 out of 5 starts (he said he has had better). One of the dishes came with some yellow rice. I was expecting some tasty Dominican type of yellow rice, instead we got come yellow rice that tasted a lot like Chinese white rise with yellow coloring. The rice was not flavorful at all. The portions on this restaurants were not that much different than those given on Fridays, Olive garden, or Red lobster. I know some people say the portions are huge, but for this restaurant they were normal or as expected. The waiter was really nice, attentive, informative and professional. He did a great job. There was another guy there though who kept walking by our table and looking at us, it felt as though he was trying to rush us out. He even came to the table and asked if he could take a plate away and if we were done, we nicely said "no," but I did not like that. If we would have been done, we would have waited for our waiter to make a round and I think it was totally unnecessary for this man to be on us like that (especially for their price). I guess my main problem with this restaurant is that the food is not as fresh as you would expect. We spent $140 on dinner for 2, and for that price you would expect all the food to be fresh. That price includes a pint of sangria (which we did not like), a margarita and a virgin piña colada. My favorite drink was the virgin piña colada, the other drinks I did not like very much. I am not much of a drinker, but my fiancé is pretty familiar with drinks and he thought they were "Alright" which means 3 stars out of 5 for the drinks. I guess when we go to Fridays or Olive garden we spend at least $40 less and we get about the same amount of food and the breads and salads are fresh. They look and tasted fresh, so why can't Fornos do the same? The lighting and decorations of the restaurants are nice. The air conditioner seems perfect (bring a sweater if you get cold easily), but there is one big problem. When I first went in the restaurant I did notice like very faint dry urine like smell. This caused me to look around especially up at the ceiling. The ceiling tiles were not clean, they seemed to have like pieces of dust or mold, and I looked at where the vents were and that was dirty with mold or black spongy dust as well. My fiancé (and other people in my family) tells me I exaggerate and I am very picky, this is true, but I thought I should mention it.
