My boyfriend and I came in for brunch soon after the BSBH opened. I ordered the quinoa salad, which was pretty good, but the portion size was smaller than I expected for a $10 vegetarian salad. However, what made our experience two star was the service. Our waiter didn't seem to know the menu, was scattered, and not terribly personable. We attributed the mediocre service to the staff still getting settled, but weren't particularly excited to give it another try. This past Friday, we were looking for a casual place for dinner, and decided to give BSBH another chance. Afterall, it's in a great location, and has a serious beer selection, and outdoor seating. Our first strange interaction was with the host. We requested a table by the open windows, so we could feel like we were outside, but avoid the impending rain. The host was silent for a good 20 seconds--staring at us, at the table chart, at the tables we asked for. Finally, he grabbed menus and we followed him to the section. Immediately, we could tell he was going to put us at the table closest to the kitchen and bathroom, despite the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty. We quickly asked if we could take a different table. This request was met by yet another (extremely awkward) 20 seconds of silence and staring before he put our menus down and allowed us to sit. Finally seated, the waitress came over immediately and asked us for our drink order, clearly before we had a chance to look at the menu. We asked for another minute to read over the extensive beer list. 60 seconds later, she showed back up, asking for our drink AND food order. We inquired about specials, to which she replied that she's not used to saying them, because people always read them for themselves on the chalkboard (we had our backs to said board), which made us feel a little stupid. We ordered the veggie burger and the chicken sandwich. Both were edible, but not great. The veggie burger came in a pita, and was probably the size of two standard patties, which was slightly unappetizing. The chicken sandwhich had so much cheese on it, you could barely taste anything else. The best part of the meal was the Rejuvenation beer cocktail (hefeweizen, rye, lavender syrup, lemon juice). Overall, BSBH is disappointing. We MIGHT come back here for a drink, but would definitely sit at the bar.
