I've had trouble here on three of the four times I've come; I'm not usually super fussy but have resolved it's not worth my money any more. 1. My husband and I ordered duck for him and mussels for me. Mussels is on the starter menu, so I said "can this come the same time as the duck?" I also ordered a couple of sides and it was the same price as an entree so seemed fine. However the mussels arrived before the duck (d'oh), so that me and husband literally ate separately one after the other, and when we mentioned this to the waiter he acted a bit like it was our fault. Can't do anything about it guv. No apology. Nevertheless the mussels were good enough to make me want to go back. Being British we thought it might have been "our mistake" about the service, and gave them benefit of the doubt and full tip. 2. Went with my mum for brunch. Wait for food was literally an hour from ordering. We were absolutely killing ourselves by the time food arrived. Chicken sandwich was dry and only taste was of the anchovies with it. Felt a bit cheated at that price. Waitress somewhat whingeingly told us they were understaffed that day. Still paid full tip. 3. Went with friend for brunch. Food was decent but not spectacular. Service was OK, about a half hour or 40 minute wait for food but wasn't so desperately hungry at the time. Paid full tip. 4. Went this evening for dinner. Waited 55 mins for food that was lukewarm. As soon as we had finished the main course, the waitress dropped the bill on the table without asking if we wanted dessert or coffee. Friend was disappointed as he wanted dessert. The hanger steak was a just-about-OK cut of meat if I'm honest, dressed up with a lot of garlic and salt. The celeriac mash and greens that came with it were nice. To be honest I think the food here can occasionally be great but is sometimes average. It's the service I really object to. Dropping the bill on the table when someone has just finished their main, just because there's a long wait queue, is unforgiveable even if prices are low (which they definitely aren't here). Also my second drink, ordered before the main course came since it took so effing long in the kitchen, took ages to come so that I was eventually eating steak without the red wine I'd asked for. And they have the cheek to demand on their bills that you pay at least 15% in service. Felt like leaving nothing this time, but after reading reviews here that said people were shouted at after leaving no tip, I did in fact leave 16 or 17%. Regret it. I think I really gave it a chance but they don't give a shit about you, they really don't. Left a sour taste in my mouth as I was shoved out the door.
