After reading all the glowing reviews on Yelp, I was really looking forward to trying this restaurant and so made a reservation for one of their Friday jazz night dinners to celebrate my s.o.'s b-day there. We've dined a many other restaurants of this caliber and in comparison to other dining experiences, I was somewhat disappointed. The restaurant does have a beautiful view even if you're not lucky enough to be seated by the windows overlooking the river, but the food just wasn't outstanding. It was good but not fabulous and I was expecting fabulous. To start I had the prawn tempura; the prawns were tasty but they were served on a "cod brandade" that had the texture of mashed potatoes, which caused the tempura to become somewhat soggy rather than crispy and light as it was at first bite (it was also served in a strange asymmetrical boat shaped glass dish that looked nice but made it difficult to eat without tipping the dish over!). My s.o.'s seafood bisque was good but not special. For main courses, I had the scallops and my s.o. had seaweed encrusted halibut. The restaurant staff were very accommodating of our dietary particularities - we don't eat meat - and were quite willing to prepare my main dish without the pork bellies that were supposed to accompany the scallops. But, the dish was way too salty (and I like salty!) probably to compensate for omitting the pork and tasted like it was missing something - something acidic, something creamy, something else to contrast with and temper the saltiness. The halibut was good - perfectly cooked - but the flavors were not that interesting. For us, dessert was the high point of the evening: from the amuse bouche of a white peach pannacotta with toasted almonds, which was the divine creamy, smooth essence of white peach in an espresso cup - to the house-made truffle that ended our meal. My deconstructed key lime pie was fun and yummy - little ovules of lime meringue, whipped cream, and coconut sorbet garnished with coconut and graham cracker crumbs - and my s.o.'s pistachio cake was moist and tasty. The pastry chef knew what she/he was doing.     Service was certainly good in the sense that they were very helpful and not overly solicitous, but it was rather awfully slow (and the restaurant only has about 14 tables). We were seated at 7:30 and didn't leave until 10:45, and we didn't linger over menus or pre-dinner cocktails; rather, we waited with our entree plates in front of us for 15 minutes and then waited another 10-15 minutes for someone to bring us a desert menu. I think what made this dining experience mildly frustrating was the contrast between the attentiveness of the maitre d' who stopped at our table a couple of times toward the end of our meal to check in and the rest of the service, which was so slow. The strangest thing was that we were definitely the youngest people in the room (we're both 30 ish); I don't know if this fact contributed to the more lackadaisical service we received or the fact that each server seemed to be serving each table was to blame. I'd try on 20 again for lunch since their prix fixe seems like such a good deal and I don't know if our experience was just a fluke, but for dinner I'd much rather spend $200 dollars at Mas (farmhouse) in NYC or Bacchanalia in Atlanta or Ten Tables in JP, Mass - our favorite restaurants.
