Forget about the old business adage where "the customer always comes first" when you dine in Ippudo West. Dining in this place will probably give you a sampling of how rude, and controlling, their staff can be (especially the hostess/manager - Cory). We were a party of seven on a Friday birthday celebration of one our colleagues. We got there and the place was packed. They offered us two options, 1) separate the party into two tables being that one table is already available, or 2) wait a half-hour for a table for seven. Due to time constraints, we opted for option one. The celebrant took the first table and sat with three people from our party. Minutes later, the other half of our party were sat at a distant table. We noticed that the first table was a corner section of the room where seven people can actually fit together. We asked the waitress, but she asked us to talk to Cory. Cory denied our request due to fire regulations in which we complied. However, when the table next to the first group vacated, we asked Cory again if she can move us next to the other half of our party. She repeatedly denied us, and told us at the end that she will talk to her manager about it. The other people in our party also begged to move us, but they gave us a lame excuse that since we are already eating our ramen noodles we cannot be moved. Now I heard of them being protective of their recipe, but to restrict their precious noodles to move to another table is simply RIDICULOUS! A few minutes passed and we noticed that she sat another group of customers at the open table. Clearly, our request was not addressed to the manager as Cory did not even have the courtesy to inform us of its outcome. Staff from this location should be trained on how to treat customers better. It is very insulting for a customer to be told lies. I told the manager Cory that she should not tell customers BS excuses on my way out, but she just laughed it off. She is a pseudo-manager who is a poor excuse for a NY hostess! This place has good food, but all of that is overshadowed by the staff's rudeness and inconsideration of simple customer requests. I don't care how good your food is Ippudo! At the end of the day, everything boils down to good customer service, of which you don't have any. Shame on you, your owner, and especially your staff, for falsely believing that there is a compromise in good customer service.
