How many reviews begin: "I really wanted to like this place..."? Well, I really wanted to like this place. I have lived in Park Slope for six years and have always heard positive things about Applewood. I arrived with my girlfriend for brunch just after noon on a Sunday and asked the hostess how long the wait would be. I noticed a few empty tables and not many people waiting. She didn't give me an answer and said she needed to check with the few who were waiting before us. We waited and she then proceeded to seat us at a table outside. She didn't even ask us our preference and so I asked her, again, how long the wait would be for a table and, again, she couldn't really answer my question. She said there was full service at the bar and, again, I asked her how long the wait would be for a table inside. She finally answered: 15 minutes (a reasonable amount of time, just took three tries to get it out of her). After our wait, which only ended up being five minutes, we were seated. Our waiter handed us our menus and disappeared for almost 15 minutes. Finally he returned, only to tell my girlfriend that they were out of the dish she wanted to order, the biscuits and gravy. He couldn't have mentioned this when he handed us our menus? She needed a minute to decide on an alternative and he left us for an additional ten more minutes. She decided on the free-range Vermont veal bolognese with poached eggs and chile oil. I ordered the New Hampshire pork testa omelet. (A side note: I've had head cheese before. I would not have ordered this dish if I had not.) We waited approximately 50 minutes for our food to arrive. Again, we noticed many open tables and couldn't understand what the wait was for. In that time our waiter refilled our water glasses only once. A busboy brought our food and apologized for the wait (something our waiter should have done). My girlfriend's dish was bland and watery. She ate one bite. My dish had cartilage that was rough and hard and I had to spit it out. It hurt my teeth. Our appetites were gone. Also, the presentation was sloppy and did not look like much care went into it. Our food looked like it had just been plopped on the plate. I asked the waiter for our check and he noticed that my girlfriend hadn't touched her meal. She expressed her distaste and, graciously, he said we wouldn't have to pay for her dish (he didn't mention my untouched eggs). In the end, the food was poor and I was extremely frustrated by our inattentive service. We will not return.
