Let me start off by saying I never write reviews about things but my experience at capital grille actually prompted me to do so. I've come here twice with my girlfriend of three years and both instances have been despicable. First time we came we waited for over 25 minutes in the front of the restaurant as they didn't find us a table until finally the hostess Michelle did squeeze us into some corner. Next we both ordered the porterhouse but somehow after waiting for another 25 minutes we were served seafood. We then sent it back and got our real order some time later and the food was subpar. I've had better steaks at Outback Steakhouse. All the while the managing partner Joe Bulter was chewing our ear off clearly because of the immense mistake his restaurant had made and ended up asking my girlfriend how many months she had been pregnant...MY GIRLFRIEND WAS NOT PREGNANT. Deeply offended we wrapped up our meal and headed home and I vowed never to come back here, but my girlfriend who is now my fiancée wanted to come here for our anniversary dinner. So our second time around we actually did order seafood and it wasn't so bad, until the next morning my fiancée got food poisoning. Yes food poisoning. And when we got the check we had been charged extra for food we didn't order and when I confronted the manager Joe about it he was reluctant to listen to me because he must've thought I was lying but he ended up dropping the extra charges, not until he said the following, and I quote, "you know this restaurant just isn't for everyone." THE NERVE. I have never dealt with a nightmare of a restaurant like this in my life but I will curse the capital grille till the day I die. But before I end this review I have to give credit where credit is due. They have free valet and the valet guys were exceptional, they were friendly and prompt and extremely helpful and. The hostess staff was good at least the second time around. Also Chris who is one of the managers there was very friendly and helpful to us he genuinely cared about our dining experience and we appreciate that. But if I could give this restaurant zero stars, I would.
