Ever since I became old enough to appreciate authentic food, I've felt slightly discriminated against.   Last week we went to Willowbrook Mall, then, we decided to have a light dinner after exhausted shopping.  We were tired of having sandwich or pizza, while we drove around, we found this restaurant - Chengdu23 right on the corner next to HomeGoods, a little far aside from the mall. The courses listed on menu are so abundant that I could hardly pick any. Yet not for long, I decided to order braised beef soup noodle which is always one of my favorites in other Chinese restaurant, and ox tongue + tripe w/roasted chili peanut vinaigrette was my 2nd course.  My daughter loves poultry, so she had this tea smoked duck (so-called zhangcha ya). The beef noodle I had was Szechuan style.  I was kinda wondering when I had the first sip of the noodle soup, because it was not as spicy as I expected to be.  But few minutes later when I had more bites, the spicy and numb feeling gradually formed in my stomach - now this is how Szechuan style noodle were meant to be. And I love it so much! I have had so many spicy ox tongue + tripe as cold appetizer when I went to the other Szechuan restaurants, but never had one surprised me like Chengdu23.  The one I had in Chengdu23 was richly moist than others which made its flavor more substantial.  I did not finish this dish because I wanted to wrap it up for home on purpose.  I meant to save it and go with bagel for next day breakfast, you won't believe how awesome it tastes! The tea smoked duck was also perfect.  You really cannot judge by just looking at it.  At a glance, the skin of the duck 'looked' like little overcooked, but the taste of it was actually amazingly tender, plus you can really smell the very light but pleasant scent of tea.  For my daughter who never want to touch spicy food, they loved this duck so much and finished it all. In addition, we had this house seafood soup which is also irresistible. There was crab (or lobster?) meat and egg drops inside of it, the soup was so silky that comfort your throat peacefully, felt so terrific. To dine in Chengdu23 was absolutely an amazing experience.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is at ease, the owner and waiters were very nice and gave very helpful advises.  I would recommend to all my friends and definitely come again.
