My first experience at Noodle Village was mediocre.  None of the dishes were spectacular, but the congee was decent enough to warrant a second visit.  This was a big mistake.  Not only was the service slow and inattentive, but the food was a disaster.  I went with two friends and each of our dishes was flawed in a different way.  My friend is vegetarian, so before she ordered the steamed vegetables, she asked the waiter if the sauce that came with it contained any sort of animal product, such as chicken broth or beef stock.  The waiter didn't know, so my friend decided to order the dish with NO sauce.  What she was served was a plate of vegetables that was positively drowned in oily sauce. The next treat was my shrimp wonton soup was served lukewarm and inside of the wonton was cold - cold as in barely thawed out of the freezer.  The flavor was alright, and I finished most of the soup because I was starving, but I was upset that it was neither hot nor fresh.   The last dish we ordered, pork lo mein, arrived a little later than five minutes after the other two.  Being an optimist, I see the late arrival of this dish as a positive event, since it allowed time for my friend to send back her steamed vegetables and, well, my soup couldn't really get much colder anyway.  Unfortunately, the pork was over-salted to the point of being inedible.  The lo mein itself was fine, though.  It's hard to mess up noodles. I also have few comments about the physical space and atmosphere of the restaurant.  Noodle Village is pretty cramped, but this is not due to flocks of hungry people waiting unknowingly for poor service and worse food.  No, it's much simpler than that - there are too many tables packed into the space.  My friends and I were practically sitting on top of the group next to us.   The atmosphere of this restaurant was appropriately quiet, but what I picked up on during my second visit that I missed the first time was the proportion of tourists that make up Noodle Village's clientele.  My guess is that these are the people who didn't want to wait on line for Wo Hop (which is overrated, but still miles above Noodle Village). I'm not saying my friends and I got "ripped off," as the prices at Noodle Village are average for what you might find in China Town; however, we can easily find higher-quality food and more attentive service for the same price elsewhere in the neighborhood.  Tourists might go here once to check "eat in China Town" off of their to-do list, but there is really no reason for locals to bother with Noodle Village. Oh, by the way, in its most recent health inspection (10/25/10), Noodle Village scored 30 points.  That's pretty bad considering 28+ points is equivalent to a C grade on the new Department of Health grading scale.  Critical violations include: 1) Cold food item held above 41º F (smoked fish and reduced oxygen packaged foods above 38 ºF) except during necessary preparation. 2) Evidence of mice or live mice present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. 3) Live roaches present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. a816-restaurantinspectio…
