Took my girlfriend here for her birthday tonight, and wow, this place really deserves all the awesome reviews it's getting. We dove right in, ordering a number of appetizers in the $4 - 6 range so we could get the most out of the menu. We had: Sandeko Bandel ($4.99) A dish made from wild boar and served with lemon. It was a little gamey and tough, but I enjoyed it. Lhaphing ($3.99), A spicy mung bean jelly. It's a lot like really hot and savory jello. It looks benign, but it'll really sneak up on you! I can say that this dish was certainly a culinary experience unlike any I had before. Bhatmas ($3.99) These were pretty strange. They were dried soybeans, mixed with an array of vegetables and some chillies. The dish is eaten cold and provides a nice counterpoint to the overwhelming spiciness present in a lot of the dishes (in that it's cold and crunchy). Certainly a pleasant surprise! Chasha Kho-wa ($4.99) This was a soup with chicken and corn in it. It seemed like a good idea to order it because of how cold it was outside. I enjoyed the broth, but the dish sort of fell to the wayside and was overshadowed by the other, better dishes on the table. It was alright. It isn't something I'd turn down, but it's not something I'd be in a hurry to order, either. Yak Momos ($11.49) These were what we came here for. Yes, this area is flooded with great momo places (Bhim's Cafe being one of them), but as far as I know, this is the only one that serves yak. (Please, correct me if I'm wrong.) The dumplings were served with three chutneys: one red (which looked really intimidating, but really wasn't), one green (my personal favorite), and one orange. The dumpling skins were quite chewy and very nicely folded. They don't really skimp on the yak either; these dumplings are packed, and you can literally feel the juices drip out when you bite into them. To those of you who have never had yak, it tastes a lot like beef, but is much more intensely marbled. It basically melts in your mouth. It's not on the main menu; instead, it's on a separate menu that lists yak dishes exclusively. Tibetan tea (two cups were $2.50) This was also a new experience for me. I'd never really had a savory tea before (with the exception of Genmai-cha). This tea is really a love it or hate it kind of deal. It's extremely rich and has a slight saltiness to it--two characteristics that can easily and understandably turn people off. But if you feel adventurous, it's definitely worth a try. You can get a cup for just $1.25, and a pot for a bit over twice that. Overall, we got four (really filling) appetizers, tea, and some awesome momos for just about $35. I'll definitely be returning to Himalayan Yak in the future! Recommended: Yak Momos, Lhaphing, Bhatmas Good, but not essential: Sandeko Bandel, Chasha Kho-wa If you're feeling adventurous: Tibetan butter tea (I also saw a goat offal dish there that sounded really good. I might try that next time I go.)
