We live in the neighborhood and had been wanting to try this place for a while since we kept walking past it.  Yak is supposed to be in season according to their website, and our friend really wanted to try the yak, so we went. Things started off good. Nice atmosphere, cool copper cups.  I ordered a cocktail (a cosmo) which the waitress misheard and brought me a Tah Mahal beer. She was cool about fixing the drink order when I clarified again that I had ordered a cosmo (language miscommunication-she heard Taj Mahal, I guess they sound similar?) Anyway, we told her it was our fist time and we was helpful about suggesting a few things.   What we ordered: Goat Bhuttan (goat intestine)- the guys liked this a lot (4/5) Sadeko Bandel (Wild Board bacon basically)- pretty good (3/5) Gyuma (Blood Sausage)- definitely the stand out dish (5/5) Chicken Lollipops- Bland, kind of dry, nothing fancy (3/5) Shogok Ngopa (Chicken/Potato dish)- Pretty good. Again nothing really exciting but good (3.5/5) Beef Momo (Beef Dumplings)- Bland, boring. Expensive and lame. Better at a Chinese restaurant. (2.5/5) Overall the food wasn't bad. The blood sausage, the wild boar, and my chicken dish were pretty good. Since the blood sausage came out first and it was so good we had really high expectations for the rest of the food which was increasingly boring. We tried to order yak, and it wasn't until 20 minutes after we ordered that the waitress finally came back and said they didn't have any yak. Pretty much the reason we went to eat there to this was a real disappointment. Another 20 minutes later we have finished all of our food and are still waiting on the chicken momos we ordered. We flag down the waitress and she tells us that the other server gave away our momos and that we can either wait 20 minutes for them to make more, or have beef momos which are ready now. We opted for the beef momos (which were $1 more on the menu, not a big deal, but you would think she would not charge us for the beef since it was their mistake that we waited forever for the chicken which never came... but of course, she charged us for the beef in the end.) Bottom line, what started out as a nice experience continually spiraled downward. The waitress was weird about the whole not having yak thing, kind of lied to us about it. It was weird. After reading a ton of other Yelp reviews, we really think that they don't even serve yak ever. That it's some ploy. Considering the few Yelpers who have even had it said ti tasted just like beef... Sounds like BS to me. Anyway in the end we said something to our waitress about charging us for the beef momo just because we thought it was kind of a dick move on her part, and she got snippy as hell and never spoke to us again. She removed the momo from the check completely, through the check on our table (literally) and stomped off. Thanks for the good service hun!
