Sabrina's cafe is love at first bite. Waiting for Sabrina's is like waiting to get into Heaven. It's the food of angels...   I live in NY, but being a die hard Eagles fan, I love Philly, and try to go there as much as possible.  I also love food and trying new things to eat, so this past weekend, I looked up some new places to try on our trip.  I saw all the reviews for Sabrina's and was eager to try it.  All of the pictures and positive reviews doesn't even do this food justice.  I am quite impatient, and from reading the reviews, I knew it would be a long wait.  I called ahead on Saturday morning, and was told it would be about a 35 minute wait for a party of 2. Cool thing is that you are able to put your name on the list before you get there.  When we got there, we still waited about another 15 minutes.  When you go inside, it is pretty small and cozy, but in a very charming way.  It almost looks like it was an old house that has been converted into a restaurant. The vibe inside is really laid back and chill.   As soon as we were seated, someone brought us water.  About a minute or 2 after that, our waitress came over and talked to us about what we wanted to drink.  My hubby wanted a cappuccino, but didn't really know how he wanted, and our waitress was really nice explaining it to him and coming out with something that tasted amazing. I wanted to try their fresh lemonade, but was told that they were out because their juicer broke.  I thought to myself, they juice the lemons for the lemonade? I am in love with this place.  Before even getting here, I knew I wanted to try the stuffed french toast, from all the reviews I had seen, and I got a side of bacon.  Hubby got the Blue Caterpillar Smokin Mexi brunch special.  It was tortillas with yellow rice and beans and cilantro, and sweet and spicy chicken, with pepper jack fried eggs and chipotle plum melon sauce with guacamole and lime sour cream.  (its a mouthful to say and to eat :)  We were blown away with all of the layers of flavors in this dish.  Each bite was better than the last and we never wanted it to end. When I saw the size of the french toast, my face lit up.  It's pretty hard to put a smile on this face, but I was grinning from ear to ear.  Then I tasted it, and I almost fell off my seat.  First off, its freakin huge! Then its stuffed with some magical cream cheese and bananas on top.  It comes with a vanilla flavored syrup.  Hubby and I are both pretty greedy, and we could have shared this alone and been full.  The food tastes so natural and real.  I know that sounds funny, but when you go out to eat at like Ihop or something, you're used to the processed tasting loaded with sugar food.  This syrup tasted like, they just made it especially for you. I love cooking, and consider myself a pretty good cook. But eating at Sabrina's changed everything I thought I knew about food and taste.  We left Sabrina's full and satisfied with french toast left over.  Not stuffed and disgusted with ourselves as we usually do.  We loved it so much, that we went back on Sunday morning.  Hubby got the same thing, but I tried the Huevos Rancheros.  Food orgasm in your mouth is all I have to say.  We also tried the buttermilk pancakes.  Best pancakes I ever ate.  It came out huge, like the size of the plate huge, and with powdered sugar, but not too much, and that yummy syrup.   This brunch really made our trip, and I still find myself smiling about it as I write this review.  I am now back in NY at work  pondering what to get for lunch, and I am sad because whatever crap I am about to eat, will not hold a candle to Sabrinas.  I wish I was back in Philly sitting in Sabrina's cafe. and if you are ever in the area, wait it out and try it.  You won't be disappointed.
