My wife and I had a 7pm reservation here on a Friday night. Sharing the sentiment of other reviewers, this place's atmosphere is phenomenal. Rustic vibe, not a lot of space but I didn't feel cramped or that I was eating with another couple of strangers which is often the situation with the village scene. That said, it felt like there were more employees than patrons. You're greeted at the door by 3 people, there are 2-3 bartenders, and 3-4 waitresses, etc. The good: Drinks were a little pricey ($26 a round) which was expected but they were fairly strong and good overall. I had the volver which I highly recommend. We started with crab cakes as appetizers. They were tasty but not very hot (temperature wise). However, the saffron aioli & onion jam made this a great dish and we were satisfied with it. We also ordered a side of potato gratin and had the bread pudding for desert, both of which were also excellent and both were recommendations from our waitress. Speaking of the staff...the staff was very attentive which is great if we needed something every 5 minutes... The bad The staff was very attentive. It was a full court press as soon you get there. You're greeted by 3 people as soon as you walk in. A few  minutes after I arrived I forgot something in my car and my way out the same staff wished me a good night...One of the greeters would sneak in and out of the restaurant and take your drink when you weren't finished, or grab your plate when you weren't done. They were definitely trying to move tables and didn't care if it was apparent. After ordering desert, a waitress dropped the bill on the table without us asking for it. Didn't ask "can I get you anything else?" which is a pet peeve of mine when you're paying $175+ for a meal. She did however ask if we needed change two times  within approximately 5 minutes after leaving the bill on our table however we hadn't even look at it yet. We both had the duck entre. Mistake. I had high hopes but you needed much more than a steak knife to get through it. The flavor was good but it was very tough. I probably won't be back but this place certainly offered a lot of good things.
