Oh. My. God. Holy bleep they got it right. Mompou has got to be one of best places Newark has offered in decades. The city's Ironbound neighborhood is famous for its Portuguese and Spanish restaurants. Equally notable are the tired tourist traps that serve Iberian cuisines. Mompou is a welcome change. The space is, obviously designed to appeal to a younger crowd, still offers comforts folks of any age will appreciate. And without having to cross a river or two. Exposed brick? Yeah, it's been done -- some would say over done. But combined with one wall composed almost entirely of sawn off ends of logs and the clear drippy glass of the row of incandescent bulbs -- large looping filaments casting a warm, welcoming glow -- hanging over the bar, it works for Mompou. The wall of windows facing the street all open, making outside as welcome as inside on balmier days. Soft lighting spills out from above the gorgeous hammered copper ceiling panels. During the dinner hour(s), there's a dizzying choice of "traditional Spanish tapas with a modern twist" to please even the most skeptical of palettes, often served to a spicy jazz soundtrack. Wine and cocktails flow as the super-cool, but attentive, wait-staff fill plate after plate of tempting tidbits. I always finish with a plate of aromatic cheeses and some of the freshest fruit (An array of grapes -- three varieties -- raspberries to kill for and strawberries sweeter than Splenda in winter!?!) I've tasted since picking through Uncle Otto's garden on sleepy Virginia summer days. After dinner the lazy diners are replaced by hipsters nearly as cool (and almost as friendly) as the staff. It's not a pick-up joint, exactly, but you probably wouldn't mind getting chatted up here.  Though, upstairs, the music can be over-loud, making conversation impossible. The basement lounge, littered with low tables and huge ottomans is a welcome respite from the hurly-burly if the music hasn't moved you. I'm still working my way through their tapas menu --  i has changed a lot since they first opened -- they have by no means adopted the boring offerings of their neighbors. I'll need more time (and a MegaMillions jackpot win) to finish their wine list.
