My boyfriend and I were in New Haven for the weekend and heard that the restaurant scene here is supposed to be really good. So we decided to go Spanish and saw that Barcelona had gotten good reviews here. I'm happy to say that it did not disappoint! We came for Sunday dinner and Barcelona had specials like half-off wine bottles and a Sunday pig roast (which we did not order). The manager greeted us and showed us to our tables, after which we were attended by our very helpful waiter, Adrian. The area was separated into a lounge/bar area and the dining area, where we were seated. Ambiance was fancy but still laid-back and comfortable. Everything on the menu looked delicious and the scents wafting from the kitchen and other diners' dishes were mouthwatering. We decided on three tapas: Duck Fat Potatoes with jalapeno and sherry vinegar, Chorizo with Sweet and Sour Figs, and Sherry-cured Cod Esqueixada (According to Wikipedia, "esqueixada" is a typical salad of Catalan cuisine that consists of desalted and torn dried and salted cod mixed with vegetables. What we got were cured cod strips, tomatoes and some other spices on buttered toast.) They were all excellent, and portions were generous for tapas. We also shared an entree: Ostrich Loin a la Plancha, which was another excellent dish - six slices of ostrich meat served on whipped potatoes with a side of broccoli. We'd never had ostrich meat before, and were curious. Adrian, our waiter, said that it was very much like steak and recommended that we had it cooked medium rare, or it would be too tough. He was right, and the ostrich steak turned out beautifully juicy and tender. Our meal was also accompanied by a Riesling. Barcelona appears to have a very extensive wine list - I'm not a connoisseur so I'm just going by the number of selections here. We were stuffed by the end of our meal, but decided to try and make room for dessert. We ordered a Pear-Fig Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream and were so glad that we did. The ice cream complemented the cubed fruits and crisp very well, and it was overall not an overwhelmingly sweet dessert. It was a beautiful finish to a lovely meal at Barcelona's and we will definitely return whenever we're in New Haven again. While it's a more upscale (hence pricey) restaurant, the portions were generous and we definitely got our money's worth.
