I'm literally dumbfounded at how this place has such a good reputation. It's one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. I'd give this place 0 stars if it were possible. This place is a disgrace. I came here for a party and we were there for 5 hours. Everything about this place is awful, I don't even know where to begin. We were there for almost an hour and a half before the bread came out. Then another 20-ish minutes for the appetizers. It was a plate of prosciutto, another plate of mozzarella, sausage and peppers, and mussels. The mozzarella was definitely the best and safest option. The sausage and peppers were decent, but the sausage was a little gross. Next, about another hour or so later, penne vodka came out. It wasn't even penne vodka... it literally tasted like bad tomato sauce. It was a very small portion too. It was the worst penne vodka I've ever had, and I was very disappointed. About 40 minutes later, the salads came out. The dressing was not good. It was a very strong vinegar taste. We then waited another 40 minutes for the entrees. I got the chicken, which was not great, but not terrible. We waited another 40 minutes for the coffee to come out and the cake was served. The coffee was disgusting and they only gave us a small container of cream for 8 people. There wasn't enough for me and the girl sitting next to me. The waiter was handing out the cake, and for some reason skipped right over me and only asked me if I wanted cake, while everyone else just got it. The wait staff was extremely rude. Before the salads, they were handing out the forks, and the waiter leaned over me to give the person TWO seats away from me a fork. He could've easily walked around the table, but instead was literally on top of me. It was extremely rude. Also, before eating the cake, the waiter also almost hit my face with the forks. It was unbelievable. The entire time we were there, the waiters came around ONCE to refill our water glasses. And after we initially got there, they never came around to ask if we needed anything. My boyfriend and I wanted more soda, and no staff was anywhere to be found. We decided to take it upon ourselves to go to the bar and get it from there. We were standing there for 10 minutes, and again, no one was anywhere to be found. No bartender or staff whatsoever. We gave up and just went back to our table. I will definitely never be coming back here again. Everyone had such a horrible experience. We were all extremely disappointed. Oh and by the way, you can't park your car yourself; it's valet only. So come prepared with extra money.
