Summary: Wait was interminable, service was shockingly slow, atmosphere was really loud, food and bar was good. Make a reservation or come promptly at opening.  Eat at the bar if crowded.  Order only what they are known for - pastas.   Story:  I have had 2 previous experiences at Noodle Pudding that were lovely.  This 3rd time was sadly not the charm.  Granted, my boyfriend and I decided to go (no reservations) on a Saturday night at about 830p but we were in a patient mood.   Upon arrival, the place was naturally packed, 10 people deep waiting at the door.  The wait for 2 people was 1 hour - no problem - we headed to the bar which unbeknownst to us ended up being the peak of the night.  Bartender was great - speedy, hygienic (he checked all glasses for spots) and no frills.  Pinot noir was yummy.  Downhill from here.   Older Italian couple (Vinny + wife) arrived 30 minutes after us, cut the line and were seated promptly - clearly some VIP.  Another couple who arrived right before us on the list complained and were seated 20 minutes earlier than us - go figure.   God bless Ari (the maitre-d) who was sparkley friendly and attentive - maybe he knew he had to overcompensate for the long waits and poor service. We finally got our table and the service was awful.  The double-date seated *right next to us* who ordered *at the same time as us by the same server* got their appetizers and entrees far earlier then we did.  We stared at their good like hyenas.  Our server was the brunette with the black rimmed glasses - take note.  What I thought was her natural mellowness turned out to be more like space cadet central.   To start, ciabatta bread with oil was good - we inhaled ours from hunger crankies. Our calamari appetizer was clearly forgotten in the kitchen - the runner finally brought it out and apologized for the wait (45 minutes from the moment we ordered).   It was good though.   Our lasagna and pork chop came about 30 minutes after that and we just gulfed what we could so we could get the check and get the hell out of dodge.  By this point it was already 10:50pm!   The lasagna was good, pork chop dry (probably from sitting out too long).
