So this is a very difficult review for me to write. I frequent pies n thighs regularly. Its not uncommon for me to have brunch here twice a month, stop in for a late night chicken biscuit sometimes, dinner every now and again. I tell everybody who visits to go there. I'm a huge fan and I sing their praises to everybody I know. However, this past Saturday, I had a particularly distressing visit. My friend and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat while we caught up. After being ignored for a few minutes while standing around near the counter, we were finally sat. Our 'waiter' is positively MIA. After about 5 minutes I waved him down to ask for a coffee. After nearly 15 minutes we had to wave him down again to order. I asked a simple question regarding the portion size of the special, to which I was answered in a condescending "umm, have you ever been here before??" My friend asked if it was possible to add some additional veggies to his scramble, to which he was answered "this is like a soup kitchen, you eat what we make." Meanwhile, a family enters, nearly 20 minutes after we've been sitting, and they sit to right of us. Five minutes more and two girls come and sit to the left of us. Here comes our waiter out of nowhere, completely attentive, explaining specials, asking if there is anything he can do, 100% opposite of his demeanor with us. After about 20 more minutes of talking, my friend and I realize that the family next to us has their food and is eating. With our long empty coffee cups sitting on the table, my friend takes his to the counter to ask for a refill. He was told "Just sit down, we bring it to you." He inquired about where our food may be, as the family who came in 20 minutes after us was eating. "It will be out when it's ready," he's told. Five minutes later, the girls to our left now get their food. I call over my waiter and ask him what the deal is, and explained we will just go somewhere else if it is going to take much longer, we are short on time now. He said, "If you have to go, then go." So with this last bit of disrespect, I left four dollars on the table for our coffees and we left. Halfway down the block, our waiter chases us down to tell us our food just came up, now nearly an hour after we arrived. I told him thank you, but we're not coming back, we have to leave, its too late. He replies, "Fine, I've had it with you. Don't ever come back again." He then told me to write his manager if I had a problem with it. I've worked in restaurants for nearly 10 years as a chef. I've waited tables, I've bussed, I've done nearly all of it. I am not hard to please. I don't even care if my waiter is nice, they just have to bring my food and not be outwardly unpleasant. I don't care about whether the customer is always right or not, but when I ask why are the people who came 25 min after me eating and I'm not, maybe a simple, "I'm sorry" wouldn't be so out of line. Not a curt brush-off, "you'll get it when its out." I'm just really perplexed about the whole situation. Its possible this young man was having a bad day. But to chase me down in the street and yell at me not to come back to a restaurant where I regularly spend my money is just beyond me. All I did was ask where my food was, and tell him I was in a hurry. I'm just really disappointed with my experience this day and I'm not sure what to make of it. For as much as I love the food, I can do entirely without the pretentious, holier-than-thou attitude of a couple members of the wait staff. The rest of my visits here have been great, and the service very pleasant. Its obvious something about me rubbed my waiter the wrong way, but I can't for the life of me understand what I did to deserve to be treated the way I was. luckily there is a lot of good food in the area, so, perhaps I'll just take his advice. Sorry Pies n Thighs, its been real. But i guess its time to say goodbye. Edit: Upon writing the management, I received an extremely sincere and heartfelt apology, as well as was offered compensation for my experience. It was more than generous, and with this and in addition to my 100 other positive experiences with them, I have to let everybody know that this was hopefully a one-off experience. Kudos to the management for their stellar service.
