My girl and I just went here last weekend based on some of these reviews for our anniversary as well. Not being a very big "planner" I called day of for a reservation and was told they didn't do them for less than 5 people day of, and that the dining room was booked for the night, but to ask if anyone didn't show when you arrived. We got there and they said it would be about the same wait for both rooms. I let her know that it was our anniversary so we would wait for the nicer dining room with the three course meal. B/f I was done with my glass of wine, they came over to seat us....This is a place that gets all the details right...like placing out wine glasses on a tray to bring to the table...when we sat our excellent waiter came over with a bottle of sparkling wine from Spain to congratulate us on our anniversary. When it came time to order I asked his advice on three wines i liked, and having seen the price range i was looking at, and the kind of wine, he offered another suggestion that was excellent (Can Blau 05). Then we had a spoonful of fish tartar and other little veggies, apparently to awaken our palate. My girl had the crab ravioli and I got the lobster appetizer--Get the crab, the sauce was crazy good. Then for the meal I always ask my waiter and got the pork bellies and savored every bite, tender with a sauce that made me want to lick the bowl.--Side note--we know an ave amount about food and didn't know what a couple of the things on the menu were and the staff were very courteous and warm in their explanations so I didn't feel like an idiot asking what char was.---then we opted for a cheese plate and ordered three that sounded good, and she then brought over 4 kinds so we could try another she liked on the house, and ended with her getting the chocolate mouse, and I got the cheese cake---Go with the chocolate---then i finished with a cappuccino. At the end our waiter, Mathew, even brought the label to our wine in a card along with two coffee cakes to enjoy the next morning...The entire meal was excellent, the staff amazing, friendly, and very knowledgeable. the food, great--for a four course meal, a bottle of wine, and a couple of glasses to start,  with tip it was $300 and I would gladly spend that much again.......next year (the tavern seating is cheaper)
