I am new to the area just having moved here from south Jersey, and I've been checking out the local joints.  I'm also new to Yelp and thought it fitting that Egan & Sons be my first review since it has been the best experience I've had in Montclair.  I've been there three times so far and each time has been stellar, which is why I can't understand all these posts about bad service.  Seems to me like a neighboring establishment might be trying to make them look bad. The first time I went there I sat at the bar and I must say, kudos on the beer selection.  Impressive.  My bartender was Jeff.  He was great.  Somehow, between loading beer and cleaning glasses, he still found enough time to make sure my glass never got below a quarter full before checking on me.  Also impressive considering it was during a World Cup game and the place was busy and I wasn't his only customer.  Plus, he was knowledgeable about sports which came in handy because I don't follow soccer. The second time, I came in for dinner and sat at the bar again.  I don't recall the name of the bartender that served us this time, but he had a very heavy accent and I couldn't always understand him.  He was very friendly though, and he understood us as we got everything we ordered the way we ordered it and we never had to wait for a new drink.  The food there is great.  If you're a steak lover then I recommend the New York Strip.  Another one of my party had the Ahi Tuna which looks as good as it tastes.  The only thing I didn't care for was the wings, which everyone on here seems to love.  They seemed over cooked. The third time my party sat at a table in the front of the place at one of the bar tables.  I can't pronounce the name of our server, but it was something with an S.  She was very engaging and did a great job.  She kept checking on us throughout the meal.  My New York Strip was cooked perfectly (again).  My girlfriend had the scallops and she though they were phenomenal.  Her sister had the mussels and shared them with me because the portion was so large, she couldn't handle it herself.  They were great.  So good I asked for bread to soak up the sauce they were served in. This place is great.  I only gave it four stars because I want it to one up my previous experiences, which will be no easy task.  I will be coming back here again and again.  It has been nothing but a good time for me.
