Awaken Ohio transplants,recent college graduates who are dining out , not off Route 17 in Paramus and not with their Mommy and Daddy ,but in Manhattan and actually paying. I thought I wouldn't have to mention Californians getting off Tour buses and writing reviews on NY Pizza ???? Latest sign of  the "Coming Soon" Apocalypse . Lombardi's,is garbage. Devolved in recent years to mass produced ,Pakistani and Mexican crafted fake "Brick Oven" Pizza. Lombardi's has fallen forever through a combination of  ownership/mngmt. changes,erosion of authenticity ,ethnic/family pride and realization that they live off the fumes of past greatness. For all well intentioned yet misguided diners,listen  carefully, JOHN'S of BLEEKER STREET,just off 7th avenue south. Still made with fresh ingredients,sauce constantly stewing alongside the authentic mortar and brick oven that roars heat and flames so the massive Neapolitan oven master keeps pitchers of ice water right alongside as shifts pies all day long in and out .The mozzarella,local,as insiders would notice,Parisi or Vitos of Hoboken,at times  simply made in house. The meat,pepperoni,salsiccia.....from next door,Faicco's. Order a sausage pie and observe the fresh crumbled salsiccia ,fennel and seasoning still visible(as compared to the processed rat meat at Lombardi's). Not to mention fantastic traditional entree's,and the clincher, Calzone's for 4,massive,18 inch long Crescent shaped delights. If you have no NY reference point ,I suppose lauding Lombardi's might be feasible,but go to John's and Lombardi's will be revealed for the impostor that it sadly has become. Nota Bene for all rubes spanning" Bridge and Tunnel" commandos thirsty for culture and "oh my god" Orange County girls,"thin crust" pizza  is not authentic neighba-hood NY pizza. Thin crust pizza was always a slightly "high hat" version,relatively unknown or intimidating to the regular Joe. Desire authentic "Pizza Parlor" slices ? There are still quite a few,but drop in on Mariella's ,16th and 3rd avenue,accept no alternatives.
