I joined Yelp today SPECIFICALLY to talk about this restaurant and how deliciously amazing the brunch is. My gf and I started off by splitting the herring, which was impeccable, served with a delicious sauce and some sort of cracker.  We don't usually get appetizers for brunch, but we wanted to try as much as possible! For our entree, I had the Black Label burger (obviously) served medium rare, and I'm not even kidding that it was the best burger I've had in my entire life.  The burger itself was almost crunchy on the outside, but the quality of the meat was incredibly savory.  The bun was buttery and delicious and sopped up all the meat juice.  Absolutely perfect. My gf had the shirred eggs, which were also delicious.  The eggs had a great baked consistency, and were cheesy and gooey-- perfect with the bread served on the side. For dessert, we split the pots de creme, which were essentially three little pots of mousse-- chocolate, vanilla, and coffee.  They were served with two crispy little sweet wafers that were perfect for dipping.  All mousses were creamy and delectable.  The perfect size, too, for something small and sweet to split after the meal. We finished off with a round of drinks.  I had the Kentucky Dawn-- an orangey, espresso-y cocktail that was way better than it sounds.  It almost tasted like one of those chocolate oranges, except way more refreshing.  She had the French Toast Flip, which tasted just like french toast, except in a creamy martini form. The service was awesome-- we both agreed that our waiter was just the right amount of "there", always around when we wanted him but not annoying or trying to pressure us to order more.  I also appreciated it that we were there lingering for two hours, and no one was asking us or hinting to leave.   I have to admit, the meal was a bit pricey-- $140 after tax for brunch, which is something I've never spent on a meal-- but the service, ambience, and food were worth the price tag.  I'd gladly trade three mediocre brunches across town for one delicious brunch at Minetta Tavern. Make yourself a reservation NOW!  The wait might be a few weeks long, but trust me.. it's worth it.
