Can I give no stars? This was not just the worst service, but maybe one of the worst experiences of my life. I was in the neighborhood and needed to kill some time, so I thought I'd stop in for a beer. This was on a Sunday afternoon around 4pm--the place was packed with a brunch crowd and what looked like regulars hanging out at the bar. First thing, I walk in and I'm immediately asked for ID by the hostess. Like, she runs up to the door and asks me. I thought that was weird, but hey, it's Philadelphia, there are strict rules, plus I notice a sign by the entrance that says you must be 21 to enter, so I realize this is their policy. I also look very young, so I get carded all the time. Whatever. But then I sit down at the bar. After chatting with her friends, the bartender comes over and throws a coaster in front of me, doesn't make eye contact. She walks away and when she comes back I ask her what's on draft. "I need to see your ID." she says. I tell her I was already carded at the door, and if that's their policy, there's no reason for her to card anyone. Everyone in there should be 21. Right? Right. And it's 4pm, and this isn't a nightclub. I tell her that, and she snatches the coaster away, "I'm considering not serving you," she says, "I don't like your attitude." At this point, I'm so angry that I need to sit and calm myself, or else I know I will flip out at her. So I say I'm sorry and ask for my beer. I drink it, I go to the bathroom. I decide to confront her on my way out, so I can make a quick exit if I need to. I tell her that I'm upset because of her attitude towards me. That carding someone unnecessarily, then threatening to refuse service when they express displeasure makes them feel unwelcome. She won't back down, and starts screaming at me about how ridiculous I am. There's a slightly calmer guy next to her who may have been the manager who is a little less rude, but still takes her side. Earlier when I was sitting at the bar, I realized that my friends had been refused service at this place as well. They also happen to be black, and when they told me the story, they said they felt they had been discriminated against. I tell them this, and  the drunk guys at the bar jump in. They all start screaming at me to "get the fuck out of here" and "go home". That was absurd of me to suggest, because Philadelphia has obviously progressed against racism, especially in the integrated neighborhood of Fairmount! (That's sarcasm, in case you didn't pick up on it). Of course, I was the only black person in the place. I've since read over most of the Yelp reviews of this place, and it seems like my (and my friend's) experiences might be the most extreme cases of this place's bad service. I also think that they might be trying to self-select their own customers using their absurd ID policy. Seriously, when's the last time you got carded for brunch? And twice? It seemed like they make a lot of their business from regular customers, especially from the neighborhood. My question is: what's the line between a slightly insider-y neighborhood place and a Geno's, where they are outright discriminating against customers? Whose job is it to police this? I'm going to make a few calls to the city tomorrow to try to report this incident, and to figure out the legality of what they're doing. I'll update this post with my findings. I'm sorry to everyone who enjoys this place, but I want to see them pay for how they treated me and my friends.
