Visited Don Peppe's on Saturday.  The food was very good, but I have been to many restaurants, and I can get very good food anywhere.  The rest of the place is a nightmare.  Starting with the greeting and treatment from the owner I'll call him "The BOSS', at the door, stating in a gruff maner, "Sit Down, I'll have a table for you soon." while others who came after us were seated right away.  He,"The BOSS" also told us in the same gruff manor, not five minutes after we paid our check, "you have to get up now, I need this table, we have people waiting."   Never in any restaurant have we been told to leave.  He,"The BOSS" was rude, obnoxious, nasty and full of himself and his own ego.  Our waiter was no better, rushed us and tried to tell us what we wanted, placed an order for pasta we didn't ask for.  $20.00 for a bottle of lousy house wine I wouldn't cook with.  I think bums on the street drink better wine.  We ordered our coffee's, and I asked if they had biscotti for the table, and was told very nastily, "Where do you think you are, in a Manhattan restaurant?"  Just nasty talk back from start to finish. The menu is on a board at the back of the restaurant, so if you have trouble seeing you have to get up, go over in the middle of other patrons who are eating and look.  God forbid they should spend some money and print paper menus for us paying slobs. The place is a dirty mess from floor to ceiling, dust and cobwebs everywhere.    Don't know when the place had a good cleaning last. Poor air conditioning.  I think the "BOSS" turns it on and off so patrons will eat fast, hurry out, and the "BOSS" can turn another table.  I could go on, but surfice to say we will not be comming back to "Don Peppe's" ever again.  Also would like to know who he bought that "A" rating he sports in the front window from?  Cash only business!!!!  Like to know how much business he claims on his taxes!!!!    I give this place 5 stars for grunge:-(. P.S. Anyone who thinks the food is so good it worth getting treated poorly, and eating in such a dirty place must not know what it is like to have both.
