I had the WORST dining experience of my life at Misconduct. Our server, Aisling, was terrible, inattentive, condescending and rude. I recommend that if you're trying to spend money in Center City, you look elsewhere. At 30 Years old and NEVER having given a bad review, I started a YELP account so that I could write a bad review of our server, that's how horrible my experience was. First of all, a friend and I came into Misconduct with a table full of BARTENDERS. We all know how it is but-most Importantly- we all know how to TIP. This server got none of our money. NEVER in my life have I not left at least a 20% tip. NEVER. I simply could NOT leave any $ for this girl and if I had given service as terrible as hers, I would not expect one.  First, I came in to meet my friends who had arrived about an hour earlier. When I arrived I was informed, "Our server hates us.", which I quickly shrugged off because sometimes people can be particular and I assumed the girl was having a tough/stressful day.  Not really the case when I see her over at the server station drinking coffee and laughing for 10 minutes. I do the same job as you. If I'm in the weeds, I don't have a leisurely coffee and I'm not standing around giggling at my coworker's jokes.  I'm working because that's what you do at work...or that's what I do at work, at least.   Then, she came over to take a drink order. I wasn't ready to order yet and told her I'd love a water and a minute to decide. She brought the water and never came back to take our drink order. After 20 minutes and our server spending a LOT of time gossiping with the table behind us before walking away (twice), we flagged down another server to put in our basil lemonades and food.  15 minutes later-no drinks-no food. If Aisling hadn't been over to the table right next to us to leisurely gossip, I'd have assumed she was slammed but, no. She had plenty of time to talk to the other tables who were all around us but, kept skipping over us. Why? Oh, I don't know...maybe because the first beers she brought out to my friends before I had arrived were room temperature. Not just a little cold but, like they had never been refrigerated. After letting her know that they wanted cold beers, she took them away and within 5 mins had ice cold beers. Really, Aisling? Do you have some temperature sensitivity that keeps you from determining which beers are cold and which are warm?  If so, you should look for a new job. In fact, you should look for a new job now because, clearly, you're terrible at the one you do have.   My friends who had already been eating were fed up already and I was trying to convince them that in some way this girl was not to blame. Then, another 10 minutes went by and Aisling was nowhere to be found. It was at this point that I had had it.  I wasn't going to spend any of my money in this place. I walked over to the server station to inform Aisling that we didn't want the drinks or food we had ordered from another server who we had to flag down, we wanted them all taken off the check since we hadn't received them and we were going to spend our money elsewhere. She stormed back into the kitchen with an attitude and a roll of her eyes...then she dropped off the check-very quickly, I might add- with the food and drinks we never received and a "sorry" written on the check. Really? You're sorry that you're charging me for food and drinks that never came out?  Then when I REINFORMED her that we weren't paying for the drinks and food that never came out, she raised her voice  at me and ARGUED with me about it saying "well, you're food is in the window" which, I guess was supposed to make me feel bad but, at this point, I wasn't spending any of my money at this place. And if my food WAS in the window, why was the server spending all of her time in the server station laughing at her coworkers and not bringing it to the table and where were our drinks 20 mins later?  As she yelled at me, I asked to speak with her manager because, If I was a manager, I'd want to know if the service or attitude of my staff was this horrible. This guy couldn't care less and when I let him know that, hey we're all bartenders and we know what it's like but this girl was just terrible to us, his reply was to take off the food and drinks we never got (aw, gee thanks.) and tell me, "I've never known her to be like that so I guess I just have to take your word for it." In a way that let me know that he thought I was the jerk. THEN, to add insult to injury, Aisling kept coming back to our table to "thank us" very condescendingly. After I told her that we didn't need her crocodile tears or her insincere thank you's and we'd just like her to get away from our table and we were going to leave, she came back ANOTHER time to give a condescending "thank you". This was after she'd already argued with me and yelled at me.   Frankly, I hope they fire her.  She was rude, condescending and looked like she hadn't showered ino
