Where to start... ? My parents were in town visiting from Maine and I thought I'd take them somewhere local instead of dealing with the insanity of Center City on a Friday night. We got there early for our reservation and were seated almost immediately, which was nice. That was the last nice thing that happened. When we sat down there was no paper/table cloth on the table- strange since all the other tables had some sort of "table dressing". We ordered and my parents both had an appetizer of the butternut squash soup, which they said was quite tasty. For the next 20 minutes I hungrily eyed several of the many frantic, crazed waiters/waitresses for a piece of the huge loaf of bread sitting only a mere 5 or so feet away. Unfortunately, while I saw many pieces of bread being cut and delivered somewhere in the restaurant, none of them caught on and even after several requests, we still had no bread. Luckily, as I was moments from nearly gnawing my own fist off, one waitress finally figured it out and brought over one piece of bread for each of us. Many moons later our entrees arrived. They were actually quite good, or maybe I was just crazed with hunger and ready to eat the next edible thing placed in front of me. There was also a formidable circus of crazy waiters/waitresses and a person I assume was the owner running back and forth from the kitchen/out to somewhere else and yelling urgent messages at each other .. like "FORGET THE SALADS!!!" This fortunately entertained us throughout most of the night. My boyfriend ordered a cheese steak and left half of it on his plate, anticipating some leftovers for lunch tomorrow. With it we had put a small piece of my chicken to save as well. When my boyfriend asked one of the waitresses to wrap it up she gave him a disgusted face and said "REALLY?!?!?" (with nasty face) in response to the small piece of chicken. Seriously lady? Aren't you supposed to say .. "Yes! Sure! I will wrap that up for you!" or at least bring out a box?! I thought she was joking but then she never laughed.. Then she decided to bring my boyfriend's plate over to another waitress, who was standing less than 5 feet from our table, and vocalize her disbelief (again, seriously lady?) over someone asking to wrap up a small piece of chicken. My parents, boyfriend, and I sat at the table with mouths agape over the utter disrespect and rudeness this awful waitress had just displayed. Who does that? THEN... (yes it gets better) ... my boyfriend's cheese steak and small piece of chicken.. mysteriously disappear! AKA THE RUDE AWFUL WAITRESS threw it away. WTF lady? When he asked about it about another 15 minutes later, she laughed it off with an "oops! heheheh!" No one else was laughing, however. We were offered free desert, which was actually horrible. The tiramisu tasted like sour cheesecake. Or maybe I was still just disgusted with this terrible waitress? I have lived in this neighborhood for almost 4 years and now I know why I have never tried London Grill before.. they are home to possibly the rudest and most ridiculous staff in the 'hood. Save your money and go to Bishop's Collar or somewhere else where they will actually treat you like a decent human being.
