Yesterday was my 11th anniversary.  We thought it would be fun to stop into Dish for a couple of cocktails and an appetizer before heading out to dinner elsewhere.  Overall, Dish is an attractive looking bar and restaurant.  Arriving at the bar, there were a couple of "reserved" signs at some of the bar seats.  However, we did find two seats together and sat down.  This was at about 6:15pm, and the restaurant and bar were half full at most.  Nobody greeted us or acknowledged our presence.  And we were dressed nicely, as we were headed to dinner at Carbone's, a classic and excellent Italian restaurant in Hartford's South End, so we didn't look like bums or anything.  After 10 minutes of being ignored I said to my wife "let's give it another 5 minutes before we go elsewhere".  I would have left earlier, except I had already paid $10.00 for parking across the street.  One of the two bartenders may have heard me, as he looked over and said "I'll be right with you".  It was interesting because the two bartenders make a good show of looking busy, but with the place half empty, how could they be?  After another couple of minutes he took our order.  I got a Tangueray & Tonic (a fairly standard drink and virtually impossible to mess up) and my wife ordered one of the special cocktails called a "Hot and Dirty", described as Skyy vodka with olive and jalapeno.  My drink was fine.  The Hot and Dirty was vodka with a lot of olive juice in a martini glass.  It arrived with no garnish (perhaps an olive or jalapeno would be appropriate??).  I took a sip and it tasted just like the waters of Long Island Sound.  We requested an olive and eventually got one with the bartender saying "sorry about that".  There was no way we were going to order an app there, based on the stellar service up to this point.  I asked for our check and after a few more minutes of being ignored, it arrived.  I noticed that there was a "Harveys Creme" added to our bill, which we did not order and it was not an ingredient in our drinks.  I brought it to the bartender's attention and he promptly adjusted the bill and said "I don't know how that got onto your bill".  Oh yeah?  I know how it got onto my bill...you put it there hoping I wouldn't notice, Mr. Incompetent Bartender.  And by the way, the entire time we were there the seats at the bar that were "reserved" remained empty.  Really?  You're going to keep prime seats at the bar empty, generating no revenue, on a Saturday night? Now THAT'S a brilliant business decision.  Upon leaving, we both used the restrooms and then my wife wanted to take a look at the dining room, which is attractively designed.  I said, "take a good look, 'cause we'll never be back".  This is one of those restaurants that looks nice and trendy, but comes off pretentious because of the incompetence or attitude of some employees.  And as they say, "there is never just one cockroach".  So I think the cavalier pretentious attitude and slipping extra items onto a customer's bill is most likely systemic and perhaps even comes from the top.  This restaurant will be out of business in under 2 years.
