I have never been more disappointed with a visit to a restaurant in my whole entire life, that I actually had to create a yelp account just to write this review because I'm so disgusted with the food and the service at this place. This restaurant has really scarred my restaurant experience in Brooklyn overall because the management at Peaches DOES NOT and I repeat DOES NOT PUT CUSTOMERS FIRST!!! My boyfriend and I was on our way to PA and decided to go out for brunch before the trip and was so excited to try out the food at this restaurant because of the pictures we saw on Instagram and the somewhat positive reviews on yelp. Upon entering the restaurant they sat us to the seat closest by the door that was overpowered by flies. Of course they carefully wiped down the area before seating us and fanned the flies away but the flies returned once our meal did. At first glance the food looked delicious. My boyfriend ordered the shrimp po'boy and I had chicken & sausage jambalaya. In the middle of eating my jambalaya I decided to take some more pictures to post and as I snapped away, I noticed a long strand of black curly hair swimming in MY jambalaya. I couldn't even describe the feeling I felt when I tried to pulled the long never ending strand of curly hair out of my bowl that wouldn't budge because it was attached to a piece of scallion. Grossed out by the sight of the hair, I put my phone down and called our waiter over immediately to show her. She apologized repeatedly and said that I could order whatever I wanted on the menu and it would be on the house. At first I was thinking, why on earth would I want to order anything else but then my boyfriend nudged me to order because it was a nice gesture on her behalf so I told her I'd have the French toast with an omelette. I figured I'd take it to go and give it to my brother. Five minutes later, our waiter returns stating to us that her manager refused to give us anything on the house as if we did something wrong. I actually started to laugh and asked her if this was a joke. She informed me that it wasn't and those were the managers orders. I felt like I was being played with and the fact that the manager couldn't even come over to us and apologize and tell us herself, it got me even more upset at the situation that they were at fault for. Like where is the communication between the staff and the manager? How does the staff tell you you're entitled to a meal on the house and then the manager changes their mind? I've never been put in such an uncomfortable situation. It was so unprofessional and looked so horrible in front of the remaining guests. And when we asked to speak to the manager to resolve the issue, she took forever to come out to speak to us. It's like the manager was trying to avoid speaking to us which only added more fuel to the fire. After 10-15 agonizing minutes of waiting we decided to leave out of frustration. In conclusion, we don't recommend anyone else to eat here due this restaurant's unsanitary conditions, the manager's lack of communication with customers and neglect to satisfy customer's needs after being at fault. They get a big fat F in my book!
