A friend told me about this place. I decided to try it,I ordered a chicken box. I was told the chicken box was: 3 peices of chicken 1 biscuit 1 side I was blown away when I was given the total 14.00 I said wow this should be some damn good chicken NO !!!!! The chicken was cold The fries were TERRIBLE comparable to a bad batch at McDonald's but atleast at McDonald's the price makes it not hurt that bad. I decided never to return to this place until the friend encouraged me to call and tell them. I really felt I was given a box that was sitting out all day. Here is where it goes way downhill I was told they couldn't deliver it hot,I was asked what did I want them to do I said I don't know I just resigned myself to not coming back . I was told ok we will send you out another box and you can decide whether or not you want to return then apologies. I said ok, I was put on hold and then told they would not be able to send me the box they just promised me ...because I should have called yesterday. They said they were sorry I was upset. I said now I am more upset,then I was hung up on.I ended up speaking to the owner,who again promised me the free chicken box,but was very rude and condescending. I ended up telling her I didn't even want the chicken because if it was anything like what I ordered I would throw it away. Had to get it out pardon the delivery.....so many places with way better food better prices !!!! this place is wrong on so many levels on a bad day Popeyes is way better don't even talk about Harlem or different spots in bk stay in wburg you would never make it anywhere else....an honest review of the food I was served compounded by awful customer service no hope there it goes straight up to the owner ...started with terrible overpriced food...I was told by the owner when questioning the food for the price OH THOSE ARE JUST OUR PRICES I want to paint this picture to let you guys experience what I did do not support this place they do not deserve to be open point blank!!!
