Last night was our friend's birthday and we were very excited to celebrate with some noodles because noodles are usually delicious. We decided to try Samurai Mama because the online menu looked promising. Because she is responsible and possesses the quality of foresight, my friend called the night before to inquire about making a reservation. She was informed the restaurant does not take reservations, which is fine. My friend told the hostess we would be a party of 10 and was reassured that there probably would not be much of a wait on a Tuesday night. So, we decided to give it a go. Noodles are worth the risk, right? I arrived at the restaurant first--about 40 minutes before my friends--and decided to check out the scene inside. It was empty, which was great because this meant we would most likely get a table. The host told me to come back when my party arrived and said it was not necessary to leave my name or phone number. "Just come back," he said, "we will seat your group when everyone is here." Half of our group arrived at 6:30pm. We poked our heads into the restaurant again and guess what? Still empty! We asked the host (not the same one that was there 40 minutes before) if we could order some drinks and appetizers while we waited for the rest of our party. After a series of mumbles, he proceeded to usher us into a prison-like room, his impractical-looking black shawl floating behind him like a kite in the summer breeze. After we were all seated in this jail cell of a "waiting room," shawl man disappeared. Then, BAM, he reappeared and told us a new rule which he had apparently invented in the 2 minutes he was gone. Because of the size of our group, we were required to spend a minimum of $30 apiece. Now, I love noodles as much as the next girl, but unless there are gold flakes floating in the broth I'd prefer to save my money for other things. Also, wouldn't a normal establishment WANT a party of 10 to spend money and celebrate there? Even if we spent a measly $25 apiece? Especially since there were 3 other patrons in the restaurant. 3. And I may have even seen a tumbleweed. Don't go here. The place seems mismanaged and the staff is pretentious and rude. But do contact the host if you would like to borrow his cape for Halloween this month.
