Where do I begin to explain how Miya's Sushi has changed my life when it comes to dining experience. One of my good friends invited me to have lunch at this little restaurant about 7 years back and I was simply blown away by the food, the atmosphere and the sheer friendliness. The second time I was there the owner/chef actually remembered me and what happened since then has been a close friendship with Miya's that I will never forget. The true passion and love for creating food and presenting it to customers in a unique way has made me visit Miya's three times a week on average up until I moved back to Europe. This is not a restaurant where you come only for the ingenious food. Food that happens to change on a regular basis because nobody wants the same menu for 30+ years because well, let's face it, that's boring. Sure, some of your favorite dishes might no longer be on there, but then you simply create new favorites. You don't always listen to the same music either! Dining out is an experience. If you're simply looking for food, you can go to any other restaurant in New Haven and sit at your table, check you're phone for the duration and mindlessly eat your food, but if you're looking for a culinary adventure, interesting clientele, social interaction with your fellow diners AND a wake-up call for your tastebuds you go to Miya's! Let me be honest, Miya's is an acquired taste. If you happen to have had a bad experience, chances are you yourself are at fault. No matter if you think you have superior tastebuds or experience in the culinary field. Those who love Miya's will tell you it's not ONLY about the sushi, it's the whole package. I currently live in Amsterdam, Netherlands and every time I visit NYC I make sure to go to Miya's because this little 'sushi' place has taught me how a REAL restaurant is supposed to be. Like a family. The choice is yours, are you open-minded enough to truly experience something? Marc Daniel van Biemen Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, Amsterdam
