My boyfriend surprised me one time and took me here. We were both very excited and eager to come here. But a few minor complains and a few big ones kind of turned me off. Lets start with the major ones. The food was pretty sub par. I realize there focus is on the cheesecake, but come on, you have to put some effort into the food! The menu was like an encyclopedia! It took forever to read through it. Way too many things on the menu, and what we had wasn't very good. They should really try shrinking that monster of a menu and do their dishes right. The food was not very good. Not bad, just not very good. They really have a little of everything, which I think its a problem. I know its a chain, but somebody up in HQ should give the menu a theme, not just anything they can think of. More about the food, the prices were really overboard. The portions are big, but I could see them try to skimp. They only gave a few shrimps in my pasta. And for some reason, I can't help feeling they're trying to make the portions look bigger by putting them on bigger plates. For the terribly high prices, it is not worth it. Minor complaints. It was very busy and our server didn't spend much time with us. When she came to our table it was to drop the food down and walk away. Definitely make a reservation. Our server sat us right next to another couple and our tables were really close. There was an empty table next to us that they could have sat us in. I know that sounds really minor, but I don't like the idea of being cluttered while I'm dining out. I think they make the tables closer together to fit more people in at once and get more revenue. And last stupid complaint, their uniforms make them look snooty and stuck up. They are trying to pull off a high class first class feel, but that's not what this restaurant is. But now for the good. THEY'RE CHEESECAKE DOES NOT DISAPPOINT! I had the banana cream pie cheesecake and it was amazing! I just want to try every cheesecake on their menu. I would come back here for a second try, but when its less busy. But if anything, I will always come for the dessert.
