Completely disappointed. Last night, I brought approximately 12-13 people to dinner at Cafeteria. It was the first time for many of us so we were really excited. We didn't want to go anywhere else. The manager and host were really helpful in making sure we were all accommodated. I really appreciated that. The food was great. The venue was awesome and so was the waiter until the end of the night when the bill came. I told him that if there was a balance after everyone paid, we would take care of it. With big parties, its inevitable that there would be a short. However, on the bill, there was still a charge for a sparkling waffle dish that was supposed to be for the birthday boy. I remember going up to the waiter in the middle of dinner and asking if there was anything they usually do for someone who's celebrating their birthday. He said yes. We could get either the waffle sparkling or a small chocolate cake type dish. I said we'd get the waffle. He never said we would be charged for the waffle. In my opinion, if we were to be charged for the waffle (knowing that restaurants usually make a birthday dish on the house), we should have been told that upfront. Not even considering the miscommunication on this, its important to point out that the waffle never came--even when we were paying the bill. The birthday boy was about to walk out so I, once again, saw no reason for us to pay for something we 1. Didn't know we would have to pay for. and 2. Never received. The handling of this situation was very disturbing. Yes, there was miscommunication but for the waiter and the manager to come to me and plainly say "I don't see how you could assume this is free" and completely disregard the fact that we never even received the dish is just completely bewildering to me. In the end, aggravated, the birthday boy threw down cash and left. The waiter took it, turned to the register and didn't say anything else. I was embarrassed and very disappointed in the level of service I received. Had they handled it differently, maybe apologizing for the confusion and admitting miscommunication or something, I would have been more receptive to the idea of paying for the dish. But they didn't. They were arguing with me when I am the customer. We spent close to $200 here. Should we not receive some time of respect as customers? This totally ruined my experience and I doubt any of us would be back. Hopefully, next time you all will consider putting the customer before the ego of a waiter who doesn't want to be proved wrong.
