On our way to wedding being held at the Atrium at the Curtis center, we arrived a bit early.  The reception began at 7:00 PM and the Curtis Center doors did not open until 6:30 PM.  My family and I arrived at approximately 5:30 PM.  We needed to burn time somewhere close by, as it was 105° in center city on this day.  Based on a recommendation from the valet we headed to Cooperage Wine & Whiskey Bar.  What a mistake and to add, a terrible recommendation from the valet.  Aside from a pleasant greeting from the bearded man in the t-shirt, as we entered...it was all downhill from there. The gentleman at the entrance directed us to the far side of the bar, where he indicated there was plenty of seating.  There were four of us.  Dressed to the nines, but hot from the sweltering temperatures outside I took my suit coat off and began to lay it over the back of one of the chairs at a four-top.  Immediately, a server, also bearded, barked, "You can't put that there...that's table seating!"  Odd I thought?  How did he know we weren't going to sit there?  There were four of us after all.  As I turned towards the bar, thankfully, another server, also bearded, kindly pointed out that there were hooks under the bar counter that we could hang our jackets on. Having never been to this establishment before, none of us were familiar with the bar menu, so I order a Miller Lite bottle.  The bartender, no beard, explained that they had no light beers and tossed me a drink menu.  His attitude was condescending, as if it were blasphemy that I would order a "commercial" beer at his bar.  Again, never having been there before and knowing the name was Cooperage WINE & WHISKEY Bar; I had no idea only micro-brews were served .  Who knew? I scanned the menu.  Now, being from Chester County, more specifically, the Downingtown area, I spotted something familiar - Victory!!  Having had the Victory lager before, I order the Victory 12.  Of course this was also an unacceptable order coming from a micro-brew neophyte.  The bartender told me, "You don't want that...it's this big (miming something larger than a bread box) and it's 12 proof."  So, I said, "Okay, what the closest thing you have to a light beer."  At this point he must have had enough of me because he then said, "I don't know man...we have no light beers here."  The bartender let me sample some draught.  I said, "I'll take it."  My next drink was a Tanqueray and tonic. Now my wife's order.  She said, "I'll just have a water."  The bartender responded with, "Yes, We have water here???"  My wife repeated, "I'll just have a water."  Enough said. My son wanted a Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey - Honey.  No where to be found.  "WINE and WHISKEY" Bar...?   Enough said.So, a few minutes pass and I look down the bar and I see my brother and his wife arrive.  We wave and go to their section of the bar.  I ask my sister in-law what's she's drinking and she told me she wasn't sure.  I was puzzled and asked her what she meant by that.  She said she had ordered a Pinot Noir.  I noticed that her wine was "white", not "red".  Enough said. Aside from the friendly greeting when we arrived and the server with the "hooks", this placed is not worth the poor customer service.  Unfortunately, due to the heat it was our closest option.  Otherwise we would have left.   Perhaps the staff was not prepared for the onslaught of the unexpected pre-wedding crowd...although; it was 5:30 PM on a Friday night - prime "happy hour" time.  Come to think of it the place was not very busy for a Friday at 5:30 PM.  Now I know why.
