I really wanted to like this place. My girlfriend grew up nearby and I make it a point to support local businesses rather than corporate chains. I'm a very loyal diner and regular at many places and am always looking for new restaurants to add to the list. Unfortunately, Brix missed the hitlist and made the *hitlist. When we walked in, our first impression was good. They've recently renovated and have created a kind of low budget, do-it-yourself Gordon Ramsay makeover to the place. However the positive reaction quickly faded as we waited at the empty hostess stand alongside other customers who looked just as confused and annoyed as we did. When we were finally seated, the waitress rudely tossed our menus on the table without even greeting us or telling us it was our table. Sadly, the bad start to the evening only got worse with the food - much worse. Contrary to what the name suggests, this is just a normal Italian restaurant's menu, but with a "tapas" section. As another reviewer below already said, this isn't tapas at all, it's just a collection of appetizers. Nevertheless we decided to stick to the tapas menu since that's what we thought what the restaurant specialized in. The mozzarella and tomato towers (basically a caprese salad stack) simply had no flavor whatsoever. As the first thing I tasted that night, (or didn't taste), it actually made me question whether I had a cold. The seared ahi tuna was completely overdone, practically cooked through, and rubbery. The ribs were just a joke - a plate with four tiny, separate ribs that were clearly not made in house. Imagine precooked ribs from Costco - after 2 nights sitting out on a table. The meatball trio was the only passable dish, which is all I can really say about it - it was hot and edible. However the absolute worst thing I've been served in a very long time was the sausage and broccoli rabe. There was simply no way that the dish had been cooked in the last 72 hours. It tasted like week old leftovers that weren't ever good to begin with. The broccoli was complete mush, the sausage was tough and tasted like a refrigerator, and both were swimming in old, murky olive oil. That was really the common thread among all the food, it was not fresh at all. I don't understand why some restaurants try to cut corners and save time by cooking things in advance, but this place is definitely one of them. Sadly, the service here was just as bad as the food. The place wasn't busy at all, but we waited 10 minutes to be seated, 15 minutes to get our order taken, 10 minutes for our drinks to arrive, and we had to ask for basic things like silverware and plates. The only thing that came out quickly was the food, and it was obviously because most of it was cooked earlier in the week and microwaved to imperfection. After the meal, we waited for over 20 minutes for our waiter to give us the check. We were the last ones in the place, the staff had already began eating at another table, and I had to ask the bartender to find our waiter, which took her another 5 minutes of yelling for him in the back. Unfortunately, while Brix did succeed in renovating the decor, they completely and utterly failed in changing what matters most in a restaurant - the food and service. All in all a completely regrettable and awful dinner experience. One of the few nights I wish we'd gone out for fast food instead. I hear the McRib is back.
