I went to the Belgian Cafe last night with a group of friends, having been here once and enjoying the food immensely. Went again last night, and everything was just a mess. We were waited on by a waitress with an attitude problem who didn't want to seem to be there at all. Our orders were wrong or missing entirely. I had to remind her about my burger which wasn't put in at all apparently. That problem could have been avoided if she wrote down our orders instead of trying to play Super Waitress. There were quite a few people, it's understandable if you can't remember it all. A few people at the table ordered burgers, and when my friend received her medium rare burger, hers came out more ultra well done super hockey puck style. Being a server herself, she doesn't really send food back unless it was inedible. It was not edible. After the table was eating for a bit, I inquired about my burger and was given a blank look, even though the surrounding people, including my husband heard me order it loud and clear (and the only person at the table who just ordered without having her ask how I wanted it, what sides, what burger etc). My burger came out, before my friend who sent her burger back and when I bite into it, I almost gagged. I cannot, will not eat rare burgers, it's just a personal thing, which is why I order medium-well but instead got a burger so rare, it was practically mooing. I just gave up and just gave the burger to my husband to eat. My friend who sent her burger back got one that was almost as rare, almost to the point where it wasn't cooked at all, just thrown on the grill, flipped and slapped on a bun, almost if it was a punishment for sending the food back. Well, jokes on them, she actually prefers burgers that way but tries not to eat them because of health reasons. Other than the food issues regarding the burger temps, the food itself is quite good. The problem is the servers, they just seem nasty and have a bad attitude. Look, I know my friends can get loud and rowdy, but most of us have worked the service industry and try to make life as simple as possible for the waitress and tip really well if we're happy, 35% minimum. Hell, even if you give just the basic service, you still get 18%. Even among the servers, we were debating if 10% would have been too much. I think last night will be the last time we go to Belgians and just head into the city instead and go to Monk's, where we were at least greeted warmly, received drinks in a timely fashion and received what we ordered.
