I was searching for a casual, up beat, fun, exciting, dark-lit, energized restaurant - and I got it in El Vez. I checked in with the host with my date twenty minutes prior to our reservation time and they said our table would be ready closer to the reservation time. We got a drink at Woody's down the street while we waited and then they texted us that our table was ready. Talk about efficient use of technology! That was great. The hosts were agreeable and efficient and calm and our table was perfect. Meant for four but two plates were taken away so it was perfect for just us two. Our server was a handsome young man with a sweet smile and he had perfect table timing, dining etiquette and personal skills. I ordered the things he recommended and was not disappointed. Blood Orange Marguerita: HUGE! Definitely worth the price (forget what it was, maybe 9 bucks?) Took me a while to finish it and it was strong so that was awesome. Hibiscus Enchiladas: Delicious, SUPER SPICY, like, so spicy I had to take a sip of my drink after each bite. But - super good despite the heat. Mango guacamole: Delicous!! About a cereal bowl's worth sat on a banana leaf in a carved out volcanic stone which was cool (how do they clean those things though..?) and it was a bunch of great tastes in one mix that was mixed well and not too tangy or spicy or limey or chunky. Just great. Definitely ordering another type next time though to check more of the guac's out (they have a bunch of types!) (Hand/housemade?) Churros with chocolate dipping sauce: Crunchy, not too cooked/undercooked, just perfect, we got four of them, all were delicious, chocolate sauce could have been thicker but that's just preference in my dipping sauces. It was perfect, besides that! Overall meal was about 60 something bucks, not TOO too bad for a night out in Philly with a date. That was not including tip. We will be back! Great atmosphere, loud, funky, great lighting, bathrooms are tucked away downstairs and there's a communal sink for both bathrooms. Would go with a girl friend if you're alone though. Didn't have cell service and it's kinda dark. Decor is awesome, lots to look at if you're just curious what's around you. The demi-circle booths across from us looked super comfy and would be great for a group. Thanks El Vez! You earned a repeat customer :)
