I can kind of see why this place is named Cafeteria...You have to queue in line for a bit (albeit without a tray), the lunch ladies/wait staff don't want to be there and spend more time gossiping with each other than listening to you, and you get served meals such as mac and cheese and burgers. Except this Cafeteria is in Chelsea, so it is going to be hipper- than thou and boast  a pretty nifty cocktail menu. However, the food here is so good that I visited here twice when staying in New York recently. The first time was for dinner, and we arrived around 8.30 and were told we had a 30 minute wait, however after 10 minutes we were seated which was a perk! Our server lacked personality, but he didn't mess up our order so I can't complain. Being vegetarian, there aren't a lot of veggie options on the menu, and I would love to see more veggie alternatives to the meals! Scrumptious hot scones with butter were sent to our table which was a nice touch, and we shared a starter of the mozzarella bruschetta. IT WAS INCREDIBLE! ohhhhmydays. The mozzarella was incredible and it was just a really simple but perfect dish. Fab. I ordered the veggie burger, which wasn't great. It's pretty much Carbicide on a plate -Wholegrain bun, with a huge lentil/carby patty, served with fries. It was too dense and lacked distinctive flavours. I ended up leaving half the burger, so I could have dessert, honestly my favourite course. I opted for the deep fried oreos as I had read so much about them, and let's be honest, anything deep fried is good. The oreos themselves were perfect. Just get them and don't think about your arteries. The espresso ice cream and coffee shot doesn't compliment the dish, and I wish they offered an alternative: perhaps vanilla for a cookies and cream theme? At night, the restaurant is buzzing and the atmosphere is great, however the staff seem more intent on socialising than serving. If they spent less time gossiping with each other, and more time liaising about orders perhaps they would have remembered to include the $40 worth of drinks that we bought in the bill. We returned for lunch, and had a 35 minute wait, which was a bit frustrating as we saw open tables that weren't being utilised. No scones this time (boooo) and our server was very very "excitable". Very charismatic and chatty, which is great, until your food comes out and he's forgotten to include one of the diner's meals. Instead of taking away all our food so our friend isn't sitting there, sans plat, we're just told to wait and the food will be there soon. 15 minutes later, we've finished and my friend's food hasn't come out yet. NOT COOL CAFETERIA, NOT COOL. I had the truffle mac n cheese and it wasn't great. I know mac n cheese is hardly "healthy" but this thing was STEEPED in truffle oil, rather than being flavoured with real truffle. Ewwww. When my friend's food FINALLY arrived, I tried her original mac n cheese and it was miles better than the truffle flop. For dessert we opted for the red velvet cake in a jar and the white chocolate/raspberry bread and butter pudding. Cake was not good. Stale, bland and artificial tasting, whereas the pudding was really really good. There was no "gesture of good will" when we received the cheque to make up for the botched up order which peeved me greatly, and our server had soon shut up and was less cheery after he screwed up the order. I would go back to Cafeteria, but only for dinner or perhaps brunch as the menu looked very good. The food is good, slightly overpriced, but eh, this is New York. Just a shame that the servers spend more time flirting with each other rather than doing their job. Oh and if you want some amusement, look at the servers shoes and count how many identical pairs of vans/converse you see. Bizarre.
