The recently re-branded Onyx (sans Cafe now) is attempting to be a neighborhood sports bar. The trouble is that even the bartender on their 'grand opening' night admitted that the owner isn't so gung-ho on his own idea. Still, this is a step in the right direction, but a lot of work is needed. First, it's been only a weekend since that grand opening, and already they're closed on the weekdays, just like the old Onyx Cafe. It is in a lousy location at the end of Nassau Avenue, where there's industrial businesses and three more blocks of residents who might be interested in stopping in for a quick drink, and this will always be their problem, because they don't put forth the effort to being a destination that it very much wants to be. Prior to this new veneer, the only times they ever had some kind of special going as "Hot Catholic Girl Night" when the waitresses were dressed in school girl outfits, or "Beer Drinking Contest," wherein the winner received a 'Grey Goose Bottle.' No word on whether there was any Grey Goose IN the bottle, but it still sounded like a fun experiment. Now, the only way Onyx could possibly compete with their new 'sports bar' image is if they either add frivolous fun like Trivia and Karaoke nights -- ideas that are a dime a dozen at any bar, but if done right, make or break bars from the norm. Likewise, the old Onyx was fashioned as part Euro-Trash Dance Club, part Beer Garden (the yard was always nice, despite the lack of a varied beer menu). If it wants to succeed in their new image, they're going to need more of an appropriate design than just cheap Wal-Mart Jets and Giants posters hung up above bench-style wood seats. It was almost heart-breaking in how half-assed it was. But the reality is that it's grand opening special was about the best thing it had going for it. One of the things they could do to become a real destination is keep $3 beer and $5 drinks a regular feature. As far as I know, the only place where you could find such a deal (when it's not Happy Hour) is on Staten Island -- and there are people willing to take the free ferry ride to get that deal, believe me. All in all, a move toward the more general bar is a better move in general, but there needs to be some commitment to consistency if they expect more business.
