I will start by saying that this is the first review I have ever posted of anything, anywhere.  I usually don't get that upset about any experience I have, but the way my family and I were treated in Pietro's yesterday was so upsetting, I felt like I had to share it. We went in for an early dinner with our two sons (ages 1 and 4).  I had actually even read online that this was a family restaurant and good for kids...boy was I wrong.  The restaurant was by NO means crowded, nor was it quiet, the noise level was quite significant actually which I was happy about with a 1 year old. I am always aware of things like that when dining with the kids. We sat down and our waitress was fine, took our order, we were waiting for our food.  My 4 year old had to go to the bathroom, so my husband took him.  I was sitting at the table with my 1 year old, I gave him a small plastic car to play with.  He banged the car on the table once or twice, not continuously, and maybe for about 1 minute.  I have to say we are very conscientious parents and always concerned with and aware of our childrens' behavior and noise level.  That said, the kid is ONE, and the title of the restaurant has the word FAMILY in it, I thought we might be ok if he banged his car on the table once or twice rather than having him flip out and cry... Within two minutes another waiter came over to drop off bread, moving very slowly and looking at my son like he was the devil.  He walked away and returned a minute later in the most condescending way and said, 'is there any way this could....stop?'  I was so taken aback I said, 'yes'. He then came back again and asked if we want a plastic cup, not sure what that was about, if he thought we were going to spill something or weren't worthy of a real glass, I have no idea. So my husband came out of the bathroom and I let him know what happened, he called the waiter over and asked if there was a problem with us being there, the waiter stumbled a bit and back pedaled, then said his manager asked him to say it, so we requested to talk with the manager. Thinking the manager would come up very apologetic and to let us know we were welcome in his restaurant, he did nothing of the sort.  He also tried to say another couple complained about the noise, there was no one else even seated near us, and the noise my son was making was in no way that disturbing above the existing noise level in the restuarant. Once we saw the manager's reaction, we knew there was no way we could stay there and feel welcome.  We went up the street to a neighborhood pizza place called Joes Pizza and had the best experience ever.  Just goes to show you it has nothing to do really with the food or the establishment, and everything to do with the customer service and the way you are treated.   I will never set foot in Pietro's again.
