DISCLAIMER: Ok...those PaintNite people with the bad reviews are the ones we loathe to be around since they are the bullies from school who never grew up. "little Miss Fucking Sunshine"? Well, her name says it all...no class, and a bad attitude to boot. In Glasgow we'd call her, as well as her disparaging company, NED's. MY CRED: As an artist by trade and having lived in Scotland (it's not Ireland, but my mates say it's a tom-ato toma-to thing), lets just say I'm a bit pretentious when it comes to picking out a pub to eat at. When Yelp led us to our new favorite NYC watering hole I was not disappointed! The atmosphere, smell of guinness, well executed menu, and above all truly hospitable service was more than we could ask for! FOOD: If I wasn't there to drink, I'd definitely come back and order the fish & chips again, as well as the fried mushrooms....the aioli for the shrooms was fantastic!!!! OUR STORY: After dragging the family around town for the day we set course for dinner and Irish Car Bombs, and Woodrow's delivered on every level! It wasn't just the fantastic service we received in finding a table for our obtuse group of 6 in a pub full of PaintNite event goers (even after we became "those" people who can't make a freakin decision on drinks), it was truly the genuine interactions we had with the staff. Our wonderful server, Gina, and the manager Mr. Small Cox ;-) made our group feel like we had found a new lifelong destination watering hole...that alone made me wish Woodrow's was in my neck of the woods in Knoxville, TN. I must say though, the fact that I had to wait for the restroom in the same room that the PaintNite event was being held, I caught a whiff of some unwarranted attitude emanating from a few of the PaintNite patrons...when I returned to from the RR I realized it wasn't my imagination. There were a few PaintNite people badgering our server, and despite her and the senior staff's efforts to appease their grievances they CHOSE to remain insolent and certainly embarrassed themselves to more people than they realized. I feel sorry for them...not the PaintNite folks, but the staff, no one should be demeaned and after having worked a service job before, I applaud their resolve in dealing with the tools in the back. CHEERS WOODROW'S!!!    I'LL BE BACK FOR SURE!
