Live long enough and you're still bound to be surprised from time to time.  Earlier this week I took a different route home, on account it wasn't 15 degrees for once, and came upon one of the most eye catching little places I've ever experienced. Warning -- try to avoid making plans for after your visit to Donostia.   I wandered into this pace at around 3pm on a Wednesday and ended up staying to almost 10pm.  Mind you I was not camping, but rather couldn't pry myself away from my bar stool as I ordered item after delicious item from their huge menu.   Mostly all i ordered were pintxos and were about 2 to 3 bites in size.  These things are my new crack rock.  Started with a tortilla pintxo with morcilla - classic combo. Then i went for the Bonito, Pulpo, and white asparagus in one round -- they were all placed together on a slate board and the arrangement was one of the more artistic things I've seen at a restaurant in some time -- Beautiful and tastes were truly authentic. I've been to Spain twice and only there have I experienced a place like this.  But I must say, that only goes for the food, because the wine options at this place are much more vast compared to anything I was offered or drank in Span at my favorite neighborhood haunts.  The bartender recommended a vermouth cocktail when I first arrived and after two subsequent rounds of it I decided it would become my new Spring drink of choice.  It was comprised of a really tasty red Spanish Vermouth they have on tap and just took some fresh orange rind and a shot of seltzer from their own siphon (the amount of detail put into this place/menu/service is astonishing).  It tasted like the most delicious and adult "cola" one could ever have.   From there I moved into a beer -- had a "cana" (small size popular in Spain) of a beer I'd never heard of before which the bartender also recommended called Sagra.  It was full of body and fresh fruit notes and was impressive -- shocked when I learned that it was Spanish as well.  Later I had a Txakoli they had on tap -- super cool and served in a real txakoli glass no less which I've only ever seen in Spain.  Settled into a big red wine which my palette was more than ready for called "aroa" (not sure if that's spelled right, but bartender will know) -- big and delicious! Finished with what else but a sherry -- they must have had over 20 offerings by the glass of sherries alone.  - bartender poured me a "palo cortado" and I'm still tasting it now days after drinking it given the depth of the finish. I'm heading back tomorrow with a group of my friends who are food fanatics to show off my little discovery.  As if this place didn't have enough going for it, it even has a cool private table in the back surrounded by wines.  I saw a party of six sit there during the course of my marathon meal and really got the urge to phone 5 friends and take the table asap. Again, truly surprised with authenticity and food/wine arsenal this place boasts -- especially given its size.  Most impressed I've been with a new spot since I can recall.  Back for my "crack sprinkled" pintxos shortly.
