After visiting Han Dynasty once before with friends who dine there frequently, I was excited to share this restaurant with an out of town visitor this Saturday. During my previous visit (with a party of 10), the owner personally took our order, and we enjoyed a surreal amount of awesome, spicy food for very little money. Not so this weekend. I arrived at the restaurant with a party of 4 around 8:30 without reservations and was told to expect a 30 minute wait. No big deal. After an hour had passed, I walked inside to check with the host who was nowhere to be found (I think he was also waiting tables, which meant he was frequently absent from the front of the house). 5 minutes elapsed before the host re-appeared. I told him my name, and politely asked where we stood on the wait list. He assured me (EXPLICITLY) that my table was the next to be seated. After another 5-10 minutes, I noticed a table being cleared, but another party was instead being seated. I flagged down the host to ask him why the table was not ours and, rather than offering a reasonable explanation, he accused me of lying, claiming that he never told me my table was next up. I completely understand that wait times are often longer than anticipated, but lying to customers (and then also accusing them of lying) is not good customer service. I know what he said, but even in the remote, far-off chance I misheard him, THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT. After finally being seated at a gigantic table in the basement (for 10 people, not 4), our party nonetheless got ready to eat and enjoy some HOT food. We are spice fanatics. However, 3/6 dishes we ordered were unbearably hot. The chili dumplings were delicious, as were the dan dan noodles and pepper shrimp. However, we also ordered chicken and fish dishes that went untouched.   We asked for hot tea three times but never received it. At one point, with my mouth on fire, I had to get up, seek out an abandoned pitcher of water, and re-fill the table's water glasses myself. All in all, one of the most frustrating dining experiences I've had in recent memory. In fact, I joined Yelp today just to write about it. Two stars because of my previous positive experience at HD. Otherwise it would have been 1. Bad customer service makes even good food taste terrible.
