My boyfriend, friend, and I went to the Belmont Tavern for the first time. We went there because in North Jersey, they are most known for their Chicken Savoy. I never heard anything else about the restaurant itself or the rest of the food on the menu. When I walked in the door, it smelled like a musty basement. It looked like it wasn't updated nor cleaned since the 70s. While we waited for my friend to arrive, we sat at the bar and ordered a bottle of wine. As we sat at the bar, the host, an old man with big glasses, kept badgering us, asking when our friend was going to arrive so that he could seat us. Once our friend arrived, we sat down and ordered food. The server, a blonde woman who looked like in her mid-thirties, asked for our order. When we took the least amount of time to decide, the server, left mid-order back into the kitchen. After waiting at my table, while swatting flies from the bread and wine, she came back and took our order. The food came out relatively quick and tasted great. We finished, the staff cleared our table, and the server asked us if we needed anything else. When we took, literally, 10 seconds to determine if we wanted anything else, she left our table, AGAIN, mid order, back into the kitchen. Then 10 minutes later, she came back with the check when we actually wanted to order more wine. After chatting at our table for 10 minutes, the woman comes to our table and said, "are you going to pay, because we are closed now." We exchanged looks, astonished that ANY person who has ever worked in food service, including myself, would ever make that kind of request to a paying and tipping customer. We packed up our things and left. In conclusion, this is what is my summary assessment: 1. The place is dirty, musty, full of flies and dust. 2. Has a very uninviting atmosphere. 3. Outdated decor. 4. TERRIBLE service. 5. Sub par menu. 6. OK food. Certainly some things I could have made in my own kitchen, with no culinary training. The only positive thing about this experience was the food. At least someone there is doing their job. Kudos to the chef for making a great meal. Shame on the owners for allowing their servers to treat customers like garbage and not caring about the other elements that can make for a great dining experience.
