We live a few blocks from this lovely place and have been frequenting it often.  We started with brunches and then had several dinners, we have now sampled most of the menu.  At first we noticed a few customer service issues, they play top 40 radio in the kitchen and the restaurant, creating an annoying soundtrack to eat french food to . This was easy to overlook, until tonight. They seem to take reservations but cannot manage them... we have run into this before and the problem is very annoying. We made reservations for an early Sat evening - 6:30 and we arrived to an empty space with exception of two other tables. We were sat in between the two other only occupied tables and in the runway to the kitchen and bathrooms. We politely brought this up and asked if we could move to the many other desirable open tables for two open. The reason given had something to do with "every table is reserved". The evening went downhill from there when we received our entrees and we were served a $27 plate of FOUR overcooked shrimp, and some cole slaw on the side. The total meal was over $90 for a plate of grilled seitan, four shrimp, and a salad. We were finished our meal of disappointment and the restaurant was still vacant.... open tables everywhere. We brought all of this up with the waiter, whom at this point should know us, and mentioned that we want to support this place..we are neighbors! We calmly explained that we were very disappointed with the food, price, and the fact that we were sat by the bathroom in an otherwise empty-STILL empty dining room. NOTHING- he asked if we wanted to see a comment card and made some excuses about the tables again. I explained that this was unacceptable, they are in a competitive environment and the last thing they need to do is disappoint locals. We were so sad leaving, we barely got a goodbye from the waiter and the host ignored us. What a terrible experience. I have been a hostess and server for many Philly restaurants and they are in some serious trouble with service.
