I've been to Cuban Pete's many times... and never had a good experience. You can ask why did I return to that place again and again... All the times I've been there was by invitation to my friends birthday dinner, friends get-togethers, etc. But now I made a promise that my last bad experience was definitely the last one at Cuban's Pete. The only thing that was good most of the time there are the appetizers. The main course is not good and the customer service.....well... it gives the term "terrible service' a whole new feeling. Their customer service makes it seem that we are not in US - a country proud of our customer service high standards. The staff is rude and non-helpful and the owner is on the borderline of being crazy.. I am not kidding... We had a surprise birthday dinner for my friend there. There were many people in our party. When we came there we were told in a nasty way that  they are not even going to think about setting up or reserving a table for our party until everyone at the restaurant. I understand very well they do not take reservations on weekends. We came there in early afternoon and the restaurant was practically empty. Everyone in our party was there waiting to be seated except the bday person with the spouse.. it was a surprise party. No matter how much we begged, the manager told us in the most nasty way that we should come back when everyone is there and only then they will see if they have a table. So the entire dinner party with the kids had to wait inside while blocking the entrances...  Wouldn't it be much easier to take my credit card (as I offered) and to sit us down (everyone was there except few people)? Well, to make the long story short, the owner shows up and just tells us that they do not want to serve us at all... He tells us to get out. We are not teenagers and were not there to have loud parties. We are all professionals on our 40's with kids. By the way, this is not the first time I received exactly the same terrible and simply unheard of customer service at Cuban Pete's. At 2 other occasions the management of the restaurant were unreasonable and nasty. This was the last straw. We usually dine out at least once a week/ I would never recommend this place to anyone seeking a good dining experience. They trick the customers by charging high $ for sangrias while the customers provide their own liquor... The customer services definitely wins the prize for the worst I've ever seen. With the customer services like that, I am not sure how they could stay in business.
