Casa Mono gets 1 star, only because I can't give it 0 stars.  We were visiting NYC from Boston, and on a friend's suggestion, I made reservations for 6 at Casa Mono a month in advance.  My brother and his friend were going to eat there, too, so I made a reservation for them for 3 people, also.  I got a call from Casa Mono the next week, who stated, "you have two reservations for March 5th.  Which one do you want to cancel?"  She said I could not have two reservations under the same name.  I explained to her that we were not one party.  She said that everything would be find as long as I changed the second reservation to my brother's name and telephone number, and we did not expect to sit next to one another.  Fine.   When we got to the restaurant this past weekend (after schlepping down from the UWS), we were informed that both reservations had been cancelled, even though Open Table had confirmed them the night before, and Casa Mono had never called to tell us the reservations had been cancelled.  The 'hostess' (and I use that term loosely... very loosely) was extremely rude and useless, and kept saying they wouldn't seat us because we were one party (even though we weren't).  When I told her someone from the restaurant had said the reservations were OK back in Feb, she said, "Well, that must have been a different person."  Well, yes, but they still worked for Casa Mono, right?  She said she wouldn't seat us because 1) "the restaurant kitchen would not be able to serve 'all of us at once' and 2)  we "would ruin the atmosphere of the restaurant."  Really?  I would assume that a restaurant would be able to put out food for all the seats it has available, and the last time I looked a handful of 30-40 something doctors, lawyers and businessmen generally do not lead to the demise of a restaurant's atmosphere.   If Casa Mono planned on cancelling our reservations, they should have at least had the decency to tell us ahead of time.  To inconvenience people to that extent is truly appalling "service."   Casa Mono (and sorry, Mr. Batali), you should be ashamed of yourselves!
