I found myself in South Orange in February 2011, and went to try Above.  It was odd to walk through a supermarket to get to the stairs that led to the restaurant, but I suspect that I could have gone through a different entrance to avoid this. The decor is quite nice.  It has a sleek, modern, clean feel, and the place was bustlingly busy.  Despite that, our table for six was ready when we arrived.  The high-end appearance set the stage for what we anticipated would be a top notch dining experience. The food was quite nice.  I had a mushroom bisque, a wedge salad, and the Crispy Pork Shank.  The mushroom bisque was extraordinary, among the best I have ever had.  The balance of meaty mushrooms, creamy mouth feel, and earthy truffles was just sublime.  Others at the table were saddened they didn't order it when they tasted a spoonful.  The salad was good, but the blue cheese dressing had too much mayo for my taste, and the fried onions that I wanted omitted were present and quite numerous.  I just picked off the onions.  The Crispy Pork Shank, however, was a disappointment.  I love shanks of all kinds, and I order them frequently.  I also make them at home so I understand the method to prepare them. I requested the shank with extra crispy skin.  Sadly, it wasn't.  The skin was only moderately crisp, and there was actually a section of it was downright soggy.  Clearly the shank was never rotated because the soggy part was on the bottom.  If the skin had been extra crispy, I would be willing to accept that the outermost layers of the flesh would be a bit tough from crisping the skin.  In this case though, the skin was not so crisp, but the meat was still a bit tough.  Shanks are braised.  It's not a chore to have the meat super tender.  My guess is that the braise time was just a bit short, or perhaps their pan was packed a bit too tightly.  Whatever the case, the shank was only OK, and I have made better ones myself. Admittedly, my negative critiques are for detail related issues that could be overlooked.  However, the one point that cannot be pardoned is the attitude that we got from one of the staff members.  The pitcher from which he poured our water had particulate matter in it.  It may have been bread or breadcrumbs or some lint, but there were definitely some things floating in the water glasses.  Five out of six glasses that were poured for the table had stuff in it.   This should not have been a big deal.  We mentioned it to the staffer when he returned to our table, and it was like we were insulting his mother.  He started examining each glass, denying that there were solids in it.  "I don't see anything. Are you sure?"  Sure enough, agitating the water got the solid bits to start floating again.  Sadly though, his agitating the glass also got one of our party quite wet, cold water down the front of her sweater.  The whole incident was just unnecessary.  It was just water.  How hard is it  to bring out 5 new glasses and fill them up without needing to scrutinize each one?  What? Are we going to send back five glasses of water for fun? Despite the water nonsense and my issues with my plates, Above is still a nice restaurant.  Without the water incident, I would likely give it 4--perhaps 5--stars since my issues were only modest.  As it stands though, the server we had was a dud, and all of us felt it negatively impacted our experience, particularly our friend with the wet sweater.  It was sad that something as simple as new glasses of water had to engender such bad feelings for all of us.
