Friends, my command of French is about as masterful as my understanding of financial derivatives.  After more than 125... ish... give or take... visits to Paris while working as a tour director in Europe, I managed to learn a few words in French.  Oh, yeah, I had two French speaking girlfriends while living in Europe. When I visited Parc for the first time, I couldn't pass up an opportunity to poke a little fun at Sir Star's latest atmospheric culinary adaptation of France's version of the American dining experience otherwise known as the chain restaurant (it's true that the Brasseries found on nearly every corner of Paris are mostly independently owned and operated unlike the chains and the Brasseries purchase most of their products from local producers rather than from some national food distribution center like American chains, well... you get my point.  Nuff said).  Nevertheless, to make a longer story shorter, upon my first visit to Parc, I pretended to pose as someone who speaks French.  I approached the Hostess and said, "Par le vous Francais (I think I wrote that correctly), and the best I got out of her was a confused look until I broke into English. When she finally managed to say something, her response was as woefully upbeat and assertive along the lines of the kind of response one might expect to get from a highschool student staffing aisle number five of the electronics section of Circuit City.  The straw that broke the camels back was her heady, valley-girl like verbal intonation.  "I don't, like, understand what you just said" was topped off by a sort of winey whimperish... "I'm sorry... he.. heee" grin.  To make matters even worse, her appearance was more shabby than chic and less clever than capable, if you will, of holding her own with regard to promoting Star's overall thematic purpose for this latest dining venue. To me, Parc is much more like a trip to Disney's Epcot than it is an authentic Brasserie experience.  No worries, the masses will eat it up.  Hand a red awning outside a shop window and call it a cafe and your in business these days in Philadelphia.  Yet, for Star to earn anything more than two stars from me, the hostess / host needs to atleast be able to pass him / herself off as French. I have a suggestion.  Remember the wacky French hostess from the old Bookbinder's which is now Appleby's?  Uh huh.  Yep, I know... she would be Perrrrrrfect.  Oh, and a few French exchange students here and there working the floor would do wonders.  Such enhancements would bump it up to three stars for me. If Star wants five stars from me, the following needs to happen.  First, I need to be provided with the ability to either purchase or receive access gratis access to one or two French major news publications.  Second, there should be a television screen somewhere broadcasting one of the major French news channels at all times.  Third, the venue should market itself more authentically and aggressively by sponsoring Franco-centric events like French author book signings, for example.  Every employee should be aware of the fact that Champagne is the name of a geographic region of France.  Last, but not least, Parc's needs to have an alcoholic beverage inspired by the Ben Franklin Parkway (this should have been obvious) given that the Parkway is the world's finest replica of the Champs Elysees... DUHHHHHH   Mr. Star!  Moreover, Parc shall remain no more than just another 'Star Bar' given a continued lack of attention toward making some attempt to be more authentic as a venue worthy of parcing one's behind on a chair for a purpose greater than posing.
