The reviews on this restaurant were so conflicting, lots of 1 STAR and 5 STAR reviews, so I gave it a shot. When I went in I was pleasantly surprised, the two complaints I had read were a short menu and poor decor. The place looks nice enough and the menu was extensive enough for my tastes. The food was good but nothing special, typical tavern fare. I went for football Sunday as they had advertised 14 televisions. When the games started up there were only 3-4 games on the 14 televisions. I asked the waitress if they could put one of the TVs on the game I wanted to watch and she said that all the 1 o'clock games were on and that she had DirecTV and thats all there was. There were at minimum THREE other games on not being played, and just repeats of the same games over and over again. Finally after asking again she had the "DJ" turn on the game we had come to watch. Not long after that the "DJ" started playing "music" so loud it shocked my system. I am in my mid 20's and not unfamiliar with loud football sundays at bars or loud music. The reason DJ and music are in quotes is because the "DJ" wasn't playing music, instead he intermittently BLARED static and what sounded like a horn in between the audio from one of the games. When I say it was loud I mean it was like having your head under the hood of a car when the horn goes off. More frustrating than a baby crying in a movie, I asked the waitress to hold part of our order because we wanted to leave. She argued with me and said because it was already placed I couldn't cancel it and get my check and leave. So we stayed for our second order (we arrived before the games some time and ordered appetizers etc). During this time the game we requested was turned OFF the TV. The waitress apologized but made no attempt to fix it and said its "always this loud on football sunday" I told her its not the crowd who is loud, your DJ is playing abrasive static and honking noises for no reason. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS RESTAURANT and am telling everyone I know to avoid it. The waitress pretended to help because she wanted a tip but was snotty and rude. She also lied several times and kept telling us to "suck it up and deal" in other words and wouldn't let us leave and cancel our orders and get the check. After all is said and done the meal was OVER $100 and despite knowing we were upset, after complaining SEVERAL (literally, six times between trying to get the game on, trying to leave, and arguing with her about being able to leave an establishment at any time - food in hand or not) she did not take anything off the bill, didn't apologize, and didn't deserve a tip at all. THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCES I HAVE EVER - EVER HAD , and I eat out a few times a week. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE DJ, HORRIBLE WAIT STAFF, RUDE, and for mediocre food it isn't worth the trouble. I am disgusted with the service I received and wouldn't go back even if the manager gave me a credit to use, it was that terrible
