The crpes at this place were nothing out of the ordinary at first glance. They came out piping hot within 15 minutes of ordering and they were laid out on a simple plate with a little bit of the filling in the center of the crpe. As soon as we cut them open, we found that they were far from ordinary. The filling in each of the tasty dishes that we ordered were full of flavor, character and a slight made-in-mom's kitchen taste. Alex got the chicken fricassee with poached egg and creme fraiche. He seemed to enjoy it very much as you can see. I'll have to give that one a shot next time. See more after the jump. Magda got the ratatouille with roasted eggplant, onion, zucchini, red peppers & tomatoes. Ratatouille comes from the French touiller -- to toss food. That's exactly what Beaumonde had in mind. They had the perfect blend of cooked, tender vegetables and and their own juices reduced and poured back over the vegetables to create a delicious, vegetarian dish. Unfortunately, Magda housed that dish and we didn't even get a shot of it. Coq Au VinI decided on the coq au vin. This had "chicken stewed with red wine, baby onions, mushrooms, carrots, and pancetta," according to the menu. I wasn't sure that I tasted or even noticed the pancetta in this dish but even without it I couldn't have asked for a better blend of vegetables and meat. The chicken practically fell apart with the touch of a fork. The red wine in the dish was a little strong but the buckwheat crpe helped to curb some of the strong wine taste. This meal would have to get 3 cheesesteaks in my book. Finally we ended with a shared fresh seasonal berries dish. It was filled with all the berries of the season -- or so they said. It did have raspberries, blueberries blackberries & strawberries. The dish was supposed to be topped with Chantilly creme but we opted for the creme on the side due to my lactardedness. After the burning in our mouths subsided we devoured the dish in record time. Each fruit and flavor complemented the next until we finished the plate and then I practically licked the powdered sugar off the dish. Unfortunately for you guys, the dish was so good we didn't get a picture until we were done. Maybe next time. This dish got 4 cheesesteaks in my book -- the highest rating I can give!
