When on a business trip to NY from Boston, my boyfriend and I were very excited to try one of the "main judge on Top Chefs restaurant". To my surprise I experienced way more let downs then positives.First things first we were sat at the bar by the door. Trust me that was fine by me but if you have an upscale restaurant and its 18 degrees out, shouldn't you have a curtain over the door so that your gets don't have goosebumps every time the door opens? That was the least of it. I had been starving myself all day because I wanted to wait to indulge in some amazing food so first things first I dipped into the bread. I have never been to a restaurant before where I found the bread so dis tasteful. I mean this roll was just tasted bland and dietetic if that's even possible but i overlooked it, excited for the main course. For dinner I ordered the pasta dish with pesto and risotto. To my demise, it looked like someone had eaten the other half of the meal the portion was so small. Don't get me wrong I am all for portion control and I am a fit 115 lbs but i finished this dish in under 8 bites, parts of it were cold and I went still left starving! Staring over at my boyfriends steak I was super jealous but to my disappointment he let me know that although asking for it medium he received it pretty much rare, flavorless and his portion was TOO big. Still left starving I would've ordered another meal but it was not worth the money. I honestly suggested getting a piece of pizza at the hole in the wall by our hotel would be a better idea. The mean ended with a complementary piece of banana bread. I am not a big fan of banana bread but since i was basically famished i dipped right in. I was really bad. My bf who really banana bread immediately exclaimed ugh this is terrible its tastes like preservatives and processed fake food. Our waitress was really nice and this review has nothing to do with the service. It just was really terrible we go out to dinner all the time in Boston and have amazing meals, rarely ever bad to be honest and the one time a year we travel to NY and get a nice dinner it was a bust, I honestly picked this restaurant because it had almost 5 stars on yelp and that is very rare to see. I am starting to think someone has an inn with the ratings because i just do not see how such a high rating is even possible. Save yourself and go somewhere else, sorry!!
