This is real Chinese food, especially if you stay away from the "foreign devils dishes." I'm not sure, but I believe the chef is the owner. You'll often see him sitting out front when things are quiet, sometimes teaching his kids to read or otherwise being a good family man. When he steps behind the stove, he becomes a wizard. The restaurant isn't much to look at-- the theater next door went bankrupt and looks like it was bombed-out, so you might be unsure if Chengdu 1 is even open any more. We were there last night, and I was nervous the Recession might've killed it, but it endures thank goodness. It's very typical of restaurants in China, including a decidedly casual wait staff. Dishes come out as they're finished, not in any particular order, and the staff hardly changes over time, unheard-of with most American Chinese restaurants. Comments here about the poor service baffle me. I guess I'm used to a casual demeanor from wait staffs in China. Now, about the food. When this place opened up, it was VERY authentic with a large selection of authentic spicy dishes. Over time, they have added the "usual suspects" of lemon or General Tso's chicken, lo mein and hot & sour soup because they're what Americans want, and turning away business is commercial death. The good news is these additions are grouped under the "classic" banner. The menu is crowded with choices, yet If you look around or ask, you'll get a revelation of what the Chinese REALLY eat. The Szechuan/Sichuan specialties on the menu are where the chef's genius shines through. If you can't eat anything spicy, then you probably should go somewhere else; don't ask Picasso to paint-by-numbers. To start with, politely decline the deep-fried noodles and orange "duck sauce" the waitress brings obligatorily to Western diners, and ask for peanuts instead. It will buy you some street cred with the staff. Appetizers aren't something we usually eat a lot of, preferring to save our appetites for the main dishes, but the wontons in hot oil are delicious, if quite spicy. The cold Dan-Dan noodles aren't really noodles as we know them, but strips of rice dough with a decidedly gelatinous texture: not to my particular taste, yet very authentic. Texture is important to the Chinese; my friend, Ken Hom the food writer, told me Jello sells out in Hong Kong. The Chinese base their eating around meat dishes, fish, veggies and soup, with meat decidedly less-frequent and in smaller quantities than the groaning platters served in restaurants here catering to American preferences. So make sure you focus on the vegetables, consider a soup (Chinese diners often have more than one at a banquet), and certainly something seafood. Sichuan may be a land-locked province, but that hasn't prevented the cuisine there from embracing shellfish, dried fish (abalone, for example, a Hong Kong influence), etc. Veggies first: When in season, ask for "Kong Shin Tsai," often called "water spinach" or other names in English. It's a leafy green vegetable with a hollow stem (the name means "empty hearted veggie") that is simply stir-fried in oil and spices. The Chinese brocoli is also very good and is usually in season (not to be confused with Western brocoli dishes). The julienned potatoes and green peppers are wonderful (green as in green chilis, but very mild-tasting). The Sautéed Bean Thread w. Green Vegetable is excellent, and the Ma-Po tofu is meaty, oily and very much traditional home cooking. Tofu doesn't have much flavor on its own, so it picks up the chillis and stir-fried pork tastes. Soups are more-limited, probably because Americans don't usually eat soup (other than the "classic" wonton variety) when dining Chinese. I like the pork & pickled cabbage. In colder months, order one of the caseroles or hot pots. I hesitate to recommend one in particular, since traditionally Chinese chefs work from what's fresh and in-season, but the Dry Panned Beef (or Lamb) w. Chili is good. Don't be fooled by the "dry" qualifier, this is a kind of spicy stew. For the committed carnivors, the pork chops with salt are a guilty pleasure for me (called "Cispy Spareribs w. Salt & Pepper" on the menu). The Szechuan Style Shredded Beef or Pork are very tasty. Kung Pao Chicken  w. Peanuts isn't a revelation, but solid and something most Americans are familiar with. The trick here is to ask what's fresh, ask for guidance, and tell them you don't want Western-style fare (if you can handle the phonetics, tell them you want "dow dee duh Zhong gwo fan" which means "authentic Chinese food").
