This morning was my first time dining at Magnolia and I had high expectations after reading some other reviews and the menu. I am a local and have dined at most of the Burlington area restaurants. My hope was to add to the short list of breakfast establishments in the ares that I consider consistently good. Upon arrival I was greeted and immediately seated. The table was clean and the dining area was open so as not to feel crowded by other diners. I was quickly met by my waitperson, offered coffee and given a menu. I wanted to try a few different items so I ordered a glass of orange juice, zucchini bread, side of sausage and thee Magnolia eggs Benedict with pulled pork and avocado. The OJ was great and so was the zucchini bread. The juice was clod, the bread was warm and both were fresh and tasty. I was, however, unimpressed with the main entrée. Overall the dish lacked much flavor. The hollandaise was bland tasting neither of lemon or cayenne. The same could be said for the pulled pork and sourdough bread was hard and difficult to cut into. The other issue I had with the entree was that is was barely warm when I received it. I understand that Eggs Benedict is not a "hot" dish but the tomato and spinach could have been grilled and placed on top of some warm pulled pork to retain some heat. The shoestring potatoes don't hold their heat well either. A suggestion here would be to serve the meal on a warm plate. My plate was cold. I thought the maple sausage was tasteless and chewy which is a big disappointment considering Vermont has so many fantastic offerings for locally made sausage. The other area I felt that could use some improvement was the staff. While they were friendly and mostly college age, their appearance needs some work. Many appeared as though they just rolled out of bed, threw on whatever was most convenient and ran to work on a Saturday morning. Some had shorts on, some had sweatpants. I am not that picky but having a restaurant background I feel that appearance of the staff says a lot about an establishment. Uniforms not necessary but some type of dress code really would go a long way in creating a good impression. The last inconsistency was that my waitperson dropped my check on my table before I was even a third of the way into my meal. It wasn't necessary and made me feel rushed even though the restaurant wasn't even half full. Overall it was a mediocre experience that cost me $35 and I was hoping to find a new gem in town. Magnolia has a lot of potential but in my opinion has some areas of improvement to work on if they are going to contender in the downtown breakfast scene.
