In 2012, I expect customer service to be top notch especially with so much pressure to keep business afloat.  I was wrong. With just a few days before Halloween, most people were celebrating by either going to a party, movie theater, or a restaurant.  My colleagues and I had reserved a restaurant at Woodrow's NYC restaurant; and lets just say the experience was like getting your teeth pulled. With the advanced knowledge of  knowing the size of the party, it would have been wise to have extra hand on board.  That was not the case.  For what I could see in the dark, dark place, which was not much; there was one staff manning the bar and our table. He was distracted the whole time between running to fill glasses and serving our food. Our table was not  too far from the bar but the entire time we had a hard time getting service. Which shouldn't have been an issue because we we're early customers; meaning, there was barely any customers there. He didn't even turn on the lights when a colleague asked twice for a little bit more light because she was straining her eyes. And make sure if you appear younger than you are, you must carry ID, even if you order water. You might be lucky enough to be asked privately for ID but if not, be prepared to be approached at your table  and be demanded to see proof that  you are not underage. Humiliating.  On top of the poor service and bad manners, the weirdest thing was the menu, There were these platters that had confusing descriptions of what came with what. Don't even think of asking for a clarification because then you might get a respond like this, "what you see on the menu is what you get". Truly deserves a trophy.  What's worst is that I ordered a simple vegetable slider, while everyone else ordered burgers and fries, and I was the last one to be served. My vegetable "slider" was just grilled  veggies stuck between buns. I don't know about anyone else but I would have loved something with more sustenance, like a veggie burger between buns.  Disappointing.  As more people entered the restaurant, we were ready to leave. It took a good 30 minutes or more to get our bill. Everyone was as irritated as I was by then, and   was ready to leave.  In conclusion I would not recommend this restaurant  for a quality experience.
