I rarely rant.  But well ... Two years ago, we put Char Steakhouse in Raritan on a six month ban following really terrible service.   When the six months was over, we added another six months because it was that bad and we weren't yet ready to return.  The worst service I've ever received.   That is, until this weekend. I've been frequenting Jose Tejas in Woodbridge for 20+ years. This weekend, with a party of 10, we waited over 2.5 hours for a table. After an hour and a half, a group of trash from across the bridge walked in and started literally harassing another friendly group of people who were waiting for a table at the bar, saying that they were blocking them from getting drinks.  Mind you, the place was so crowded you could hardly move at all.  It got very heated and the trash were cursing, slurring sloppy drunken words, acting inappropriately, and making everyone very uncomfortable.  It honestly looked like a Real Housewives convention, something you'd think they'd scripted for TV.   Freshly-manicured 4" pink nails pointed directly in people's faces, post-plastic-catfish-esque grins, overly exaggerated points of view, with nasally voices diligently expressing their discontent. They were making a huge scene amongst an especially crowded FAMILY restaurant. Tim turned to me at one point and said, "wow, I thought you only see this shit on TV".   When the manager came over to mediate, instead of 'taking the trash out' like he should have, he sat them immediately - and ahead of the rest of us - including the group they were harassing, who had also been waiting over two hours at this point.  The trash, probably 30 minutes, if that. When I finally confronted the manager, he explained that there were two tables of ten who had already paid and were lingering.  I suggested as a a courtesy to the rest of their loyal patrons, that he kindly let the people know that if they were done paying, others had been waiting over two hours for a table and I was certain they would respect and understand that. But the manager did no such thing. He said he, "couldn't do that".  Now 2.5 hours with no audible buzzer, we are starving and drunk.   We make them seat us in the self serve section, rigging two tables in that weird penis/scrotum- shape when you attempt to join one rectangular and one round table together.   20 minutes later, we are sitting.  No drinks, no chips, no salsa, no place settings; staring out the window, watching our favorite 'trash clan' still at it but with now stuffed bellies.  Still screaming outside of the restaurant to people inside the restaurant, arms in full flailing windmills, cursing, wasted drunk trash.  "An asshole in his bathrobe, emptying a chemical toilet into my sewer". (CC) Hey, at least they were full!  That's what was important, right? The moral?  If you are ever waiting longer than 30 minutes at Jose Tejas, just start acting like complete trash, picking fights with other patrons - and don't worry, some douche manager will seat you ahead of everyone else!   I'm glad that worked out for everyone.  You definitely made the right call.  Get it together, bud.  Or maybe find another career that you are perhaps able to handle.  Sorry, you haven't mastered the art of running a restaurant.  Maybe drive off a cliff?  And please take the trash with you! Jose Tejas you are on an official 6 month ban, maybe more.
