Mediocre.  It's no Roomba.  My son had the skirt steak with a salty-ish fried rice side (i don't remember it's exact description, but that's how it tasted).  The steak wasn't a great piece of meat, although he said it was nicely flavored.  The whole plate was rather brown and drab.  I had a beautifully presented crispy whole sea bass with a salad that was overdressed, the goat cheese hidden in the soggy mess.  I also had the ceviche special appetizer which was bizarre.  Served in a dessert type glass - I thought it was a dessert and that I must have ordered the wrong special, it was a soupy piece of work.  Pieces of soft yellowfin ceviche (I dare anyone to find the curing in that fish, citrus or otherwise) floating in what seemed to be a coconut cream sauce -- way too sweet, too much coconut milk, blech.  I ate it cause I was hungry and stunned.  There was a single plantain chip in the ceviche.  I could have used a whole bowl of chips to scoop up the soupy appetizer.   My husband opted for a series of appetizers - he didn't complain, but then again he usually doesn't.  The calamari salad description seemed more thai influenced than the salad itself presented.  My parents had the lobster carrot bique - low on lobster, high on corn and other textured bits.  Very pretty color, and indeed tasty, but not exactly lobster flavored or attended.  Nice large piece of yellowfin tuna in my mom's entree, seated on a red quinoa cake that was tasty.  The tuna was nice, but not excellently or uniquely seasoned.  Pretty ordinary.  Not sure what my dad had.  It was seafood, some shrimp, in what looked like a potato crisp basket.  He ate it silently. The bread was nice, along with the sundried tomato dip it came with.  My husband got a bit of an odd look when asking for butter (he can't eat tomatoes) and the waiter gave us (dare I say a dirty look!?) when he asked for more bread.  Oh well.  The dulce de leche cheesecake was very good at dessert, the coffee was delicious, but the chipotle brownie tasted spiced only with a pinch of cinnamon (if that) although it's possible they gave it half a teaspoon of a stale chipotle chili powder as well. Didn't get any kick from the brownie, or any flavor.  Odd consistency as well. Lovely decor, very friendly hostess, attentive wait staff, too bad it was so blah and overpriced.  I felt bad that my dad picked up the tab for the 6 of us.  Can't imagine what it was.  Too much for sure.
