What happened to this place? Seriously??!! I used to love going to the Rib House. It was this great "in town dive bar". I would always stop in on my way home to grab a beer and sometimes a quick bite to eat. Everyone was always so friendly. Now?? This place took a major turn. I don't know what is going on here; There is no direction. I agree with the other filtered reviewer...Are you guys trying to turn this into an Italian restaurant? If so, just close! There are enough of them around. The Rib House was the Rib House...You would go to the Rib House because you wanted a specific type of food. They would have a short list of specials along with their menu and everyone was happy. Now there are so many different things to choose from, it is just too much. And it seems as though the quality has gone down hill. My personal opinion is that there are too many options to focus on the quality of their staple menu choices. Also, everyone there is no so miserable. Our favorite people are no longer working there (and that was the main reason I/we went in).  Supposedly there is this new manager that "wanted to clean house" yet is also in charge of the kitchen? I finally started asking around.. Whoever owns or is running  the Rib House needs to wake up! Everyone is saying the same thing. Were you so desperate that you had to get a manager? Well you "cleaned house" of the wrong people. And do you people even do background checks? You "cleaned house" of good people and hired a manager with a criminal background? This used to be a favorite place of mine, but now it is just a very uncomfortable place to be with no direction. Sorry. -- I find it amusing that the Rib House is doing all these promotional offerings. I saw something about winning a gift card if you came in for dinner on a Saturday night? --NEWS FLASH PEOPLE!! You are so desperate for business on a Saturday night that you have to bribe people with a promotion? Think about why people aren't coming in. Because of all the changes. Like I said before, everyone is saying the same thing and now that their favorite people are gone they will not be back.
