I was a little concerned about checking out Brooklyn Crab after reading the reviews about the hit & miss wait service. I'm a stickler for service - I'll tolerate a lot if the service is good. So, I'm happy to say the service on Saturday 8/24 was great - together with the absolutely perfect weather. We sat on the top deck / 3rd floor and enjoyed the breeze, very low humidity and really wonderful view. We got there about 1:30 'ish or so.... The draft beer choices are very decent but the bottle beer choices are very "meh". I don't get the Bud or MIller thing - not since I was a teenager and needed to buy something cheap to get drunk fast. A Dos Equis Amber would accompany the seafood perfectly or how 'bout a Kirin Ichiban? The food on the other hand is SPOT ON! The Fried Oysters with Bacon Tomato Aioli were delicious. I could have smeared that aioli on some bread and just eaten it like that! The Fried Calamari were crispy and tasty. The Mahi Mahi with Mango Jalapeno Salsa was perfectly done, fresh and just the right amount of zing. The Catfish Po'Boy was very good - very generous portion of catfish on the sandwich - served with some crunchy kettle chips. The Key Lime Tart was SOOOO good. Creamy, Limey, Buttery. Perfect. Our Server Julia was great. I hope we always have the pleasure of being waited on by her. The rest of the table staff were great as well - cleaning & clearing quickly (but not like you felt you were being rushed - just keeping things neat & tidy). The young lady who greeted us at the door was also very pleasant. So.......for 6 Draft beers, two appetizers and two entrees and one dessert - $105.00 not including tip. Which frankly - in my opinion -  for a seafood restaurant - is pretty good. And we walked out of there very satisfied. I think what throws some people is the extremely casual atmosphere - so an inexperienced diner may get caught out there by the not so casual pricing.   We'll go back again for sure - especially as the weather gets cooler. The days of shopping at Fairway all by my lonesome are gone....now my husband will feel compelled to come with me - even if it's just to grab a beer at the bar before we head home to unpack the groceries!
