Food bad, service worse!!!! I went here on a Sunday night with a group of 4.  The first thing I was greeted with upon entering was a foul and horrible odor.  It was a cross of stale beer and garbage, made me kinda nauseous, but the group didn't want to go anywhere else.  We made our way to the hostess stand where we were greeted with attitude, which is what I want whenever dining out.  We were told there were 3 parties of 4 ahead of us, but she had no idea how long it would be because as she said she "wasn't paying attention".  It was great since at least 6 parties of 4 were seated ahead of us.  After an hour we finally got our table which was right in front, under a tv we were watching.  The table was bussed, but never cleaned.  When we asked the hostess to have it wiped down she blatantly lied to us.  She snapped at us and told us how she knows it was wiped down.   After looking at the menus everyone decided to try the ribs, as it is their specialty.  Unfortunately, getting someone to take our order was another ordeal.  Three trips to the hostess stand for a server, requesting a manager, and 27 minutes later someone arrived at our table.  Too bad it was the manager who came to say we had been seated for less than 5 minutes ago and they are backed up.  Not sure what it is about the service here?  They dont seem to like treating customers with respect, but prefer to yell at them.  Another few minutes and we finally got our order taken. While waiting for our food there was a group of about 8 people who turned to us and told us they were having the same horrible time as us.  They were berated by their waitress for ordering drink from the bar after she NEVER returned to the table after the first round.  We also watched a family get seated  and then get yelled at and pick themselves up and leave.  Sadly, my group, was stuck. The food finally arrived.  Plates of bland, dried out, overcooked ribs.  They were bad, not even mediocre, just bad.   I will never be going back there, not even for free.  In this economy I don't understand how a restaurant can afford to intentionally lose customers.  Going out of their way to make you feel unwelcome.  I unfortunately cant get back the 3 hours of my life that was wasted at this dump, but hopefully I can prevent other people from making the same mistake as me.
