Milone Wedding June 19, 2014 Hi Steve: I wanted to thank you for doing such an amazing job on our wedding.  We are so happy that you worked with us and are so happy about how beautifully everything turned out. I just went on the knot and I wrote what I hope is an outstanding review for the Bethwood.  If there's anything else you want us to post a review, please just send me the link, I'll be more than happy to do it. We used the Bethwood for both our ceremony and our reception and I am so glad we did. They know what they are doing and they take care of everything. Our Maitre D was Steve R.  He is a great guy to work with and he was always available to work with us.  We met with him at least once or twice a month up until our wedding month, when we probably talked with him every other day.  He was extremely patient and did everything he could to get what we wanted. My bridesmaids and I arrived at The Bethwood at 10AM to get ready.  The Bethwood has several rooms available for the wedding party to get ready in.  We took one of the rooms on the top floor so there wouldn't be any chance of my husband and me seeing each other before the ceremony(we went very traditional).  We had the room to ourselves all day and it was  perfect for getting ready.  We had plenty of room to get hair and makeup done, get dressed, eat(we brought sandwiches) and drank mimosas.  The photographer was also able to get some great images in there because of the stained glass windows. The only way I could get my husband to agree to an outdoor wedding was to find a place where we could have a backup plan for an indoor wedding.  The Bethwood gave us exactly that-they blocked off both the beautiful outdoor garden and the indoor chapel for us. On my wedding day, it rained off and on all day.  About 15 minutes before our wedding was suppose to take place, they strongly encouraged me to move indoors.  When I saw the rain pick up again, I decided they were absolutely right.  I was a little disappointed that we couldn't use the garden ( it is really gorgeous), but I couldn't be happier with how everything turned out. Once everyone was inside the chapel and our flowers were in place and the music was playing, the chapel was better than perfect.  The chapel doesn't look like much when there's no one in there, but once it fills up and the sun comes through the stained glass, it is a wonderful place to get married. After our wedding, the weather cleared up and we moved into the gardens for pictures. We got the best of both worlds with the indoor wedding and outdoor photos.   As for the reception, we chose the Madrid room because the room for the cocktail hour actually overlooks the gardens.  We figured the guests could watch us take pictures if they wanted.  While we didn't get the chance to make it to the cocktail hour (which we actually turned into a cocktail hour and 15), everyone said that there was so much great food that they thought it was the dinner ( which was 4 amazing courses still to come). When we were done with photos, we retired to the prep room from earlier in the day.  It was so nice because they brought up some of the food from the cocktail hour and had a bottle of champagne waiting for us.  My husband and I were able to relax for a few minutes before we joined our guests. Steve coordinated the rest of the night - he told us how to line up, where to go: he showed us how to cut the cake. when to throw the bouquet and garter.  He took care of everything.  We would have been lost without him. So a few things I want to highlight, in case I didn't say them before - The Bethwood is a gorgeous place to get married. Their food is absolutely delicious and there is a lot of it. The people working at The Bethwood know exactly what they are doing.  Our wedding day went smoothly because Steve and his staff are awesome at their jobs. Sincerely. D. Milone
