This is a bar I've actually frequented a few times. Usually the results are fairly good. The drinks can be weak, sometimes strong. The selection is a bit less on the liquor side, but the prices are good and the bartenders have always been very kind. That said, last night was the last time I'll ever go to that bar. This was January 27th, 2014. I was in at about eight thirty or nine and until about nine thirty or ten. I detail the experience below, but in short, our table waitress delivered terrible service, was extremely rude and nasty to us, and then literally chased us out of the bar a block away to harass us. We almost called the police and definitely won't be back. To explain the night, read below. I ordered a round of drinks at the bar and had a nice experiences with a thinner, brunet bartender who was very kind to me. I tipped her heavily. My boyfriend and I then went to sit at a table, where we had an order of fries with our beers. The waitress that served us was in some ways acceptable, but honestly very bad at her job.  Though she checked on our table enough, brought us menus and fries, she was also exceptionally rude, surely, and seemed drunk. The woman was slightly shorter, very stout, had paper flat, bleached blond hair, and an eternally sour expression. At some point, I decided my boyfriend and I needed shots while we had our fries. I went to the bar and ordered two. I paid with cash and again tipped well. As soon as we sat down, SourFaceBleachHair, as I'll now call her, stormed to our table. "What did you do?!" "Umm... we had some shots. I paid cash at the bar." "No! You have to do that through me." At this point, she got so mad at us, that my boyfriend actually ordered two more shots and two more beers just to make her happy and leave us alone. She then stormed back off to the bar, clearly very upset because she felt jipped of the tip that went to the bartender that actually served us. She pulled that bartender aside and scolded her, then sat at the end of the bar and seethed at us. At this point, I should mention that the entire reason we did this is because my boyfriend and I were on a date, and trying to buy each other drinks, without one of us stiffing the other with a huge bill. To that end, I bought a round of drinks and a round of shots at the bar and paid cash or one time card payments. He opened a tab at the table and paid for our appetizers, the second round of drinks, and because SourFaceBleachHair hassled us, yet another round of shots and drinks. We fully intended on tipping both, heavily. I paid for bar drinks, he paid for the table. At some point, we were so angry about our mediocre to poor service and the massive nasty attitude we got from our waitress while we tried to have a nice date, not to mention scolding us about how to order because she wanted the tip, that my boyfriend decided not to tip for the table, but just at the bar. As a full time waiter at a top Stephen Starr restaurant in Philly, I supported this. I work damn hard for every tip I earn. I give absolutely top-notch customer service. I am kind, courteous, hard working, and treat every customer as a friend. I work damn, damn hard for my tips. I earn them. When my coworkers do a terrible job, not caring about the job and generally not working nearly as hard as I do, they don't get tipped. You get tipped for doing your job exceptionally, or at least passably. You don't do a crappy job, deliver terrible service, insult and scold your customers, and then expect for me to pay you the same tip that I work incredibly hard for in my line of work. I am the head waiter at my restaurant. I know her side of the fence. And on that side, she did an unacceptable job. We were kind enough despite her nastyness, paid our bill after an hour and left. As soon as we got outside, SourFaceBleachHair ACTUALLY CHASED US OUTSIDE THE BAR, A BLOCK AWAY, screaming at us for not tipping her. She actually yelled at us outside in the freezing cold, angrily holding a receipt, asking what was so wrong with our service or what she did so wrong "BECAUSE YOU PEOPLE LEFT ME NOTHING!" We tried to quietly walk away while this dumpster fire did the least classy, most unprofessional thing I've ever seen. Neither one of us wanted to confront her and inform her that she gave terrible, rude service and that I am a professional waiter that knows she put no effort into her job and was rude to two customers and rightfully lost her tip, while the woman at the bar got two very decent ones. As we started to walk away from this insane woman harassing us, she got several other guys on the street, possibly from in the bar, not sure, to also start hassling and chasing us, telling everyone (very drunkenly we have to assume at this point) that we were terrible people that stiffed her on the bill. She had several men following us and calling for us while she threw a massive fit, yelling and screaming. How very professional. Now I really know she deserved a tip.
