I've visited the Asian Grill once before and had a descent experience. Unfortunately, my last lunch visit with three co-workers was less than pleasurable. We got there and were greeted and seated. When the waitress came over she seemed to be in a hurry and it was somewhat understandable since it was lunch. She gave us our menus and asked if we wanted something to drink, which we ordered. She came back a few minutes later and began to take our orders. This was the first time eating at the Asian Grill for two of my co-workers and they had a few questions about the food. Nothing that I would think was uncommon was it spicy, etc. The waitress seemed annoyed at the questions, but answered them. We each order one by one and were unable to omit any items since she basically said we had to have them, since it was part of the meal... didn't make sense to us, but we ordered. While one of my co-workers was still reading the menu to see if she wanted to add to her order, the waitress pulled the menu right out of her hands and quickly took our menus and left. Maybe 10 minutes later she brought the first part of our order and then disappeared for about 20 minutes. So far we have been sitting for over 30 minutes and only had appetizers. We did not see the waitress again for about another 25 minutes, when she came to tell us that it was really busy today and that our order would be right out. Over 10 to 15 minutes later our orders came, but were brought by a waiter who came back a few minutes later to ask if everything was ok. At this point we were hungry and said it was fine, we basically had to eat quickly since we were there for lunch for work and were already late getting back to work. The food was good, but slightly warm to cool; which told us that it had been sitting for a while and that is why someone else brought it out instead of our waitress. So... We were late to work by nearly 40 minutes including our drive back to work. While, I think the food at this restaurant is good, the service from this waitress was appalling and unprofessional. If you have plenty of time to kill you can definitely go there, for work lunch, I would strongly discourage it.
