Had a meeting schedule for this afternoon, so I called ahead and placed a $50 order--requested delivery 15 min prior. The guy on the phone confirmed it would be there on time--it wasn't. When I called to say I couldn't wait any longer, the lady on the phone blamed the driver. When the driver finally called me, he was already 15 min late and said he would be even later and that the cook had been slow. I called the main number and asked to speak to the manager. The lady told me he was out. Annoyed, I explained how the driver had called me and how he had blamed the cook. I then canceled my order and asked to have the transaction reversed because I had prepaid with a card. The lady informed me she couldn't reverse my charge and that only the manager could, but that he stepped out and she didn't know when he would return. I went to my meeting late, empty-handed and angry because I had promised my team food for making them work late on a Friday. Before walking in called a competitor (Tony's on Broadway) and requested delivery for 2 hours later when my team would be on break. This time I placed a $60 order since they would likely be even more hungry by then. Once the order was placed, I called my bank and had them stop payment on the original Brooklyn transaction since I wasn't confident--If I can't trust them to deliver on time when it's coordinated in advance, then I can't trust them to cancel my charge. 10 minutes into my meeting, the driver called to say he was at the main gate to my facility. I told him that that was nice but that I was refusing delivery and that he needed to explain to his manager why I was upset. At this point it was roughly 25 after the scheduled delivery time. About 15 minutes after that I got a call from the irritated driver. I don't know what he was thinking, but he called, interrupted my meeting and actually took a bit of a confrontational tone with me. He demanded to know whether I had told the lady over the phone that it was the cook's fault. I could hear the lady, and who I assume was the cook, yelling in the background at each other. I got pretty pissed off about the call, so I said, "No, I just repeated what you told me. Either way, it's not my f-ing problem, so you guys figure it out." I never heard from them again, not even from a manager or owner to apologize. On the upside, not only did Tony's deliver 5 minutes before the scheduled time (during dinner hours no less), but the driver was extremely polite and friendly. I thanked him and gave him a $10 tip. And, I will say that my whole team was EXTREMELY satisfied with the quality of Tony's pan pizza. F these Brooklyn guys, I will be ordering from Tony's from now on for all my monthly team meetings.
