My friends and I went to East West Grille for dinner. We arrived at a few minutes before 6 and the place was not that busy. We waited for at least five minutes before anyone came over. When the server did come over and found out we weren't ready yet, he ran off right away. We weren't offered anything to drink, not even water. Someone else took our drink order a few minutes later. It was probably close to another ten minutes before the server came back to take our order. Another family was sat at the table next to ours during that time. After that everything went fine. Got our food, got some more drinks, etc. We received the bill and paid promptly. At this point it was around 7:30, so we had been there for an hour and a half. Reasonable amount of time for a three top to sit in a restaurant for dinner, especially when service wasn't prompt right off the bat. The family next to us left shortly before we paid. Our server came to see if we were ready to pay. As soon as he had our payment in hand, including his 20% tip, he let us know that our table was needed for a reservation, so could we leave and maybe relocate if we wanted to continue talking. That instantly soured our experience. We weren't even done with our drinks. My friends and I are all servers and we found what he said very unprofessional. Maybe they do things differently at a little mom and pop like East West, but if they were concerned about the reservation they should have held the tables instead of seating them and hoping the people would be out in time. We finished our drinks and only two people from the reservation were there at that time and the server hadn't even acknowledged them. What was the rush for us to get out? Service is part of the dining out experience. He was off to a slow start, but I disregarded that. The rudeness at the end made me want to take back my tip. The food at East West is not worth putting up with that kind of service. The food at Blue Elephant Trail in West Hartford Center is just as good and the service is excellent. I would think that with the financial issues people are facing right now, a business would want to retain as many customers as possible. Not alienate some to cater to others. This was not my first time at East West, but it is my last. I don't go out to eat to be rushed and kicked out.
