Horrible horrible. You all need to read this! But I am going to start off by saying that  I will not take away from the fact that the ambience of the restaurant is amazing and the food is superb. That is not my issue with Cuban Pete's. My issue is with the way the staff handled a problem. I felt that crumbs were on my chair as I was sitting so I was trying to brush them away. As I was talking to my friend I noticed fresh blood all over my fingers. I had multiple cuts and nicks! So it turns out I sat on broken glass on one of the woven chairs in the outdoor seating section! They sat us all the way in the corner next to where they keep their glasses so maybe that's why. I stood up and all the little glass slivers were stuck all over my legs as I tried to brush if off. Finally I got it all off but I still had cuts all over my hand. But my friend and I kindly let one of the servers know (they barely know English) but all he did was dust off the chair and switch it. There were still big broken glass particles on the floor and we were wearing flip flops so we asked to be moved and our server seemed annoyed. Excuse me. I am bleeding because of something you as a staff failed to take care of properly and you are not only unapologetic but you are annoyed at a simply OBVIOUS request/solution? Anyway, we moved tables and I still felt injustice for the way they treated us after I came across a major inconvenience at their restaurant. I decided to inform the manager and showed her my cuts and she had no reaction. She simply said, "I didn't see any glass there." Wait, so you're arguing with me about the fact that there wasn't glass,. when I am your customer and I am TELLING AND showing you my cuts? All the staff crowded around to see whether or not there was glass and they just discussed things quietly among themselves. Not sure what "conclusions" they came to because nothing happened. Nada. No apology, nothing to make up for the fact that I got cut up on one of their chairs. This is terrible management. I should have left and not ate there, but I didn't because I thought maybe they would at least apologize. Nope. But now I'm going to notify the better business bureau and contact the Montclair health dept. I hope they learn their lesson not about just cleaning up the problem, but how to DO CUSTOMER SERVICE. All that was needed was a simple sincere apology for the inconvenience and even that was lacking. I will never come back again no matter how good their food is.
