It's cliche, but true. "First time, long time." I'm a long time Yelp user, but this is my first review, and with good reason. I've been to PYT 3 times now, and all 3 times I have received sub-par service and average food. But it wasn't until tonight when the owner, Tommy Up banned me from his restaurant via Twitter for voicing an opinion, was I finally pushed over the edge to write this review. The adult milkshakes are hit or miss. When they're made correctly, they're definitely delicious, but since they don't always come out correctly, you're taking a gamble every time you order one. My boyfriend and I ordered two adult milkshakes and received one with zero alcohol and one with way more alcohol than it should have had - and were told by the staff that we were wrong when we pointed out the mistake. The burgers are good, and Tommy Up does get very creative with his burger of the week. Having a weekly burger is impressive, and I do hope to see him keep up with that pace and the level of creativity that has been going into them. I haven't tasted them all, but the few that I have tasted so far have been worth the trip out to NoLibs. Unfortunately, no burger is worth a 25 minute wait, especially when I can get an equally good burger pretty much anywhere else in the city in half the time. Every time I've gone to PYT I've waited over 20 minutes for my food. Whether I ordered a burger of the week or a regular menu item, this excessive wait time held true. I'm typically a very positive person and I don't really like knock things, and until tonight, I was very happy to continue going to PYT, despite its few flaws. However, after voicing an opinion of mine on Twitter and being told by Tommy Up that I was banned from his restaurant, I felt that something needed to be said. I was already unsatisfied, but now I'm very much so. Even if you disagree with your customers opinions, it is not in your best interest to treat your customers the way I was treated tonight. Especially not in times where the opinions of your customers can be shared with the entire internet in a matter of minutes. Will my unfortunate situation with this establishment stop people from going there? Probably not, but that's not the point. The point is just to get the word out there. That is what Yelp is for, right?
