Awful. We have been coming to Mediterra for four years now, mainly because it initially seemed like a decent enough place to take our college kid out. Each time we come we have liked it less and less especially after our experience tonight: - the service was, and has always been, horrendous. The staff has been consistently unseasoned and in cultured and such lack of grace was fully demonstrated tonight. We arrives at a relatively quiet point in the evening, with a reservation made quite a while ago. We made a point of showing up on time. Our hostess seated us at a table that was disagreeable to my party. When one of us asked for a different table, given that there were plenty available, the hostess declined, saying "I was told to put you here for a reason." there was clearly no room to argue, so we had a seat. The way our table was situated, each member of our party either had a direct view of the kitchen or was fully exposed to the service as they passed by. The restaurant became busier and, as it did, a member of my party had her chair violently bumped into by waiters and servers no less than five times, with an apology issued only once. At the end of the meal, this member of my party sought out the general manager so as to discuss our poor seating arrangement which, you'll recall, we tried to change immediately upon sight, the general manager turned out to be the same woman, Julie, who seated us initially. Once our complaint was issued, Julie's immediate, incredibly patronizing response was "Well I think all of our seats are lovely." Such condescension at such a mediocre restaurant has me writing this review immediately upon having left the restaurant. I cannot emphasize enough how the service has always been terrible and to be treated history's by the general manager was really the straw on the camel's back. As a fairly seasoned eater in Princeton, I would strongly recommend the Ferry House instead. -the food was just all right, with higher prices tonight. Scallops were overdone and served with a rich sauce consisting of what seemed, and tasted, like pure fat. The lentils served with the scallops were too salty. My companions had a chicken-based pasta, chicken, and a steak. Each dish was underwhelming and too salty for our taste.
