Beco has long been one of my favorite places in New York. After all, as someone who lived in Brasil and tenho saudades todos os dias, there are few places I can go to like Beco (unless I want to spend $60 on a pitcher of caipis or $8 on a can of Skol at Miss Favela LOL). That's why it was so upsetting to recently have an experience there that was unpleasant. The last thing in the world I want is a reason to NOT go to Beco since it's one of the few bars with live music that I love in NYC. But I do have to agree with some of the recent comments about nasty service that have been posted here. And as someone who has been going there for years, my recent bad experience was the first I had. I don't recall the server's name so it isn't fair to try and describe, but our waitress got a lot wrong on our order to begin with (and that's OK, annoying but OK). I thought maybe she was just a little flustered, but it turned out she just didn't care. About halfway through our meal as she was clearing a table behind us she placed a full glass of water face down on a finished plate of food and then as she tried to get by us with it she spilled the entire glass (actually plate!) of water down my back, all over my jacket and sweater. I wasn't going to say a word, but my wife was really upset about it, especially since the waitress didn't even say "sorry," but just kept on moving after doing it. I didn't want to have any experience that would make me NOT want to come back to Beco so I tried as delicately as possible to tell the waitress that she could have at least made some effort to show she was sorry for spilling water (and just a tad of pimenta) all over me, and there was no remorse. In fact, as I stood at the bar trying to reason with her, she just got nasty, and then the bartender (also a woman) came over to defend her and said "What do you want? Us to pay for your dry cleaning?" I said, "No, all I wanted was some acknowledgment that if you spill water all over someone, you say 'I'm sorry.'" Neither of them was willing to give me that, at least, not without attitude. Needless to say, I left without leaving a tip that night. I haven't been back since. Not that I wouldn't go back, but it certainly left a bad impression in my mind about one of my favorite places. Not what I wanted, but that's the facts.
