It was interesting reading  that other people have had problems with the management of this place. We had a problem using a Groupon even though we booked the reservation TELLING THEM that we had a Groupon, and the guy said fine, no problem. Then, we got there and there was a sign saying that they were no longer accepting Groupons because of "some problem" (hard to figure out what) and they guy told us that this had been going on for some time. This was interesting considering that we had made the reservation two days prior and there didn't seem to be a problem at that time. So then he tells us that this is between me and Groupon and and Groupon is supposedly going to send me an email... yeah, right. Anyway, we decided that this was nothing but jive and we basically stood there in the lobby, talking not so quietly, until he finally offered us 10% off on the meal if we would be seated. Not enough to make us feel better, but we weren't into a prolonged discussion. The thing that really ticks me off is that they took the reservation knowing full well that we had a Groupon, and they even wrote that on their reservation book. Then they never bothered to call? Was there really a problem of did they just decide not to take the coupons after they sold them? Hard to know, but their attitude stinks. So then, we find out that they are out of LAMB. Imagine that, a Greek restaurant out of Lamb on a Saturday night (6:00, not 10:00PM) and out of at least three wines on the wine list. It really felt like he was just making up one thing after another and if we left, it would have been just fine with him.  The thing that seemed to bother him the most was that this conversation was going on in a crowded lobby and everyone was listening.  To be fair, he did not yell at us, but his explanations seemed like total jive and he really didn't seem to want the business.   Well, that's what he's going to get. We'll never go back, and we'll be more than happy to tell our friends what a load of c**p we got there on what was supposed to be a nice night out. Too bad. We actually like the food there, but this guy does NOT deserve our business. Or, yours.
