I know many have already reviewed this Philly high end hot spot, but I just wanted to add my two cents worth.  It consistently shows up on best in Philadelphia lists, and well that it should.  For years now it has been one of restaurant impresario Stephen Starr's many successes.  What is especially noteworthy is this restaurant's consistent quality and service.  We have been there at least a dozen times, and have had our favorites over and over again.  Each time they are better than we remember.  The calamari salad is in a class by itself; first courses are huge and filling.  We like the Pad Thai and the Lobster Fried Rice - both great bargains, with perfectly cooked shrimp in the former, and plenty of Maine lobster in the latter. Outstanding entrees include the salmon and any fresh fish.  Always leave room for dessert; the Chocolate Box is a classic, and the "Dip Sum" donuts will assure your return.  The staff is friendly and attitude-free.  I say this place is one of the best deals in town! Outside of Buddakan being great for NYE, the service is very good. Our waitress was very friendly and took pictures for my girlfriend and I. Pictures turn out well around the big Buddha statue (overall ambiance of the restaurant is nice and not too loud). Food is very good, but portions small and on the pricier side. Appetizers run around $15/ea and are very small. We had the Kobe beef satay, which was only three small pieces of beef with some fried veggies. That was $17. Pork dumplings were $12 and were five small dumplings. Both appetizers were good, but I'd pass and try new dishes if I were to return. For entrees, I had the lamb chops and she had the Yaki Udon noodles. The lamb chops were actually well portioned and done right.. I enjoyed them. The Yaki Udon noodles were good as well, but $19 for noodles even at this type of restaurant felt too high. For dessert, we had the Chocolate Bento Box, which was a great choice. This is a huge dessert, with six different dishes. I really enjoyed our NYE at Buddakan. The price was a bit high for what we got, but was still a bargain compared to other NYE options in the area (prix fixe menus), so I still give it a high 4.5. I rounded down because had it not been NYE, I would have given it a 4.
