I've been to BBP multiple times with my husband and the burgers are good but not amazing.   The last time I went in on a Saturday, April 24th at 1pm with some family who wanted to go and had never been.  After waiting in line for over 25 minutes to order, my Sister-In-Law suggests that I find some seats for us (4 adults and 4 kids) while she placed our order.  We had 8 people with us - it's a lot - so I decided to grab only 5 seats in a corner area as to take over only a limited number of seats (and sit our smallest ones on our laps) and to not disturb other patrons.  After my daughter and I go to sit down, the manager, Kent Beaverson, looks at me and the empty seats and I let him know that it was for my large group.  He then walks away and brings back another customer (party of 2) and sits him down in one and told that customer to use another of the seat that I mentioned I had for my group.  He proceeds to yell at me in front of other customers that I should not sit down until I have placed my order.  I pointed to my sister-in-law who was paying at the register and said that our order is being completed as he was speaking to me.  He dismissed that and proceeded to continue with his appalling behavior and walked away.   Within seconds of him walking away, the rest of our party entered (they were waiting outside until we got seats because of the long line and the crowd inside).  We had our orders changed to go and I left.   My husband (a tall 6'5" Caucasian guy) talked to the manager about the situation.  Not only did the manager admitted that he knew he completely wrong but also he felt he could get away with it (yelling at a petite Asian women w/ child).  Oh there is no next time.  I will never give BBP another penny.  Bobby Flay needs teach his manager some customer service and manners.  Also unless they have a specific policy posted that patrons should not seat themselves or seat before they order, the manager has no right to do this. The burgers are not special.  No one deserves to be treated like that.  If you want a good burger, there's plenty other nice places to go: marathon, white dog, la terrasse, even pod has a really good kobe burger.
