I wanted to flat out say this place sucked, in all honesty it wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. First and foremost they don't have a sign outside .. I walked past it almost twice if I didn't see the sign on the inside out of the corner of my eye i would've never found it. The other thing is the place is really small you get placed to sit and your 3 inches from touching elbows with the group or couple next to you, you feel like your not only eating with who you came with but everyone in close range. The food wasn't bad .... it just wasn't what I thought it'd be considering the hype surrounding it in the reviews and prices. ( I mean seriously, $14 for Mac and cheese?). The ribs hardly any had meat, they fell right off the bone but doesn't count for much considering how dry it was. The brisket which apparently they're known for and what I was looking most forward to was soggy and in my opinion bland. The sausage was my least favorite it had a very weird taste, I tried to pass it off to my girlfriend but she wouldn't take it either. The turkey and pulled pork were the most decent meat they served that night. I got the Mac and cheese and collard greens and it honestly was another disappointment, the Mac and cheese was good I'm usually not into the whole cheese sauce thing but it was good just not good enough for 14 dollars, the collard greens had way too much steam and vinegar, hardly no leaf and very sour. Idk what it is with this place but they either over season or under season the food. On the pulse side the service was really good, the guy serving us was great which did a lot considering we weren't pleased with much else. We wanted to to get a to go box and that's literally what we got... a cardboard box. Not gonna lie I wondered if that was it or were there going to bring containers to put the food into than in the box buuuutttt I was wrong. Collard greens, Mac and cheese and pork alI mixed together by the time I made it home. All and all I concluded I get 10x better dry rub BBQ at a cook out than I'll ever get at brisket town. I feel if they focused less on being trendy and more on the food I'd be more impressed.
