I just want to clear up some incorrect information I read about this restaurant in the following post: "The first thing you have to know about the food is that EVERYTHING is frozen and shipped to the individual restaurants; nothing is actually created on premises. This explains the small and uniform portion sizes. Once I found this out, I lost most of my interest in coming here." I'm a bartender at this restaurant and have been since it opened almost 3 years ago.  I can assure anyone reading that ALL the food is fresh and made in-house.  This is one of the BEST things about PF Chang's and a major selling point when I talk to my guests.  Our freezer is the size of your refrigerator at home, no joke, and it holds ice cream, and frozen strawberry mix for cocktails.  I've spent many a morning watching the prep cooks make huge portions of fresh chicken, shrimp, beef, pork.... that is THEN portioned out, still uncooked and fresh, in order to maintain consistency within our restaurant as well as other PF Chang's.   It's unfortunate that the person who posted received that incorrect info. and decided to stray from visiting our restaurant because it's VERY rare for a chain to do "fresh" the way we do.  There are women hand-making hundreds of dumplings every morning while someone else butchers a huge piece of fresh beef and makes the flavorful and diverse sauces that you enjoy in our dishes.  Get that at fridays, or chilis, or applebees??  I don't think so cuz I've worked at those kinds of places too.... at least part of your meal came out of a freezer and might have even seen the microwave.  Can still be delicious... but not fresh. Anyway, I'll step off my box now.  I'm just very proud to work at PF Chang's and want potential guests to know how we really do things before making their decision to give us a try.  Why do you think we're always busy?  Because we care about your experience and we want you to come back.  At the very least, how many bartenders do you know that would stand up for their "chain restaurant" this much?!  That's gotta say something :)
