Went to Salinas the other night for the first time and it was AMAZING! I heard a lot a lot about it, but many times people make things out to be better then they are... but not this time. All was true to its words. When you enter you don't expect to see what you see, and for that matter smell. I walked in and there were lilys everywhere! and the smell was amazing and fresh. The bar area is cute and warm feeling and just a great vibe. The bartenders are very personable and funny to boot. When you go down the little hallway you then enter a room that is indescribably beautiful. Fresh roses, the lighting, the pictures, everything! Not to mention the bathroom is probably cleaner and nicer then most restaurants dining areas are. And that was just  decor! I started with a drink called La Gitana, it was amazing, very fresh and light and the overall flavor went very well with the starters. To start we had a platter if cured meat and cheese, which was very delicious. Then we had Negros y Crujienles, which was SOOO good, could not get enough, then came.. Codorniz con manzanas, which is the crispy quail wrapped with bacon thats pan seared with appl and mushroom and just a whole lot of goodness! I have had quail before but never to tender and mouth watering, the flavors were mind blowing! Along with the quail we had Panceta con Albaricoques, the Pan seared pork belly with what seemed to be pear .. oh man let me tell you, mouthwatering. And I dont eat pork but I had to try this and it was so savory and delicious, works could not describe. Up next in this food adventure was  Pulpo A la Plancha, and that octopus that sits over roasted fingerling potatoes with green garlic verde sauce on top.. I LOVE octopus so I was SUPER excited for this, and it was just soo fresh and not what most people think octopus would taste like, but it was simply wonderful! Also had the Gambas Al Ajillo... SO GOOOD! i love shrip, and I really enjoy that this shrip came with its head on because thats where you can suck out the BEST flavors. Very mouth watering and good. FINALLY after eating all that, came the Nuestra Paella. Needless to say it was simply amazing. It had plenty of everything so that no one had more or less of something then anyone else.. The flavor was great and with the Paella we had the Patatas Bravas, which complemented the dish as well which I never would have thought. Dessert was really good, the FLAN was so good and I have had good Flan before but not much compared. To conclude.. I would and will be coming back again.. The mix of the amazing decor and the fresh and great tasting food is just a wonderful combination.. and kudos to the awesome service that is hard to find now days... and amazing management who makes sure everything is going well and smooth!
