BUYER BEWARE! This experience starts with an extremely rude phone receptionist followed by a 10 minute hold. After ordering a simple chicken club which was repeated twice we put the phone down and waited. 40 minutes later what arrived was in fact not a chicken club but a fried chicken with melted mozzarella cheese sandwich. After grimacing in disgust at the "Joey's" version of a "chicken club" I decided to give into my hunger after a long days hike, what happened next was unbelievable .. As I bit into this so called "chicken club" my mouth became immediately dry, so dry in fact I had to physically stand up on two feet an walk to the kitchen to pour a  glass of water as the dry crusted bread stuck to my tonsils. Weather or not my tonsils are harmed has yet to be determined. The sandwich tasted like it had be sitting on top of the roof all day melting by sun and heat created by the black tar. So a PAYING customer I went against my morals and decided that the so called "Chicken Club" was just inedible and in fact may cause bodily harm to my esophagus on the way down, therefore I decided to call back Joeys pizza. Unfortunately I wish it stopped there... We kindly reiterated that there may had been some mix up with the sandwiches and  although we repeated the order twice to the phone receptionist there must have been a misinterpretation between the cook and the English terminology of a "Chicken Club" sandwich. Yes I agree most people would say "Hey I think your in the wrong line of work" but even so we disregarded the fact that they could not comprehend the mere makings of a "Club" sandwich - Bread-Chicken-Bacon-Lettuce-Mayo we even left the tomato out to simplify it for Einstein cooking behind the counter. Their answer..... That there was a bite taken, and we would not be reimbursed monetarily or with a new sandwich. Joeys your like school on a saturday, "No Class" - Customer satisfaction appreciation and service are key in your industry..you fall short in all 3 areas. Ill be surprised if this isn't the last 1 star review. Thanks for the dog food though.
