I worked at this place as a bartender for three months until 11/30/14 when I received a phone call from the owner, Ciro telling me that I was fired because "it just wasn't working out." Before applying for work there I had read all the reviews from previous employees, all negative, and thought that I had a pretty good idea of what to expect. I don't always pay attention to comments from disgruntled employees because anger can cause us to say things that may not be true or accurate. Additionally, customers told me that many of the comments were lies. I am not a disgruntled employee and as a matter of fact, I'm relieved that I don't have to go to this place ever again. The comments made about Ciro's behavior are not only accurate, but they are grossly understated. This man is without a doubt one of the most abusive tyrants I have ever had the displeasure to work for. He yells, screams, and cusses at his employees on a consistent basis, and makes snide remarks to customers and offensive jokes at employee's expense. He is a bully and uses intimidating behavior in order to maintain power and control. What is also bothersome is that the customers sit and laugh at this tyrant when he is berating and demeaning the employees. The hostile atmosphere in this place is astounding. I would rather live under a bridge in a cardboard box instead of dealing with his behavior. . If that's not bad enough, he (illegally) takes tip money freely from the bartenders for whatever he's angry about at that moment. If a customer walks out on his check, the bartenders pay. If a customer isn't charged correctly for their food or drink (through no fault of the bartenders) the bartenders have to pay. The latest incident was a leak under the sink and a clogged drain that the bartenders were blamed for. Ciro announced that he was going to pay one of the busboys $75 a week to clean under the bar and that he was taking $5 a day from the bartenders to cover this expense. I'm not a plumber but I'm smart enough to know that pipes corrode over time and drains must be treated on a regular basis in order to prevent clogs. Sometimes owning a business doesn't make you smart or wise, it just makes you a business owner He tells the bartenders that he has professionals watching to make sure no free drinks are being given away. His "professionals" are his buddies who give him information about employees based on whether or not they like them. These "professionals" are the same ones who are getting free drinks from one of the male bartenders who Ciro thinks can do no wrong. I confronted this bartender without Ciro's knowledge after witnessing free drinks being given away. I believe that is part of the reason I was fired. That bartender knew I had information that could cause problems for him and he wanted me gone. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, JOHNNY! I went to work everyday in fear of what he was going to start screaming about. He accused me of having a bad attitude when I stood up for myself against his outbursts. I worked hard but I knew that nothing I did was going to be good enough. If you have any thoughts of seeking employment at this place PLEASE RETHINK YOUR DECISION.  There are no lies written on this site from any previous employees. As for the customers who get a good laugh when he's abusing and berating his employees in front of you, I invite you to send your children there to work.
