Sorry friends but I have to go negative for a minute. If only to get the word out how we were treated. At Atticus last night in new haven which we go to often as Hannah loves Yale new haven area. Today she wanted to eat there. Usually we just go buy books. Anyhow, We get to the counter and Hannah can't even sit still for that. She asked to go read in the book section. I said sure. The cashier says can I help you I tell her what we order which by the way is a grilled cheese, banana, soup and salad (with no meat) and it cost me $25. Which I don't care about except it needs to be said bc it was a crappy meal - the banana was the best part. Anyway she says in the middle of me speaking here or to go. I said here. She says then you have to go sit down I said ok well can I just put this order in bc my daughter is over by the books and then we will come sit down. No. Ok. Well then it's to go. After I pay and tip the cashier she said she will call my name when it's ready. I go over when my name is called with Hannah and she is holding my to go I said I am just going to go sit with her - there are plenty of empty tables / she said I can't. I said listen I just paid for my food I bought from you I tipped you and ill tip her my daughter has a hard time sitting still and waiting. She said well you have to wait either way. Well no crap. That's why I ordered it and let Hannah read while they made it. This isn't a panera she says. Ok. They get the manager he says is there a problem. I said I don't have a problem I just want to sit and eat the food I just paid for. He says that the dining area is separate and the waitress works on tips. I assured him she would be tipped. My daughter has some special needs and they're really not being understanding. I pretty much feel like I won't be going back there. Ever. No one helped us when we sat until I had to ask and no one thanked us. Rude. I tip everywhere I go. I don't want to be forced to and if a business this day and age can't help out a little girl with some attention problems they should get off their high horse because their food is as bad as their attitude!! Thx for reading!
