My friend's 13 year old son saw something about Grimaldi's on TV, so when they visited NY, he wanted to go. I live in Brooklyn but had never tried it so I took them. We went during late afternoon on a Friday, hoping there might be less of a wait than on the weekend. Upon arrival, we asked an employee inside how long the wait might be since we had an appointment later. He looked at the line and said 30 minutes. It ended up being one hour and fifteen, by which time of course, we were starving. Most frustrating was toward the end of our wait, they seemed to stop taking people inside completely for a good 20 minutes, yet people kept coming out. By the time they started bringing us in again, the place was close to empty! It turns out they do some sort of re-stoking of the ovens a little before 5PM so they can't talk orders until that's done. Really? How about respecting the people on line and A) Including that in your 30 minute estimate B) Coming outside and explaining this, since we don't know it until we sit down and see that notice on the menu, and C) Maybe pass around some nibbles of appetizers or SOMETHING to the folks outside who are providing free advertising by forming a line outside your shop? Welcome to NY folks, where when a business becomes hot, the customers are the last thing they worry about any more, and Grimaldi's has happily jumped on the bandwagon. Once inside, we had a surly, nasty server who was apparently a manager as well. He was in no hurry to take our order as the room filled up and despite being one of the first ones seated in the room, visiting tables in order of arrival was an extremely low priority for him. As was moving faster than he does when he gets out of bed in the morning. When the pizza finally came, sure it was good. But at that point a cardboard box would have tasted good also - we were starving and pissed off and wanting to eat and get out of there. Listen folks: There have been tons of brick oven pizza places in New York for decades, but for some reason this place generated some publicity which inspires tourists to trek out to an obscure corner of Brooklyn for it. Save the train fare and difficult to navigate walking route and go to one of the Manhattan establishments, whose pizza is just as good, and you might NOT get the surly service and "we don't really need you" attitude this places dishes up far more generously than the pizza. Grimaldi's pizza is good, but the service sucks and they have an attitude and eventually they'll see that reflected in their sales figures. Until then, Google "brick oven pizza in New York". Skip the Grimaldi's results and try some of these. sanmarzanonyc.com ordergoodfellas.com alfornopizzeria77.com and the best of all johnsbrickovenpizza.com
