I can't say enough positive things about my experience at Ngam.  I was planning a large birthday party for 16 people and was nervous about finding a restaurant that would accommodate our needs while still keeping costs reasonable.  Ngam went above and beyond all of my expectations.  First, Chef Hong took the time out to design a one of a kind menu including many vegetarian options as well as a signature cocktail for all the guests.  The sheer variety of food was unbelievable given the price point including 4 kinds of appetizers (the pomelo salad is surprising and unique, the spring rolls are crunchy and delicious, to name a few).  The main courses started coming and it felt as though they never stopped.  From roasted chickens to lobster in coconut milk to mussel stew to steak, pad thai and beyond, the menu was thoughtful, abundant and delicious.  Everyone walked away beyond satiated and we even wrapped up food to go (not able to bear the thought of any of it going to waste).  For dessert, we were only meant to have one chocolate fondue to share in honor of the birthday celebrations, but again, Hong went beyond our agreement and also brought out smaller plates of fondue for people to share as well as a second round of drinks for everyone. Service wise, the communication with the restaurant was incredibly friendly and flexible.  When I had to add or subtract numbers from the guest list or let them know that some people would be arriving late, there were no arguments are haggling.  The hostess/event coordinator stayed in constant communication with me via email in the days leading up to the party.  Also, while the long table in the center is meant for a party of 20, Hong was nice enough to give us the entire table so even though there were other diners, it felt like a private party.  Servers were buzzing around our table, but gave us ample time to enjoy all the food and also walk around the space and chat.  Chef Hong even came out several times to check in on us. Finally, Hong & staff were sweet enough to give me a birthday card THANKING ME for choosing their restaurant for my party and offering me a complimentary bottle of wine for the next time I dine there. All in all, I have never experienced a restaurant in NY such as Ngam.  Oftentimes organizing a large party can be stressful and frustrating, but this was the most pain-free, if not exciting experience I had.  The level of creativity and execution made it clear that they were excited to put out a great meal for us which is a rare quality to find these days in New York.  Thank You to everyone at Ngam for making it a memorable event!!
