Okay, so I hate giving bad reviews, but I've been here twice and hated it so much the first time I thought that it must have been because I ordered the wrong thing. I actually hated it so much that I thought it must have been my fault: my mood, the weather, etc. Anyway, I just went there again, and it was equally, if not more terrible. Let me explain both of my times there, and why I believe that the only reason it's been so hyped is because it is associated with Penny Cluse (my favorite place in town). The first time I went, I ordered a wet macchiato and the hash-brown casserole. I was excited to try their espresso, and the hash-brown casserole sounds like such a great item, especially for $3.50. The espresso was the worst I've ever had. And the foam was too aerated, really bubbly. Not to mention that that wasn't the drink I asked for. They gave me a bone dry drink after asking for a wet one, which is usually forgivable because coffee language is so idiosyncratic, but it was so bad! Too too too dark. I don't blame them though, they're in an awful contract with Speeder and Earl's. *sigh* The hash-brown casserole was well presented; it came in its own dish, baked just for me. Except it had no vegetables. It was just potatoes and cheese. Mushy potatoes and bland cheese. It was so oily that I didn't finish it. The second time was a little better. I got coffee elsewhere beforehand, and ordered the mushroom, pesto and rapini baked eggs. I had seen someone order them the last time, and they look great. They are not. They are so salty that you can't taste the eggs, or the rapini or the mushrooms or the basil. The textures are really good though. Too bad the yolks were overdone. I drank three glasses of water with my meal. Didn't finish this either. The only reason they get two stars is because the waitstaff was so nice to me when I SLIPPED AND FELL on their slippery tile floor. Seriously, just go to Penny Cluse. Or make your own boring, oily food. This place is the worst new addition to the Burlington food scene. Ugh.
