My parents were coming in from Long Island and wanted to treat my gf and me to brunch. I've lived in the city for a decade and I've been lucky enough to have been out to a million different places that others have picked but I simply suck at picking places for myself and others.   I wanted something good but not too "foo foo" as "creative" food is not really our thing.   Eggs, French toast, pancakes and some cocktails is just fine thank you very much!  I had recently had lunch at Landmarc at the Time Warmer Center and Loved it.  One of the best burgers I've ever had in the city and I LOVE burgers. Why some places perennially pop up on "best of NYC" lists, I have no idea.  Don't even get me started on Corner Bistro... But I digress. Anyway, I recently passed by the TriBeCa Landmarc location and menu looked good and the place looked nice so we booked it. It was Sunday at 2pm, restaurant was busy but not chaotic.  We were sat right away and server friendly and quick to take our drink orders and cocktails were served quick and not watered down.  We ordered our entrees and when I put my order in for French toast (which they call pain perdu) the server told me I made a great choice. French toast is my morning equivalent of the cheeseburger. I really love a good French toast and it's surprising hard to find.  The server was right, I was NOT disappointed.  They basically take a half loaf of bread and soak it overnight in I think a mix of bourbon and eggs then they bake it.  It's giant. And absolutely delicious.  Others ordered blueberry pancakes, and the eggs.  All were pleased but I'm pretty I won this one.  On the way out we passed a couple on  their way in.  I was feeling full and happy and told them they were in for a treat. The woman lit up like a Christmas tree and said to me, oh! Did you try the pain perdu??? She was obviously a return visitor. I can't believe I never heard of this great French toast before so that's why I am taking the time to write this one now.  Go!
