Ok, so in the last week it has all become so clear to me.  You see, the other night I caught on Food Network the 2007 Bon Appetit Best Of show where Di Fara Pizzeria was rated as the number three Pizzeria in the US.  Why is this important you may ask. Well, let me tell you.  As I sat there watching this show and they announced Di Fara as the #3 selection I jumped out of my chair and yelled at my wife "Holy Crap, that's where I ate pizza as a kid". You see, although I now live in Maine, I was born in Brooklyn in 1964.  1921 Ave. I was my first home to be exact.  My grandparents lived a few blocks down Ave. J (1714 to be exact) from my beloved Di Fara.  I fondly remember trips to Di Fara as a kid.  With my Dad, my Mom, my Grandmother, Aunts, Uncles and Cousins.  At that time there were other Pizzerias on Ave. J, but Di Fara was the one.  We all knew it was and my parent's who'd been eating well before I came into this world knew it best of all.  The slices were incredible, and as a kid the Italian Ices sold at the window were just a bonus treat after the pizza.   For a better part of my 44 years I have always been a pizza snob, and now I know why.  After all, as a kid this was the pizza I loved.  I had no idea why, I wasn't a foodie, I was 5 and I knew what I liked.  It had a special taste.  The crust had that thin crispness and the edge of the crust had just the right combination of chew to crunch.  The cheese seemed special with a buttery nuttiness to it's taste.  There was just the right amount of oil that ran out the back of the slice as you folded it and took that first joyous bite. From age 5 to 15 it was my "Holy Grail" of pizza.  And I won't even go into detail about Domenic's Sicilian pie.  There isn't the space to praise that masterpiece. In Maine while there were local pizzerias opened by NY and NJ transplants that were good they just didn't have what Di Fara had.  They all just lacked something.  People didn't know what I meant.  They'd say that I just wasn't happy with anything.  Well, I've lived all over the country, and sampled the local pizza in close to 50 US cities and in none of those locations have I ever found a pizza that lived up to my lofty expectations.  I last ate at my beloved Di Fara when my grandparents moved out of Brooklyn in the late 1980's.  Other than the passing of time on the calender, time has stood still on one little corner on Ave. J.   As I watched the description on TV my memories flooded back to me.  It was still there, the pizza was still the same.  And at that time it all became oh so clear as to my being a pizza snob for my entire life.  I've bee trying to find a pizza that was better than what I have now learned to be perfection anointed in Olive oil. Thank you Bon Apetit, thank you Di Fara Pizzeria and thank you Domenic.  It is all now perfectly clear.
