Graduation Disaster! Last night was the worst experience my family and I have ever experienced at a restaurant.  My daughter graduated with from the College of New Jersey.  She wanted to go to her favorite Italian restaurant near the college, Piccolo's in Pennington.  I had made the reservations for 8PM almost 2 months.  So when we arrived there was a crowd waiting to get in.  When we approached the hostess they said there would be a wait.  They were seating people who had reservations from 6PM who did not arrive until 7:30-8PM.  They had obviously overbooked because of the graduation.  Several groups left because of the extended wait.  We eventually did get seated around 8:50PM.  Frustrated and upset we were finally tried to enjoy the evening.  We did not have a waitress stop by or drop off menus for at least 15 minutes.  Ordered an appetizer and all the dinners around 9:10PM.  Of course the prices were an average of $4 more than the normal menu.  Waited patiently for the main courses, asked the waitress several times for our meals, mentioned that we had grandparents who lived an 1 1/2 hours away and a brother who had to catch a train for NYC by 11:07PM.  Finally talked to a manager who was here from the Newtown store.  Told him we had to leave and we wanted the check.  He was very apologetic and asked us to wait.  All of a sudden the food came out at almost 10:30PM.  We were getting up to leave and the Newtown manager said that the entrees would be taken off the bill.  The he came back and asked for my name and phone number.  He handed me an envelope with a $40 coupon instead of reducing the bill.  He said he would call today and what a surprise no call. Piccolo's has been in the area long enough to know what happens on graduation night but they are more concerned with making money then supporting the college communities that have supported them for years.  The $40 coupon has been thrown into the garbage.  I will never set foot in any of the 3 Piccolo restaurants in the area. Thank you for ruining a great day.
