Took the entire family to Zahav last night, November 5, (this included twins under 10 and one teen) and was awesome. Why? The food was simply amazing. Each and every dish was presented artfully and elegantly explained by the staff. Oh, and they were very accommodating to the fact that if we ordered from the Tayim, it would be for five, but not priced this way. As a family of five, we rarely see this, as hotels want us to get two rooms, etc. As a family with kids, the reviews told us that this was not a family friendly place. Yet, the whole place was very welcoming of the kids and certainly did not mind having them around. Now, if the kids were below say 5-6, this probably is not the correct destination. We decided upon the Tayim since this was going to be a adventure for our family. Maybe next time we'd do less, but this was a wonderful way to experience the entirety of the offerings. (Yes, pricey. We decided to drive home and forgo another night at a hotel/motel in lieu of missing out.) Let's start with the laffa with hummus. Devoured. The laffa was warm, flavorful and just the right texture. The hummus set a new bar for us, though. The texture and scent alone were worth the trip. The salatim were each wondrous. Our family's favorites were the carrots (cumin did the trick), the beets, and the eggplant. The tabouli was very good and the Israeli salad, which we make at home, was extra special. The preparation of each of these made them a treat. They gave us 10 of the mezze to try and we tried most all of them. We ordered 2 of the cauliflower because we love this anyhow (make this at times at home). Our favorites were the kibbeh, the sable, the cauliflower, the haloumi (sans walnuts), and the tuna. The sable, with the warm yolk inside of the toasted challah was like magic as the textures of the fish, runny yolk and toasty bread blended together. The cauliflower (2 of them) did not last 2 minutes. The breading was flavorful and with that dill/garlic/mint accompaniment! Al Ha'esh was meguez, kofte, salmon, baby potatoes and the hanger steak. The kofte was simply amazing. Each was delightful. The salmon (sans so much spicy stew) was eaten by the teen (almost without sharing), until the couscous was spotted causing a squabble! The baby potatoes with the ground lamb was simply divine... and the kofte was split into equal portions and left us all wanting more. Oh, and we ate some of the desserts (the chocolate went over very well, as did the halavah with strawberry) but took some home for the drive. By the way, yes, parking is rough. I put the van outside the theater because I was lucky, but it did add to the price of the meal. For some, this might be a bit much, but for this type of quality, and the fact that parking is expensive in Philadelphia, we dealt with this fact. So, overall, for a family: Depending on age it is just fine (we went at 6pm so probably more family oriented anyhow). Quality: Outstanding. Service: Welcoming... created a take home bag for us with what we could not eat. Everyone explained what was served and answered any question (even those from kids). An experience we won't soon forget.
