I live really close to this place and have been super excited about its arrival since the news first came out that the Good Dog crew were opening it. I have been to Good Dog and although it was usually packed and pricey (it gets a pass cuz its center city), they had good food and it was always a good time.  So I'm thinking "Great! A bigger venue and really close to my house!"  However, I was not impressed. The first mistake they made was painting white over the beautiful brick that was originally there when this place was The Witch, but I can get over that.  The inside of the place is nice and the vibe is not bad, but it gets loud from people talking and sound bouncing off the wood (it was not really the music, but the conversations).  The real problems with this place are:  price, value and menu.  People who have already reviewed this place hit it right on the money...  For anyone that remembers The Witch,  it suffered from the same things this place is suffering from (although I hear the Witch's food was better)... The Industry is super expensive and the food you get is sub-par (for the most part) and you get less than you would expect for the price.  The menu has all this pretentious food that they're not even pulling off.  This is South Philly and people want some more staples.   It seems like the people in charge of the menu want this place to fail.  Throw a chicken sandwich or a roast beef sandwich on the menu... these are items that are "normal" and also hard to mess up.  You could probably keep them cheap too.  That kind of stuff will sell a lot more than bone marrow or pig ears.  You guys need to chill with the prices on this stuff too.  The cocktails are delicious but $10 for what is like a 2 oz. drink is obnoxious.   The beer selection is decent but really really pricey.  Your $12 wings are unreal, considering every pizza place in the area gives you at least double that amount for the same price and the taste is usually better.  The pig ears are gross and a waste of time for anyone (who would want to eat super deep-fried cartilage anyway.... I couldn't even chew them).  The vegetable soup was terrible.  My friend said the burger sucks, and he's pretty forgiving with most foods.  I heard good things about the pulled bbq duck, but have yet to try it.  My brunch was ok (veggie scramble) but completely cold when I received it.  I tried the french toast and it was really good.  The brunch sides are $4 and a ripoff though. Last rant is about the "industry jokes" on their menu, t-shirts, walls, etc.   I've worked in the industry for a while and I think that it's really in bad taste to print that sort of thing.  It's obnoxious to read and stuff like "if you can't tip go to the liquor store" really makes me think I'm making a terrible mistake giving The Industry any money... If I wasn't so lazy, I would get way better food items and alcohol from the store for so much cheaper and I wouldn't have to scream to my friends while trying to have a conversation.   I really want this place to do well and make a home there.  I still prefer The Ugly American to this place.... they are a lot less pretentious.  This is South Philly!!! Better menu, cheaper prices, bigger value, outside seating, sound-dampening and losing the stupid "industry jokes" can save this place. I haven't lost hope here yet.... atmosphere's good and it has potential
