So everybody reviews this place. There are mixed reviews all over the place. I went there last night with a group of friends. We're new students to Philly so we figured a Friday night would be a good time to check out this Pat's or Geno's cheesesteak rivalry. Coming from University City, we (barely) navigated the subway system and walked our way to 9th street. By this time, we were starving and we approached Geno's first. What newbie wouldn't? It's big flashy lights, bright, etc. We heard about those "anti-immigrant" rumors but I didn't care at first. Again, hungry. There was a big sign about no outside food, which I figured made sense. A review below me apparently shows how anal they are about it. We ditched that line and went to Pats after we saw the (large) woman wearing a "I'm an American; I speak English" t-shirt. Now, everyone in my group spoke English with no accent...however not all of us were "white" and my friend was afraid to order there. They also had some plaques about people who died in duty and a large one about some guy who died and put the name of the "murderer" there, obviously a muslim. Kind of the last straw. Went to Pat's. Being outsiders, I was a little hesitant about ordering. Since I've heard they're pretty picky about it. Pat's had a nice sign telling you how to order. That was helpful. Ordering went without a hitch. While waiting in line just figure out what you're going to order and have your money out. $8.50 for a cheesesteak was pretty steep so we ate them without fries or drinks. Seating wasn't too hard to find, especially for a Friday night. One guy working there came out and chatted with a few customers. The cheesesteaks themselves weren't that great actually. My friend got the "whiz" and it oozed all over the place. It wasn't piping hot which was kind of disappointing. It tasted a little dry to me and in all honesty, the cheesesteak I had earlier that week at the Phillies game was MUCH better. So go there just to say you have. Eat a cheesesteak, pick your favorite of the two. Then go find some other place with better cheesesteaks and go there. I'm telling you they exist...and I'm not even a local.
