I never write reviews on sites like this because of users like Sanjay and Jodi (below). Frankly I was shocked when I read their reviews of this restaurant. I am a big "foody" and have eaten at hundreds of places in the city and all over the world. A person that appreciates all that Ngam has to offer, in my opinion, is experienced, savvy, and has the wherewithal to truly understand greatness. I love Thai cuisine, and have always been able to find a place serving tasty, well-presented, Thai offerings. Ngam is something different, something special... so special in fact, that its not for everyone. Nothing about Ngam is ordinary. As soon as you walk in, the word LOVE is calmly illuminated on a burnt red, brick wall. Walking past the open-kitchen, you cannot help but to gawk at the homemade, aromatic creations coming forth carefully situated on a plate of petrified wood and banana leaves. Im a born and raised NewYorker, but when I eat here I honestly feel like I am in Thailand at my grandmothers house. The chef is always there and you can tell that she has put her heart and soul into the food, the atmosphere, and seeing smiles on the faces of her local addicts and first timers. Now...onto the food.....in chronological order based on my numerous experiences at Ngam: Chaing Ma Fries are a must.....ridiculous, sweet, crispy, and different. Delicious red-crurry dipping sauce. Put these in the "do-not-miss category."   Brother Chai is my boy....his chicken wings are something serious. Yum! Springrolls are crispy and delicious, perhaps a sauce or two would be nice...but certainly not needed. The Pad Thai is something out of a story book....I like the chicken or shrimp. Not too sweet and saucy like a lot of amateur Pad Thai dishes Ive seen. Despite the review given by Sanjay, who is clearly an inexperienced  fraud, the Pad Ke Mow was damn good. Sweet and spicy, tangy and delicious. Your palette will be ever amused by the different layers of flavor in this dish. Although there may be a resemblance of a ramen noodle cousin, this was freakin' awesome... we can all sit back and feel sorry for Sanjay as he visits all of the average Thai spots in the city. Ok people, seriously....TRY THE WHOLE BRANZINO. Im typically not the "whole fish on your plate, fish eyes starting up at you"...... but I was lucky to have been sitting down when I tried my fist bite. I might've collapsed if I was standing. This is something speical. A favorite of mine is the Chicken Laab. I have a soft spot for dishes like this, which may be slightly unorthodox. Here we have bite-sized pieces of delicious white meat chicken tossed around in a culmination of spices that are mind-boggling. Its spicy, flavorful, has a nice crisp, and wont let you down. Oh, there's some delicious jasmine rice tucked away folded up in a banana leaf too. Sounds fun, right? If I wrote about every incredible dish, I would be here for weeks writing a novel... that said, some other dishes that are not to be missed include: the Gai-Yang Chicken, Grandma's Fried Rice, Braised short ribs "Hung Lay," and the Thai burger is well put-together and different too. If you made it all the way to the bottom of this post, get up, go to Ngam, and decide for yourself. If you feel how I do, let Chef Hong know personally.
