I am a frequent visitor at Vonda's Kitchen and I have never experienced anything remotely close to what Ms. Eddwina experienced. In fact it's been quite the opposite, the owner makes it her business to come out and greet the customers, always with a smile on her face and very respectful. The service has always been to my satisfaction and forget about how great the food is. I love the atmosphere, it's clean, great music and it's not overwhelming. I've met so many wonderful people dining there, people from all over NJ, NY, MD, there was a couple from Massachusetts there at one point! I'm not sure what happened on that day but there is always two sides to every story. If there is a change to the menu or if something is not available the waitress informs me and allows me to decide on what I want to do, that's professionalism and quality customer service. From the moment I walk through the door, to the moment I get my yummy food, I am greeted with a smile and the wait staff is very attentive. It's unfortunate that "Black-owned" businesses sometimes have to deal with customers who think they can get over, the customer isn't always right and I am sure at the end of the day you got what you wanted because Vonda always makes sure that any issues are taken care of immediately. So with that said, it's not always the staff at these businesses, it can be the customer as well. I'm sorry that you feel that your experience wasn't great, but judging from the ratings and all of the reviews, it's apparent that Vonda's Kitchen is not the problem. I can state from past experience and present experience because I have visited her other restaurant as well. Vonda has over 15 years of experience in this game, two successful restaurants, a successful catering business and another restaurant about to open, she is certainly not the fly by night type of business owner that you think she is. To say that your experience was bad is one thing but to speak on things that you don't know about is a bit much. You can't please everyone!
