I have been thinking about Archie's a lot recently.  I love this place.  I might consider myself a regular even.  So from 2006 when I moved to New Haven until now I have eaten there between 3 - 8 times a month. Lately I have been trying to put my finger on exactly why.  It isn't the closest restaurant or bar to my house but I always end up walking the extra blocks to go there.  The food is ok.  I eat it a lot and typically leave feeling full and satisfied.  I wish there were more fresh options on the menu.  Less open bag drop in fryer cooking. I would love specials that were a touch more labor intensive like a simple sauté of sausage with fresh peppers and onions.  I wish they used more salt on the burgers or used fresh Avocado instead of the pre done bagged stuff.  Otherwise I would call it decent pub food.  It has never made me sick and that means something to me.   I like that my two favorite drinks, Smithwicks and Jamison, are always available. I like that whenever all the other restaurants and bars are closed I can count on Archie's to be open.  I like the servers plenty but must confess that the majority of my visits have been at the bar.  However, when I watch the servers work I am impressed.  They seem to really care about the customers and each other.  They seem to understand that the people they are serving are largely locals and they treat them accordingly.  It is a sense of caring that I notice.  If I sat at the bar less I am sure I would know their names and I am sorry that I don't.  I can say that the guy with the beard and three of the female servers always seem to stand out.  If I start eating in the dining room more I will be sure to amend this review with names to give them the credit they are due.      None of this is enough to make me a regular.  So why do I love this bar so much?   I can only really come to one conclusion.  It is the feel.  It feels like I am having a beer at "Cheers".  In many ways Archie's is the "Cheers" of New Haven.  The bar guests are all regulars.  They all know each other and their bartenders.  I always hope that my favorite bartenders are working when I go in because I know that I will be treated well and all the customers around me will be happy.  There are two standouts in this as well.  Archie's own Sam Malone is Greg and Coach is Carl.  Two of the best bartenders I have ever encountered.  They are not doing fancy mixology or juggling like Tom Cruise in "Cocktail".  They are doing something far more important.  These guys are making their guests feel welcome and appreciated.  Something that seems small yet makes such a difference.  Archie's is a place I can go and feel relaxed and at home.  I am grateful to Greg and Carl for their rolls in creating that type of atmosphere.  It is the work that they do that keeps me coming back.
