Buckle yourselves in because this is about to be one wild review. Important note: This review is regarding the Prime16 on the Boston Post Road in Orange. I recently went to Prime16 with friends to celebrate one of our birthdays. We were welcomed by a team of about 7 hosts and hostesses who already had our table ready to go for us; awesome! We started off the night with some drinks... water for all save 2 of us who opted for Coke and Sprite. The drinks came to the table and at first glance you could tell that the 2 sodas were flat as a chessboard and also had small fuzzzies floating on the surface. After assuming it was a small fluke, we sent the 2 sodas back, requesting 2 of the same drinks. The new drinks came back...drumroll please...flat as a desert!!! Our waitress apologized and informed us this was an unavoidable flaw because of the soft drink company they contracted to provide them with their sodas. Apparently this company makes their drinks intentionally flat which is very bizarre and unappealing. So we had those drinks sent back and had 2 more waters sent to the table. Then we ordered our burgers and endured a reasonable wait of 15 minutes or so for our food to come out. The orders were jumbled: one of our friends asked for half sweet potato and half regular fries but received only sweet potato. The burger I ordered was supposed to come with a side of delicious au jus mayo but that never made its way to our table even after I asked for it twice. They got the fries straightened out and all was well. Until... One of our good friends dove into his smokehouse burger and began pulling a string out of his mouth much like a clown at a carnival. This string was never ending. We all stopped eating and watched on in shock and awe as our friend struggled to pull this gnarled mess out of his mouth. We cried and comforted one another, hoping and praying to God that this horror would end soon. Once our friend pulled the last of the string from his mouth, we called our waitress over. Her response was "Oh boy, let me get the manager." Yeah, you better. The manager came to our table and, under a similar state of shock as us, informed us that the string was actually the same string used to hold raw ground beef together; just delicious, the finest string around. She was very nice and apologetic and offered anything off the menu, free of charge, for our good friend. After a few minutes of debate, we had a grilled chicken wrap sent to our table as a replacement for the stringy flosshouse burger. Here's the catch: our friend asked for it with NO bacon. The manager stood at the doorway to the kitchen as the replacement wrap was made, watching the cook's moves intensely. She walked the wrap over to our table with...drumroll please...bacon inside!!! Jiminy Cricket!!! The manager began her apology over again and gave us a ticket for another free meal. Why would we ever come back, though? The right thing to do would have been for her to give us ALL of our meals for free. This was the straw that broke the camels back, and we left disgusted and hungry. The silver lining, however, is that Plan B is only a few miles down the road! So why ever come here and get your teeth flossed by a raw meat string when you could have a flawless dining experience there?
