My family has eaten here before with very average food experiences. Once there were four parties with us and we asked for ind'l bills. Instead, they divided it up four ways casuing a big stink with one couple that ate lighter. We all had to estimate the monies we owed to the one couple, making it very embarrassing. The management said they couldn't issue "seperate checks" but we all know that is BS. But the views of the lake and the mountains brought us back here for a final try. We arrived on a Sat late Saturday afternoon....around 4:00. We were downstairs in the bar and we were the ONLY patrons in the room. They had a TV on, over in the corner, with my college team playing a huge game in the final 8 minutes. It was a 3 point game. Waiting for our table, I turned the volume up from zero to around 5, so I could hear the announcers. The bartender came by and said that they didn't allow sound from the TV. I turned it down to 2, so that no one could possibly hear it and again there was not a single partron in the bar. The manager came by and turned the sound off to mute and rudely said "No volume from the TV!!!!". I told him that there was no customers there AT ALL and that there were only 3 minutes now left in this cliff hanger. He ignored me and walked off. I was ticked off and turned the volume to ONE. This means I had my ear pressed against the TV to strain to hear anything. We had ordered drinks earlier and paid for them. They were 90% full. The manager came over, turned off the TV, and told us to leave. I am not making this up. No customers there and we didn't get to finish our drink, and we're in our 50's....being kicked out of this restaurant. So we left and obviously never returned. We've told 100's of our friends about this event and all were in disbelief and most said they'd never go there. The owners/managers are horrible bussiness people and rude is an understatement. Burlington has SO MANY places to eat. Don't bother with this average-food, horrible management place. Like one of the other reviews, I'd like to rate it a ZERO versus giving it one star.
