I am relatively new to the neighborhood in Astoria and a friend asked me if I had been to Cafe Triskell.  I have now been there  four times...in the last ten days; three times for dinner and once for brunch.  It's THAT good.  I have had the Angus Steak Frites, the escargo, French Onion Soup, a Risotto special (which was only there one of the nights), a Duck Terrine Mousse and something called a Bisteya, which I've never had anywhere else before.  It was incredible.  The food is top rate.  The restaurant itself is so unassuming and rustic feeling yet the food is like a 5 star French restaurant.  Completely authentic, but  not at all expensive or pretentious.   For brunch, I had a French Toast that was the best French toast I had ever had bar none.  My friend had a Croque Madame and we shared.  She was blown away and is now obsessed with the place.  The brunch was crowded and there was a line outside that started right after we got there but I think that's just an indication of how good the food is.  The staff seems to move quickly to get everyone seated and served.   I saw some people get a little frustrated with the wait but, like any good restaurant in NYC ( or anywhere for that matter) , if you get there during a rush, you just have to wait.  On Saturday, I took a date there and made a reservation first.  That was a good idea.  The food and service were excellent.  As I looked around, I saw a number of the same people dining in the restaurant; a lot of regular customers. The owner/chef and my waitress noticed that I was a return customer and gave my date and I a special dessert crepe that was beautifully presented and not on the menu as well as some complimentary champagne.  They know how to treat people.  We had a gourmet, three course, French meal in New York City that ran me less that $80.  I feel like I'm getting away with something when I eat there. I plan on having my birthday celebration at Triskell and bringing a lot of people there.  Just one more reason to love Astoria.
