The day arrived for us to find a place worth doing a cross-Brooklyn road trip for.  We scanned different places and reviews (both hearsay and on Yelp) to see where we should eat on a nice weather Friday. In the end we chose Di Fara because we knew how to get there from Park Slope (drive down Ocean Parkway and left on Ave J).  Once I got inside with friend waiting in the parking space,  it did not seem too crowded but boy was there a wait.. And wait and wait.  I got my order in after 6 minutes inside but had to wait another 30 minutes before my pizza pie was done and boxed for me. I consider myself practical as anyone willing to pay 4 dollars a slice really is not that hungry and should eat somewhere else. The price per slice is trying to discourage singles and force people to get the $20 pies (which is what I did) The dining area was too packed with people from the neighborhood and families for me to consider eating inside so I was happy with my first choice of getting my order to go. That older guy that makes all of the pies is a machine.  He just keeps going and going, square pie, round pie and another round pie.  You actually get to see the pizza making process as he goes from the dough, adds the sauce and the chunks of cheese.  After it comes out of the oven he sprinkles more cheese and uses scissors to cut the fresh basil right onto the pie.   Was it worth the wait?  Yes.  Was I sorry my door to door trip to go and return from my pizza trek was over an hour of invested time? Maybe. But at least I can say I ate at one of the highest rated (celebrity and food critic alike) pizza places in the borough.  (The four thin crust slices I ate myself were excellent) I guess if I could figure out what kind of weather conditions and season could cause there to be not too much of a wait I might go back. Until then I will stick with my fond memories and the friendly (though time-consuming) service that those two people in the front put on display for all of their eagerly (practically drooling) customers.
