Three friends and I just returned from a miserable "brunch" at Morgans. The first sign of trouble came as we sat down and were told that only two of about eight brunch items were available. As they are still in their "soft opening" phase, we found this disappointing, but acceptable. When we tried to order coffee, we were told they don't serve it, as "Texas barbecue doesn't do coffee." This took a moment to process. Coffee is not available with brunch? The news alone was bad enough, but the attitude it was served with nearly had us walking out the door (spoiler alert: that would've been the better move). We placed our orders from our limited options, and then two of us set off to retrieve coffees down the block at Hungry Ghost. At least Morgans did not begrudge us the outside drinks. We received our food, (a bland breakfast burrito, a tasty but slider-sized pulled pork sandwich, an El Paso omelette, and smoked pork tacos). The taco order was missing its side of frijoles, so we asked the server for them. He dismissed the request, saying that they didn't come with the order. We were skeptical, but we finished eating without complaint. While waiting for the check, we took another look at the menu and saw that the beans, as we had already pointed out, did in fact come with the tacos. We again mentioned it to the server at the end of the meal, and he said that while he believed us, he would double check the menu. Once he returned, he acknowledged the beans did indeed come with the tacos. Server: "The beans are coming out now." Me: "It's okay, we're done with our meal, we don't want them now." Server: "We can pack them up to go." By that point, we had already finished up our meal, so it was too little, too late. Me: "No thanks, maybe you can just take something off the price of the dish." Server: "I'll see." Several minutes pass and the server said he wasn't going to take anything off the price. To review: no coffee, limited menu, small portions, big mistake to come here.  I created this Yelp account to warn fellow brunch and coffee lovers: don't eat here - the service is awful, and if you ask for what you ordered, you'll get served a whole lot of attitude instead.
