I WILL NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE AGAIN!! Although their bagels are quite good, the Staff is horrendous!! I have gone to this place several times over the last 5 months. Each time I went in, they were busy, so when this one particular staff person was rude the first time, and ignored me when I asked a question, I let it go. I figured they were busy. When I went in the next time and she was rude again, I was in a hurry and let it go. Each of the next couple times I went in, she was rude, but trying to be a good person, I kept letting it go. Yesterday was the last straw though and I decided I could no longer "Let it go". I went in and ordered 8 bagels, and containers of cream cheese and butter and a mini bagel with cream chees on it. I then went and made a cup of coffee while I waited for my order. A gentleman took my order, and I had no complaint from him. But then this same rude, B*tch, called out the orders. She said "6 bagels, and cream cheese"  No one responded, so I said, " I ordered 8 bagels, cream cheese & butter" She responded rudely that this was my order. I asked if she could check to be sure that my entire order was there, including the mini bagel. She again rudely said that she could not check the order because she did not have gloves on. I asked her to give me the bag to check. She shoved it at me and moved on to the next person's order. When I politely told her that the mini bagel was not there, she grabbed the bag off the counter and said she would check it, and went toward the back. She came back over and again rudely said everything was there. I said that I still did not see the mini bagel. She practically bit my head off and said that it was there under the other bagels.. I wanted to leave everything on the counter and walk out, but I was bringing the bagels to work for  co-workers birthday, so I just paid, and asked for a plastic bag to put everything in. This rude woman then literally threw a hand full of plastic bags at me. I took one and threw the rest back at her. I had enough of her rudeness at this point. She took the bags that I had thrown back at her and shoved them in the garbage. I went over to an empty table to put everything in the plastic bag, and in the process knocked over my full cup of coffee.it went all over the table and the floor. Despite her rudeness and the fact that I would not have spilled my coffee if she had been doing her job properly in the first place, I went over to the counter and said that I had spilled my coffee and asked if she had something I could clean it up with. The B*tch completely ignored me. I refilled my coffee, left the spill there and left to go to work. Later after work I went back to make a formal complaint to the owner. The nice gentleman that had taken my order in the morning said that the owner was not there, but I could speak to the Manager, and he pointed to the rude woman. I could not believe that this rude, poor excuse for a customer service representative was the Manager. I again asked for the owner, but was told he was never there, and I could not be given a number to contact him at. I said thanks and left. I live right down the street from the Bagel Stop but I will NEVER give them business again. I will go out of my way to go anywhere but there. NO MANAGER should treat customers the way this B*tch did. Do yourself a favor and do not go into this place.
