I have never written a review for a restaurant before but, I can't keep my mouth shut on this one....The food was horrible and the service was frightening.  I went to Centro Grill with two best friends to celebrate our recent birthdays.  The restaurant was empty yet, they sat us in the middle of the dining room.... odd.  We started with the sweet and sour calamari.  It was extremely tough and the flavor was very overpowering.  Little did we know this was the best of what we would eat :(  One of my friends actually had to spit a piece out.  For entrees, we ordered the lobster mac & cheese, the crab cakes with cous cous, and the salmon with mushroom risotto.  The crab cakes were inedible and the cous cous tasted like it was cooked in old oil.  The salmon was completely reheated (it was obvious) and the risotto had no flavor except for chemicals.  I have never seen salmon so over cooked and dry... not to mention the odd white substance on one side.  The lobster mac & cheese was alright but, my friend kept chomping on pieces of shell!  Our server noticed that my friend wasn't eating the crab cakes.  She tried to be polite and say it was fine but he actually bent down and got in her face... so she finally said that she didn't care for them and that they didn't taste right.  He promptly took her plate away and brought her another soda.  He never said another word about it and did not comment on the fact that I didn't eat my meal.  When he brought us dessert menus, I was still hungry so, we decided to give it a try.  I ordered a lemon curd tart... i got something that was clearly lime (it was green) and garnished with shriveled blue berries and a rotten strawberry.  I'm seriously not exagerating.  We also ordered a creme brulee... it was gross and also garnished with a rotten strawberry.  When we got our check, the crab cakes had been removed however, our server made sure to include a copy of the check with them still on it... I assume so we would tip on the full amount.  Needless to say, I will never eat there again and I do not recommend anyone waste their money... it's not cheap!  I also got sick within an hour of leaving the restaurant.... YUCK.
