Finally! A Filipino restaurant in NYC you can take your non-Filipino friends to. We've been waiting for such a place for years. Authentic modern Filipino food, NOT fusion, which is what I really like about it. I really liked how our server had a spiel explaining the condiments like the banana ketchup, Maggi seasoning, etc. It really shows how the owners are trying to reach a market outside of the Filipino community. I had their version of chicken and waffles. YUM. Portions were huge, though, and I finished just half the waffe and half a chicken thigh. The waffle was made with ube (purple yams), the butter had bagoong (shrimp paste), and the syrup had macapuno (sweetened coconut). You wouldn't think to put these ingredients together, but the dish was awesome. For apps we had the barquillos (clever presentation of the usual lumpiang shanghai), sisig, gambas, and the beer battered spam (I wouldn't have imagined spam as an appetizer, but it works). For cocktails I had the Teo Tita. Vodka and kalamansi and some other stuff. Citrusy and refreshing, really good. We had an early 6:45pm reservation for dinner. Unfortunately we got there a half hour late and we got kicked out of our table and transferred to the bar to finish the rest of our meal at 8:15pm because a party of 30 reserved the place. It's not their fault, we were late coming in, they did the right thing. I was just happy to learn that they're THAT busy! Decor was good. I also liked the staff's t-shirts, which they sell. My husband got the tapsilog (cured beef with rice and egg), he said it was good but that it wasn't something he'll crave. They don't take credit cards though, which is a bummer. Our bill came to $200 for 4 people, it's not everyday you'd carry around that much cash to go to dinner. I think if they accepted cards, I would've ordered more drinks since I wouldn't have to worry whether I had enough cash on me or not. They would get 5 stars from me if they took plastic. Overall, I will definitely be back. They're opening a second location, where Sa Aming Nayon used to be, called Jeepney on 10-10-12. Can't wait to try that too.
