Dishonest! It is unfortunate that a restaurant with potential would cheat repeat customers on New Year's Eve. After enjoying the company and good cheer of friends around the table, our holiday spirit was crushed when we received the check. The owner charged a flat rate of $35 per person despite being asked repeatedly if there was a fixed charge or menu for New Year's Eve. Now $35 is not bad at all for dinner on a holiday EXCEPT when the charge was NEVER discussed despite being asked repeatedly if there was in fact an extra charge. Even when we increased our party from 6 to 10 people and asked if this would be a problem, all we were told was, "Nope. No problem. See you then!" Costenera even called us to confirm the new reservation the day of the dinner and made no mention of the change in pricing. In the end, we were left embarrassed and concluded what was supposed to be a festive dinner arguing with the owner. Whether this was done in error and the owner felt he needed to cover for his employee's ... restaurant with potential would cheat repeat customers on New Year's Eve. After enjoying the company and good cheer of friends around the table, our holiday spirit was crushed when we received the check. The owner charged a flat rate of $35 per person despite being asked repeatedly if there was a fixed charge or menu for New Year's Eve. Now $35 is not bad at all for dinner on a holiday EXCEPT when the charge was NEVER discussed despite being asked repeatedly if there was in fact an extra charge. Even when we increased our party from 6 to 10 people and asked if this would be a problem, all we were told was, "Nope. No problem. See you then!" Costenera even called us to confirm the new reservation the day of the dinner and made no mention of the change in pricing. In the end, we were left embarrassed and ended our dinner arguing with the owner - all because we had one person cancel, the place was NOT full and he wanted to make an extra $25 and ruin our holiday party. It's really sad that despite bringing new customers to the restaurant, and already dropping about $30 per person before the up-charge, they felt they needed to swindle us. So much for good service - Happy Holidays indeed!
