If you are coming here to try to get some work done BEWARE! The lighting is not very good at all. I felt like I was in the lower level/basement of one of those smaller grungy clubs in the LES. Towards the front of the shop the tables are soooo tightly packed next to one another, so that when you get up and walk around (to take a phone call or use the bathroom) you have to constantly maneuver around the tables so as to not knock a drink over or disturb another patron. What really irked me though was the barista's shitty attitude and lack of attention to customers. I stood in front of the register for about two minutes staring plainly at the cashier/server (who appeared to be the only person on staff) while he fiddled with a few things behind the counter and looked aimlessly at other patrons, before he acknowledged that I was there, trying to make a purchase. I am not looking for someone to hold the door open when I enter, and I am not even looking for a greeting, but at least have the decency to acknowledge your customers and take an order. To top it off, he seemed annoyed by the fact that I would dare buy something. In any case, unluckily for me I was just a few days removed from a wisdom tooth removal, so my teeth were understandably sore and very sensitive. I ordered the mint lemonade and asked him for no ice. He filled the 16 ounce cup a TINY BIT PAST halfway and stared at me very smugly as he handed me what amounted to a $3 drink (THREE DOLLAR DRINK) that would be done in two gulps. It was definitely far less than what you'd receive from a standard 12 ounce can. To top it off, later on when I asked him where the bathroom was he seemed annoyed by the question and mumbled an answer under his breath as he very coyly gestured to the general vicinity of the bathroom. Moreover there is one single occupant bathroom with no markings to indicate that it is a restroom. So after he directed me to the general vicinity he watched me as I foolishly paced back and forth in the back room looking for the restroom. Finally, I entered a door which looked like it led to some back room/kitchen area (which had SHADY written all over it) only to use a restroom with no soap or paper towels. Safe to say, I am not spending my money or my time over here any time soon! Like it or not, the customers contribute to the sustenance of your establishment when they come in and pay money for your services.
