The food we ordered was exquisite.  Piquillo peppers stuffed with oxtail. Beet salad with goat cheese and what I believe was watercress. Lamb belly and lamb sausage. Head-on shrimp sauteed in garlic. Squid stuffed with minced pork. Bomba rice in squid ink.  Everything we ordered was brilliantly conceived and executed, including the desserts. Imaginative, creative, balanced, fresh.  It's not an imitation of Spanish or Catalan food but rather an expansive riff on it. I travel in Spain every year and have eaten in most of NYC's Spanish restaurants and I can honestly say everything we ordered was a new idea we hadn't seen done this way before. This kitchen is a gem. BUT. The service is obnoxious.  I don't spend $100 per head (and that's was cheap for this place - most of their wine is well over $100/btl, so many diners will spend more than that) to be abused.  We had a reservation but the hostess wouldn't seat my wife and my friends because I was 15 minutes late.  So they should be punished because the MTA is having a hissy?  It's not like they gave our table to someone else.  It was just purely punitive.   Then the sommelier got in a pissing contest with us over the meaning of "full-bodied" and "traditional Rioja."  OK, even though I've been drinking Spanish wines for almost 30 years, let's just assume I'm an idiot and know nothing.  But I'm still the customer - humor me. Listen.  Work it out.  Don't be an obstructionist pedant.  I had to actually be stern with the guy to get what my table-mates were looking for. And then the same nonsense from the waiter.  I ordered 4 tapas.  "Oh no - you have to order everything at once; I'll come back when you're ready. You need to order 2-3 plates per person."  We sit there with our jaws agape as he storms off. When he finally comes back I tell him "OK, listen, you have to work with us here.  This table will not fit 8 to 12 plates, so you have to explain this "order everything at once" idea.  To his credit, at that point I think he understood that he had some unhappy customers and he pulled his attitude together.  But really, if your restaurant follows a different ordering model from all the other tapas restaurants in the world, then let people know that when you hand them the menu, rather than making a conflict out of it later on. The food was so good that against my better judgement I might be back. But if I do go back, I'm going give the bad attitude right back to the front of house staff in double-doses.  Which is too bad, because that's not how I am in restaurants.
