My husband and I were on the way to the airport after a family wedding weekend and needed to grab dinner.  We went in expecting a garden variety red sauce joint and left surprised and delighted.  There is no pretension about the setting , but its nostalgia is genuine and the warmth is real.   The servers and host, Pip, were warm and efficient, not planning on being your best friend but dedicated to getting you a great meal in a professional manner. And the food deliverede in every respect. Drinkable carafe of house red poured into short squat water glasses.  Respectable table bread and mouth watering garlic bread.  Fried aspargus was not only perfectly cooked but tremendously fresh vegetable flavor dominated despite the richness.  We shook on some grated cheese and literally swooned. The mussels in red sauce were some of the best I have ever had.  The mussels were plump and tender and the sauce was perfefctly balanced: the oceanic chords matched the melody of sweet tomato baritone harmonizing with a light tenor edge of spiciness - enough to makes your lips buzz without overwhelming the dish.  I felt terrible leaving sauce behind in the bowl and seriously considered a soup spoon or a straw or just picking it up to chug . . . Fortunately we split the Veal Sicilian (mushrooms, onion, olives capers and cherry peppers in a creamy wine tinged sauce).   We were starting to slow down, but as they used to say, "Mama Mia!"  What a great dish:  fork tender veal scallops in a rich creamy sauce where every ingredient layered on the flavor - the cherry peppers added a notes of heat and vinegar that lifted the dish above the average.  The combination was greater than the sum of its parts!  We left no sauce behind with this one. Anyway, it is so easy for old school places to start sleep walking through the standards or to cut corners on quality.    Villa di Roma has totally sidesteped those pitfalls.  There is such pride evident in the preparation and presentation of this food that it will be a mandatory stop on any trip I ever make to Philadelphia.
