Didn't have a great experience here Friday night. I showed up at 6:30 to meet friends who had a reservation and were already seated. I politely asked the doorman which way the Library was, and his answer was "The Library is full right now." Well, thank you for that info, but that wasn't an answer to my question. I told him I was joining friends and only then did he point me in the direction. At the first hostess desk I asked if this was the way to The Library, as I was joining my reservation group. Maybe the staff just listens for "The Library," because even though I mentioned my party I was again told "The Library is full." Repeated that I had a reservation and they gestured me in. I found it quite awkward to then walk thru the dining room, but not as awkward as coming to ANOTHER hostess desk, AGAIN being told "The Library is full" and AGAIN repeating my reservation name. As I did, I saw my friends and told the host "I'm with that party." At which point I finally entered The (Full) Library. And saw 4 empty tables. Which stayed empty for the 30 minutes I was there. I don't know if they ever got filled, because we were asked to leave after 30 minutes when we broke their "parties of 6 and under, only" rule. The 3 friends who trickled in after me (all commenting on how many staffers told them the Library was full) brought us to 8 people, and even though we had an empty 2-top next to us and weren't infringing on the space of the group (4 adults & 2 kids) next to us, the host came over to tell us that they made an exception for the 7th person but simply couldn't let us have 8 people at our table. Instead of drawing straws to see which 2 friends should leave, we asked if we could finish our drinks before being shown the door. The host unhappily said "of course" and our check was promptly delivered. As we were leaving we passed thru the crowded outer bar, with groups of people craning their necks to see if a table in the coveted Library had opened up. If only they knew... Shame, too, because my Old Fashioned was great.
