Here are the details... IS IT TOO MUCH TO ASK? CAN I GET AN ORDER FOR BETTER SERVICE BECAUSE APPARENTLY ITS NOT ON YOUR MENU!!!! So I came to this place after fishing in edgewater on early Sunday around 3:45 AM  good amount of people inside this place go here after bars and lounges but there is enough staff to cater to them.... My friend and I ordered a Banana Burger each, 6$ a piece.. So my friend gave the waiter 20$ and he said food will be ready in 15 minutes... Keep reading cause this is where you will feel my pain... We took the order outside and it was frigid cold 45 degrees to be exact... Just to let you know we didn't go in because there were a couple of drunk men inside and you know a small room mixed with boiling levels of testosterone and pride don't mix up well but they had 2 securities guards but what they gonna do when shots ring out.. So 25 minutes passed by and I was shivering and getting real impatient.. Some people who took the order outside left... The guy who took my order said we have lots of people lined up.. But what really pissed me off was that people who came in and got their order after us got their food served first.. Mind you, me and my friend was shivering and we feels like we were going to have hypothermia...  After 40 to 45 minutes elapsed I gave in and confronted the guy to give the 20$ back and he look clueless , so he went to the kitchen and we got our orders and change... I was too tired and pissed of to enjoy the burger.. I would rate the taste a 6 or 6.5.... My goodness I should have went to NYC to 53rd and 6th to get Chicken and Rice from the Halaal Guys it's just 6$ a platter and really good portion and tastes way better than this overhyped place and the Halaal Guys  cater to your needs and quick fast service. I highly recommend Halaal Guys at 53rd st , it's worth the drive.  So back to my story.  I noticed that the waiters don't smile or ask if customers need something.. They also look confused when rendering the checks and bills .  The waiters need to take basic math and learn proper Etiquette.. Don't get fooled with the YELP overhype find a better burger joint because Customer Service is lacking a great deal....
