Dress to the 9's or be treated as 2's. I've been to Jamie's before and have never had an issue like I did tonight. It's very unfortunate that I have to write a review like this, it's not something I enjoy doing. First a bit about me, I'm a real estate investor and an avid foodie. I've combed quite a few of North Jersey's finest restaurants and have experienced all the ups and downs you would expect to be associated with such gallivanting. I am not overly demanding, I do not crucify, and I understand business. I've even worked retail. All that being said this last trip to Jamie's left me and my guest very unhappy for a few reasons. I ordered a special, rack of veal with oyster sauce, but literally seconds after ordering I changed my mind because I wanted to play it safe. I was told I could not, being the chef had already started my dish. Ok, odd, but I blew it, my fault, I had to live with what I ordered. I was convinced it would be a win/win being the staff spoke heaven and earth of this veal dish which is what swayed my choice from the beginning. More on that later. Next we had an issue with the wine. Your bartender is pouring you a glass, and the bottle runs dry mid pour (Not mid glass mind you, this is one of those half-fill for $8 a glass places), open another bottle and finish pouring right? No, he had to be asked to do so. Which he did because he knew it was a sub standard pour. Then we waited for our entree's which were supposedly "started" 20-30 minutes earlier and incapable of being changed. When they arrived, one was great, but mine was dreadful. A 45 dollar plate of SWEET and SALTY sauce that took over the dish with what tasted like a boiled potato and roasted pepper medley on the side. I had one bite, thought it might have been me, so I took another and let my guest have one as well. It wasn't me! I apologized and sent it back with the explanation that it was just to pungent for me. The response I got was "It has oysters in it, I told you that." I tried to explain but there was no interest in hearing it. When asked if I would like to order something else I said "No thank you, the appetizer was large and did the trick for me, just the check please." It came and had the 45 dollar dish still on it, I said politely "There's no diplomatic way to put this but I don't want to pay for the veal. I sent it back." The reply I got was "I know, I showed it to the manager and he said you ate half of it and that it should stay on the bill." This piece of meat was next to UNTOUCHED. If that was "half" the dish they charged 45 bucks for, it better have been made of gold and crusted with diamonds. Then the manager removed it after a bit of a spat. We finally got our check and as we were walking out we heard the bartender drop the F-bomb while referring to us while speaking with the manager in front of other customers. Needless to say we won't be returning.
