New Moon provides the perfect locale for an all-day coffee and muffin study session, a refreshing delicious lunch date with friends or an easy place to run in and get cupcakes for the whole office. The food is made right in front of you and to order and the coffee is superb. Service is friendly and helpful. The ambience cannot be beat. When you first walk into New Moon, it's hard not to take in the gorgeous chandelier that serves as a center piece for the restaurant. It's not often you find a lunch and coffee shop with such a classy touch. Underneath the chandelier sits comfy couches circled in front of a large fireplace. The immediate impression is warm and welcoming. Throughout the rest of the restaurants you'll find tables and chairs easily moveable to accommodate large groups or to hide away in a corner and get some work done. My favorite spot, however, is the bar that lines the front. In the summer they open the large door allowing the breeze to flow in. Sitting at this spot and working helps you to feel like you're outside even though you're typing furiously in front of your computer. While the counter at first seems a bit confusing, it becomes clear and simple after you get the hang of it. On one side you order salads and the other is for sandwiches. At the register, you can order coffee, cupcakes, or other baked goods. The options often feel a bit overwhelming. This is a good thing though! Their sandwiches and salads are so unique and delicious it's hard to pick just one of them. I often prefer to go with a design-your-own, but the Nantucket Chicken and Tomato Basil Mozzarella sandwiches are both favorites. As for salads, you cannot go wrong with the Omega Salad. Walnuts, salmon, spinach, and tomatoes topped with a sesame dressing. Their soups are also delicious. While the rotation isn't consistent, I enjoy being surprised by the new choices I find every time I go in. Although, I secretly always hope that Spicy Black Bean will be on the list. Often forgotten around the corner is a cooler full of pre-made salads to take home or eat on the side. The thing that impresses me the most about the food at New Moon is their ability to cater to a variety of tastes and preferences. They're tremendously vegan and vegetarian friendly. You'll find both tofu and seitan on their line along with numerous vegetables. Chickpeas are available for salads. Most of the spreads are vegan. How often can you find vegan pesto? Their new vegan menu offerings look great, as well. I got a salad with quinoa just the other day. The staff is friendly, helpful, and attentive. They always greet you with a smile. While during rush hour there is usually a wait, they never seem too frazzled or concerned. It's definitely worth the small wait to get a salad here and talk with their kind employees. It is confusing knowing exactly when to get your hot sandwich. It seems to take a bit longer than you might expect, but I'm sure this is only to ensure that the sandwich is thoroughly heated. They call out your sandwich, so you have to listen closely. I wish it could happen a little faster, but as I said previously, it's worth the small wait. It's usually no longer than five minutes, so I really don't mind at all. Just be listening to hear them yell it out. I love running in here to get a smoothie, as well. OH! The cupcakes. How could I forget the cupcakes? They are the perfect size and absolutely delicious. I don't know how they come up with such creative recipes, but I am always amazed every time I go in. Strawberry Balsamic, Green Tea with Avocado, Cranberries and Pistachios? Amazing! They are so unique. The flavor choices are always plentiful and exciting. They also have great vegan and gluten-free options. Delicious. New Moon is one of my favorites. I will keep coming back here again and again.
