I decided to eat healthy with my family and called am order from this establishment around 8:03pm on Friday December 7th 2012.  I ordered a hamburger deluxe no onions and two mega Greek salads with grilled chicken and no onions. I was informed that my order would be ready in about 15 minutes. I arrived at Teddy's Place around 8:16pm and was informed that it would be ready in 5 minutes.  I had no problem with this and waited and watched to other customers orders come walk in and make two gyro platters were ordered.  As the clock starts to round 8:32, I ask if my salads ready?" the woman replies it should be about 5 more minutes. I look around and realize that I am the only person left in this establishment; even the people arriving after me are gone. I watch as the manager asked the hostess, "What is he waiting for? " she informs him of my order then he says, " tell him to pay then!" We both reply at the same time" I "already paid." I ask for the manager and explain that I have placed and paid for my order and it is now 8:40pm and I haven't gotten my order. While one gentleman approached me and started explaining to me that platters take a few to make, I explain I am waiting for a 2 large salads and he went to check. The other gentleman whom I found out it was the owners son, approached me and said " Look, everything here is made fresh this isn't McDonald's or some other fast food establishment..." I immediately snapped at the man explaining first, How dare you talk to me in such a condescending matter, I know how to cook and I know your not cooking lettuce? ; It's chicken!! The chicken isn't even a half an inch thick it shouldn't take that long to cook unless it's old chicken. I also explained you guys aren't even sorry or attempting to apologize. You just keep attacking and making excuses for the delay?" The other gentleman I think named Anthony apologized and offered me a two-liter soda. I said sure but the owner's son said something arrogant about me taking the soda and I then I refused the item. I then decided to check my food before I left.  I had a feeling in my gut so I checked the food before I left. My order was totally messed up.  They gave me two small salads riddled with onions with very little feta cheese. I informed Anthony whom I assumed was the manager due to the good intension and supportive customer service and he made them remake the salad. I left the establishment around 8:46pm and when I got home, we all started to eat the salads. I noticed that all they did was empty the small salad into the larger container and ad more lettuce when I call back which is now 9:08pm, I explain the situation to Anthony whom apologized calling the situation a catastrophe and to come in Monday and he will make the situation right. I arrive on Monday December 10, 2012 with my swollen lip from the onion allergy and what's left of my two plates. I asked for Anthony but found out that he was simply the deliveryman for the day. The rude taller gentleman with the beard was the owner's son. I couldn't believe that a co-owner of the establishment was that discourteous to a customer. I explained to the owner of the situation and explained I want my money back for the salads because I'm not going to give them a third opportunity. To my disbelief these proprietors of the store used several excuses from Friday night is a busy day, to it was a simple confusion and prep time. At the end I received my money but a woman I assume was the owner's daughter said I should not get my money back because I ate some of the chicken. I again argued with an argument about customer service started. I started to explain myself about trying to come back that night then kind of unleashed informing her due to her rudeness and followed that if she can fix my lip due to the allergic reaction to the onion and we started going back and fourth. The owner told the woman to calm down placed his arm around me saying he's sorry but really escorting me out nicely. I placed my arm around him as he did to me and he shrugged it off. I explained to not touch me. He invites me back to talk about the situation but not right now. I moved his arm away from me and explained I will not be coming back. He replied "don't say that" please give us another try" I feel revolted about my treatment and the all owners' horrific customer service and brashness toward this customer. Maybe I'm wrong but I forget that was we are all created equal; we are all not treated as such. Yes I watched Friday night as anther customers order was wrong and I watched the man with the bread apologize and then give them free soda without the customer asking for it. The man consistently apologize several different times about the confusion while with me it was like they were doing me a favor by giving me their food. I feel and observing that being African American was an issue due to the other gentleman they were apologizing to Friday was Caucasian. They were not even willing to listen or
