a couple of friends and i came out on 8/24/10 to your open mic event. i have been coming for the last 3 weeks. last night i brought a young lady there to sing and everyone loved her. everyone was coming over to her asking would she be back! we were there from 8pm -9pm and your waitress Nicole came over and said the singer "wow  you were really good would you like anything to eat?" my guest who performed stated "no I'm OK" Nicole then says "it's OK it's on me what would you like?" so the performer says no again..Nicole then says no come on it's on me and begin giving out suggestive food choices...so she ordered fries and buffalo wings! i said are  you sure because we are about to leave she (the performer) said well she said it was on her so i guess i will order. then at the end of the night Nicole then brings over a bill i said to her what is this when you told the young lady it was on you. with a dumb look on her face she says "oh no when i said it was on me i didn't mean that! WTH????????? i said to her that only means one thing! then she got nervous and said i will go get the manager..she then said my temper is really flaring. i laughed and my friend said well why is your temper flaring? I'm looking at her like for what this is your doings not his! so he comes over real indignant and  began yelling to the top of his lungs trying to humiliate us as customers. he began saying why would she say it was on her? i said well you need to ask her! so continued on with his prejudiced performance yelling and belittling out character! i said to him are  you really a manager acting this way and he yelled yes i am ! i don't care about the bill get out and don't come back! mind you none of us were yelling nor did we get upset! i thought it was pretty rude, unprofessional and degrading the way he treated us this way last night! Nicole never said a word! it was like he was covering up for her stupidity! i am going to let everyone know of this incident and the kind of people you have working there! i thought that the customers were always right! especially after being treated this way! i work for the newark star ledger and this will be posted in the paper! i was really starting to enjoy this little venue. had a horrible time at your venue!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5 thumbs down for hat city kitchen!
