I am a Trenton native and after some time away from my fair city, it is nice to finally have a place in Trenton that has a great ambiance and a good vibe (lounge set-up, outside patio, local art exhibited, dim lighting, etc.).  So why don't I go there more often? Why am I not a regular?  Three words: SERVICE by BENNY.  By far service here is slow and inattentive, even if you are sitting at the bar in plain view with an empty glass. But in all fairness, it is not ALL the service that gets under my skin.  I actually enjoy the friendliness espoused by the owner, the chef, the girls that serve on the floor and even the owner's fiancée (she is SUPER sweet and has good business acumen - be friendly with the patrons). However, behind the bar seems to be the most rude bartender ever - Benny.  Mind you , I bartended for over 10 years and understand the mix of personalities that come into a bar, I "get" being busy and trying to run a one-man show, but that is no excuse.  Against my better judgment, I took some out of town guests to Trenton Social on Saturday.  I actually made a silent prayer on my way there that Benny wouldn't be on shift so early in the day (sad, I know). [*Note: the other bartenders may not be the best cocktail makers, BUT they are polite].At first, I kept my opinions to myself to not bias my guests.  However it didn't take long before they were all disgusted with his attitude and lack of service. After making us wait, he rushed us to take our drink order and then proceeded to get annoyed because we were ready to order our food.  When one guest asked regarding the filet mignon sandwich, he snidely responded "its filet mignon on bread, what else do you want to know". REALLY!#@&!!  The rest of the service pretty much went the same, he returned with drinks after a while and made no effort to give drinks or food to the person that ordered the meal, and instead he placed them down and left us to pass plates across a table of 7 of us.  It's a shame a great place like Trenton Social has such an ill-mannered bartender at the helm of service. Jackie Trenton Native
