Bad. Just bad, in every way possible. I understand this is the first day, and things take time to settle in. But they didn't even stumble out of the gate, they face-planted in the starting block. The food? A joke. I ordered a create-your-own stir fry dish with: egg noodles, bamboo shoots, bok choy, tofu, and spicy garlic sauce. The noodles had the distinct consistency of Ramen noodles, which isn't necessarily awful, except when you consider that my order cost me $11. The bok choy? In about 3/4 of a lb of noodles, I had 6 small pieces. The tofu? Maybe, mayyybbeee, a quarter cup of it, if I'm being generous. The bamboo shoots? Couldn't tell you, they forgot them. The sauce was actually fairly spicy, but wasn't anything special. The wait? 40 minutes. This is a 'good food fast' concept, except they forgot the fast. The layout for the workers makes about as much sense as nipples that double as bright pink highlighters. Everyone is tripping over each other, and no one knows what they are doing. The touch screen ordering system is brand-spankin-new, and is already having issues. I know this, because in the time i stood around waiting, I got to observe them plenty. Sanitary? Nope. Some of the staff didn't have gloves on, and were grabbing the salad items with their bare hands. There isn't much raw meat or anything going around, and the place is clean because it is brand new, but I saw people picking up trash/refuse, and then diving into a salad. Oh, and I forgot to mention, it wasn't stir-fry. It is called stir-fry, but the only correlation with stir-fry is that some of the ingredients were cooked in a wok. The noodles were boiled and placed directly into the dish. The ingredients (the ones they remembered) were cooked in a wok, mixed with sauce, and placed on top. By the time I got back to the office, the noodles had fused into a solid mass. Two of my co-workers went with me, and both of their lunches were just as bad. One got an on-the-menu noodle dish (of which he had the same complaint about the noodles, and his beef was very fatty and chewy) and the other got a salad (it came with the wrong greens, and without 3 of the 6 toppings...and it cost $12). The upshot: They went 0 - 3 with our meals, and first-hand I saw three people give up and leave and 4 return their meals. Everything is overpriced, and the service time is awful. The processing time will most likely improve as the staff learns how to do their job properly, but the food is still not going to be worth it.
